Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3269 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 26, 2016 No. 84 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Almighty and merciful God of the universe, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We pray for the gift of wisdom to all with great responsibility in this House for the leadership of our Nation. As the Members disperse to their var-ious districts and our Nation prepares to celebrate Memorial Day, may we all retreat from the busyness of life to re-member our citizen ancestors who served our Nation in the armed serv-ices. Grant that their sacrifice of self, and for so many, of life, would inspire all of America’s citizens to step forward, in whatever their path of life, to make a positive contribution to the strength of our democracy. Bless us this day and every day, and may all that is done within these hal-lowed Halls be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. HULTGREN led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE PUBLIC SERVICE OF RUTH RICHARDSON (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the long and fruitful public service of a member of my staff, Ruth Richardson. With degrees from Aurora and North-ern Illinois Universities, Ruth began her career as an admissions counselor at Aurora University. In 1990, she started her service to the U.S. House of Representatives as a caseworker in the office of Congress-man Dennis Hastert. The caseworker plays a central role in a congressional office as the primary advocate for con-stituents having challenges with the Federal Government, and Ruth ex-celled at her job. For 26 years, she worked tirelessly to help seniors who were having trouble obtaining their Social Security bene-fits or to help veterans in search of medical care or military acknowledge-ment of their service, and she spear-headed the U.S. annual Congressional Art Competition to showcase the young talent in Illinois. To many, Ruth has been a strong ally navigating the intricate and arcane Federal bureaucracy. I was thrilled Ruth joined my team when I first en-tered Congress in 2011, and she has de-livered professional and caring service to the 14th District residents. Everyone who comes in contact with Ruth is warmed by her selfless heart and will-ingness to help. In many ways, she is irreplaceable, and we will greatly miss her as she retires at the end of this month. Ruth, it is now time for you to enjoy your family and your next adventure in life. Don’t be a stranger to the office. And may God bless you in your retire-ment. f 
REMEMBERING AUBURN POLICE OFFICER RONALD TARENTINO (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Officer Ronald Tarentino, a member of the Auburn Po-lice Department in Massachusetts, who was tragically shot and killed in the line of duty this past weekend. Officer Tarentino exemplified the courage and dedication that defines our incredible men and women in blue. His neighbors and friends described him as a ‘‘gentle giant,’’ a ‘‘great guy,’’ and ‘‘always willing to help.’’ He always kept an eye out for the 91-year-old widow living across the street. Remembering Officer Tarentino this week, Auburn Police Chief Andrew J. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY7.000 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3270 May 26, 2016 
Sluckis said: ‘‘He got along with every-body. He was somebody who was al-ways smiling. He was an outstanding guy, and we’re going to miss him.’’ Mr. Speaker, that is how he will be remem-bered. In the days since this tragedy, it has been truly inspiring to see the Auburn, Leicester, and surrounding commu-nities come together to support Officer Tarentino’s wife and three children. My heart goes out to them, and I know I am not alone in saying that Officer Tarentino will never be forgotten. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SCOTT MEADOR (Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a local act of cour-age. Earlier this week, in my hometown of Newburgh, Indiana, a car wreck at a local gas station quickly turned into a life-or-death situation. In what was de-scribed as a scene from an action movie, Boonville native Scott Meador, who was a bystander to the incident, bravely pulled the driver to safety be-fore the car was consumed by flames, saving the driver’s life. Scott Meador is a hero and an exam-ple for us all. Because of his selfless ac-tion, a family remains whole. That is what it means to be a Hoosier—to come to the aid of your fellow citizen when they are in need. Mr. Speaker, it is important to high-light the positive things that happen daily in our country. Regardless of what may be going on around us, events like this remind us what is real-ly important in life. 
f 
VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, Platte, South Dakota, September 17, 2015: Nicole Westerhuis, 41 years old; Connor Westerhuis, 14; Michael Westerhuis, 16; Jaeci Westerhuis, 10; Kailey Westerhuis, 9. Piketon, Ohio, April 22, 2016: Kenneth Rhoden, 44 years old; Christopher Rhoden, Sr., 40; Gary Rhoden, 38; Dana Manley Rhoden, 37; Hanna May Rhoden, 22; Hannah Hazel Gilley, 20; Clarence Rhoden, 20; Christopher Rhoden, Jr., 16. Macon, Georgia, December 12, 2014: Derrick Jackson, 38 years old; George Henley, 34; Corey Hollingshed, 25. Dallas, Texas, January 4, 2015: Deborah Lou Stanley, 57 years old; Max Vester McEwen, 54; Jose Alfredo Lopez, 21. Norfolk, Virginia, January 1, 2014: Melvin Alston, 32 years old; Marcus Deering, 22. f 
REMEMBERING HILLIARD POLICE OFFICER SEAN JOHNSON (Mr. STIVERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Hilliard, Ohio, Police Officer Sean R. Johnson, who passed away last week in a tragic training accident. Officer Johnson’s dedication to pub-lic service was evident when he made the decision to join the Air Force right out of high school in 1988. After serving in the military and earning the rank of senior airman, he was hired at the Fairfield County Sheriff’s Department, where he served until 1997. Officer Johnson joined the Hilliard Division of Police in October 1999 and would stay with the department for the next 16 years. Throughout his 16 years with the Hilliard Division of Police, he was distinguished as one of the most valuable members of the police depart-ment. He was awarded multiple achievement citations during his time for his service above the normal call of duty in dangerous circumstances. He earned his associates degree in law enforcement from Columbus State Community College and was a father of two children, all while working to keep our community safe. I want to recognize Officer Sean Johnson for his incredible service to our community in Hilliard. I also want to offer my deepest con-dolences to his family at this difficult time. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, a new CDC study shows a 13 percent risk that the Zika virus will result in microcephaly, causing incomplete fetal brain development. Already, nearly 300 pregnant women in the United States have acquired Zika. In light of these risks, how can this Congress continue to obstruct, delay, and deny the necessary funding for a response? On many issues, this Congress is di-vided. I get it. But this is our most basic job. This emergency will test us as Americans, and it will test us as an institution. Will we come together to prevent a Zika outbreak? Will we pro-tect these families? Will we act in the common good, or will we continue to play politics, ignore the science, and disregard these serious risks? The study’s author, CDC biologist Michael Johansson, said: ‘‘We need to do whatever we can to help women avoid Zika virus infections during pregnancy.’’ Let’s listen to him. Let’s do our job. IN SUPPORT OF VERIZON WORK-ERS AND UNITED STATES CALL CENTER WORKER AND CON-SUMER PROTECTION ACT (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 39,000 Verizon workers currently on strike. These hardworking members of CWA and IBEW are on strike for a number of reasons, but the number one reason is to keep their jobs and prevent them from being shipped overseas to the Philippines or India. What Verizon is doing is not unique. In fact, it has been the experience of too many families in my district in Houston and Harris County and fami-lies throughout the country. As Members of Congress, we have a responsibility to fight for these jobs and improve the lives of average Amer-icans. This spring, I introduced bipar-tisan legislation, the United States Call Center Worker and Consumer Pro-tection Act, H.R. 4604, that would make companies that offshore American jobs ineligible for Federal grants or loans and put them at the back of the line for Federal contracts. This legislation will not stop all offshoring, but it is a strong first step to protect these mid-dle class jobs. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor this bipartisan legislation, H.R. 4604. f 
RELATING TO CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2577, TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 751 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 751 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution— (a) the House hereby takes from the Speak-er’s table the bill (H.R. 2577) making appro-priations for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concurs in the Senate amendment with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-56; and (b) it shall be in order for the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee to move that the House insist on its amend-ment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2577 and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi). The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.002 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3271 May 26, 2016 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the Rules Committee met and reported a rule to expedite consideration of leg-islation that would deal with the immi-nent threat of the Zika virus. The rule provides that the House concur in the Senate amendment with a further amendment consisting of the text of H.R. 4974, H.R. 5243, and H.R. 897, as passed by the House, and provides a motion from the chair of the Com-mittee on Appropriations to request a conference with the Senate. Mr. Speaker, as I said last week, the debate between Republicans and Demo-crats is not over whether or not to ad-dress the Zika threat, but whether to pay for it or just to add it to the na-tional credit card. This rule would provide for a con-ference between the House and the Sen-ate on the Zika response legislation, as passed by the House. As opposed to the Senate approach, which adds an addi-tional $1.2 billion to the national debt, the House approach acts responsibly by using existing funds designated for Ebola and other infectious diseases to pay for our response to the looming Zika threat. b0915 Mr. Speaker, many of my friends on the other side have claimed that the House Republicans’ response to the Zika threat has been wholly insuffi-cient. Frankly, I disagree with that view. In our view, our response is, real-ly, the second of three tranches of funds directed at Zika. First, Chairman R
OGERS , Chairman G
RANGER , and I directed the adminis-tration to use existing funds for Ebola and other infectious diseases to deal with the immediate threat. Thus far, the administration has used nearly $600 million to support efforts to combat Zika. The second tranche of money that is included in this legislation would pro-vide an additional $622 million for Zika. Finally, I want to assure my col-leagues that we will commit additional resources in the FY 2017 appropriations process to ensure that the administra-tion request is fully fulfilled, providing nearly $1.9 billion, which is the amount requested by the administration to combat Zika. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I think it is important to reiterate that I do not disagree with my friends about the need to confront the Zika virus quick-ly. In fact, I have been to Brazil. I have been to Argentina. I have visited the infected areas and have spent a lot of hours in talking to our people on the ground there who are both investigating the disease and working with local governments to try and take care of some of the outbreak down there. We have visited extensively with our friends up here at the National Insti-tutes of Health and at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The only difference I have with my friends is whether or not we pay for the activ-ity. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that, if we al-ready have the resources to confront the crisis, which we do, we should do so within our existing capabilities as op-posed to adding to the deficit. I look forward to working with my colleagues in conference, through reg-ular order, to ensure a bipartisan agreement can be reached. I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. C
OLE), my good friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, let me start by saying how disappointed I am by the inadequate and long overdue re-sponse by this Republican majority to the Zika crisis. With nearly 1,400 Americans, includ-ing more than 275 pregnant women who are currently infected with the virus and well over a million cases expected before the end of the year, it is abso-lutely shameful that this House has failed to act on legislation to ade-quately fund a response to this poten-tially devastating crisis. Mr. Speaker, Zika is not coming to the United States. It is here. As sum-mer arrives, along with mosquito sea-son, the mosquito that carries the Zika virus will be active and knocking on the doors of our southern States and territories. This is an emergency, and it should be treated as such. But my friends on the other side of the aisle have spent months in delaying action and in mak-ing excuse after excuse after excuse about why we don’t need to provide the full funding that our Nation’s public health experts say we need. I appreciate the fact that my friends on the other side of the aisle consider themselves public health experts, but there are people who are trained to be public health experts who tell us that what we are doing here today is under-funding an adequate response to this crisis. I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised by this, as my friends in the majority have made it a habit of ignoring the advice of scientists and of experts in favor of appeasing a small group in their Conference on the extreme right. In February, President Obama re-quested $1.9 billion to address the pub-lic health threat that is posed by the Zika virus. Instead of taking the swift action that was needed to confront this crisis, the House delayed and delayed and delayed as the Zika crisis contin-ued to spread. We should have sent a bill to Presi-dent Obama’s desk months ago, but, in-stead, this leadership allowed months to go by without there being any ac-tion on this issue until last week, when they brought to the floor a completely inadequate $622 million package that provides only one-third of the funds that have been requested by the admin-istration. House Democrats, under the leader-ship of Leader PELOSI and Appropria-tions Committee Ranking Member L
OWEY , have tried to bring to the floor meaningful emergency funding to ad-dress Zika, only to be blocked by House Republicans five times. While the administration has taken significant steps to help keep Ameri-cans safe from the Zika virus, signifi-cant additional appropriations are needed. In a letter to Speaker R
YAN, OMB Director Shaun Donovan and Na-tional Security Advisor Susan Rice said, without emergency supplemental funding, mosquito control and surveil-lance may need to be suspended. State and local governments that manage mosquito control may not be able to hire personnel for mosquito mitigation efforts, and vaccine devel-opments, which require multiyear funding commitments, may be jeopard-ized. To make matters worse, Mr. Speaker, House Republicans sent to the floor last week and again this week a bill to undermine the Clean Water Act and protections for our waterways under the guise of helping to contain the Zika virus. But the truth of the matter is that the legislation is nothing more than a carve-out for pesticide special interests and it would have absolutely no effect on spraying pesticides to combat the spread of the Zika virus. It is a bill my friends have brought to the floor in the past, but they just couldn’t help themselves in using this crisis as an excuse to further under-mine environmental protections. Instead of working with Democrats to address this public health emer-gency in a serious bipartisan way that puts the health and safety of the Amer-ican people first, the Republican lead-ership has once again brought to the floor partisan legislation that will not adequately meet the needs of the CDC, of the NIH, of the USAID, and of other governmental agencies that are on the front lines in responding to this crisis. Let me close, Mr. Speaker, by saying that I have great respect for the gen-tleman from Oklahoma. When he says that he intends to support every effort to make sure that adequate funding is available, if I thought this whole deci-sion were up to him alone, I don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.004 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3272 May 26, 2016 
think I would be as nervous as I am at this particular point, but his party that is in control has shut this govern-ment down. We have seen them lurch from one crisis to another crisis and underfund one priority after another priority. Quite frankly, I don’t trust the people who are running this House to do the right thing, to be able to get a major-ity of their majority to go along with providing the appropriate funding. Yes, we all want to be fiscally re-sponsible, but let me tell you this: if all you are worried about is the bottom line—and that is the cost—by not ade-quately funding what is needed to com-bat this crisis, the costs that will re-sult if this crisis gets out of control will be prohibitive. You ain’t seen nothing yet. So we can nickel-and-dime this all we want, but we do so at our own peril. We ought to be concerned primarily with the safety and well-being of the citizens of this country. But if that is not enough to prompt my friends on the other side of the aisle to support the President’s re-quest, I would suggest that the cost of ignoring this problem of not ade-quately funding an appropriate re-sponse will be a cost like you have never seen before. I urge my colleagues to defeat this rule and to bring up strong bipartisan legislation that will fully fund the ad-ministration’s request. This is a public health emergency, and we must act now. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I begin by pointing out to my good friend that, actually, we are doing, in a sense, what he is urging us to do right now. We are moving expeditiously to go to conference with our friends in the Senate, who have passed one version of the Zika response. We will have our version. We will sit down and work out a compromise, and I suspect we will be able to move pret-ty smartly through this. What we are doing here today is exactly what I know my friend wants us to do, and that is to move and respond. I also point out—and it gets lost in the rhetoric sometimes around this issue—that there is not one thing the Federal Government has proposed to do about Zika that it has been unable to do because of a lack of money. The Federal Government has had every cent that it has asked for. Frankly, it was H
ALROGERS , the chairman of the Appropriations Com-mittee, who solicited Ms. G
RANGER , the chairman of the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Agencies, and I, as the chair of the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies, to write the adminis-tration and tell them to start spending money immediately from the things they had. Then that money would be backfilled as needed during the normal appropriations process. That is exactly what has been done. No measure has failed to be imple-mented because of a lack of money. There has been no delay in money for the Zika response, and there are sub-stantial efforts to move ahead in this regard. My friend made the point that we sometimes seem to ignore the advice of scientists. That is just simply not true. For Ebola last year, the administration got the response it wanted out of this Congress immediately. Frankly, it has gotten an immediate response out of Zika. I point out to my friend—he may not be aware of this because he is not on the Appropriations Committee—that last year the President of the United States asked for $1 billion for addi-tional research at the National Insti-tutes of Health. We gave him $2 billion. He asked for a certain amount of money—forgive me for not remem-bering the exact figure—for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. We gave him more money than he asked for. This year we will do that again. He has made requests for additional money. We will go beyond what he has re-quested at both the National Institutes of Health and at the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention. So in sug-gesting we are not funding these efforts robustly, the truth is, if you look at the numbers, we are actually spending more money than the President asked for because we think these are national priorities. While we listen to scientists, we also listen to economists. They tell us that running up a national debt willy-nilly is not a very good thing to do. In this case, we have the money and we have the time to deal with this in a thought-ful and prudent way and to advance the efforts without running up the national debt. It is the appropriate way to pro-ceed. I would just ask my friend to think back. When we hear this figure, this is only a third of the response. Somehow my friends on the other side have for-gotten that the first third is already done. That was the first $600 million that is being deployed as we speak. This is the next third. Frankly, it reaches not only the bal-ance for the remainder of this fiscal year, but it reaches into next year. This is more money, once we pass this, than the administration has proposed to deploy in this fiscal or even this cal-endar year. Then, in the normal appropriations process, which is underway right now— the bill will probably be presented sometime in the middle of June to the Appropriations Committee—you will see additional money in both the State and Foreign Operations bill and in the Labor-H bill that is targeted toward Zika. The one difference is it will all have been paid for. I think that is what shocks my friends the most. They would much prefer to save that money so as to spend it someplace else. We think it is a crisis. We have the money. We ought to spend the money right now and take care of Zika. We are going to continue to work with our friends, and I think we will arrive at a good place. My hope is that that measure that we enact at the end is fully paid for. That is what we are trying to achieve here. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think what we are concerned about on this side of the aisle—and I know some thoughtful Republicans are also concerned about this—is the fact that, without certainty, a lot of the research projects and a lot of initiatives that need to be done at the Federal and State levels will not happen because no one knows whether the money is going to follow for what is needed. I think there is a lack of certainty because we are in a House of Rep-resentatives that has shut the govern-ment down before. If people don’t get their way, people have a tantrum and they shut the government down. That is the history of this House of Rep-resentatives. I quote here from Dr. Anthony Fauci, the Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health, whom I actually have a great deal of trust in. He says: 
If we do not get the money that the Presi-dent has asked for—the $1.9 billion—that is going to have a very serious, negative im-pact on our ability to get the job done. 
That is Dr. Fauci. That is not I. That is a highly respected scientist, whom I think we all have a great deal of re-spect for in this House. We ought to lis-ten to him more than to the Tea Party wing of the Republican Party. Mr. Speaker, I ask my friends to de-feat the previous question. If we do, I will offer an amendment to the rule that modifies the House amendment by replacing the Zika virus provisions with the text of H.R. 5044, which is the Democratic alternative that fully funds the administration’s request. The Republican majority’s current plan is to pass creatively named bills that have nothing to do with Zika and to offer short-term spending commit-ments that will, unfortunately, fail to properly incentivize the private sector to help develop a vaccine. b0930 Our alternative would give our sci-entists and our doctors the resources they need to mount a longer-term, ro-bust response to the growing Zika cri-sis. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.005 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3273 May 26, 2016 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to dis-cuss our proposal, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Appro-priations. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, before I make my statement, I just want to re-spond to our distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies. Has the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations introduced sub-committee allocations for either the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies or the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs? The answer is no. Has the chairman set markup dates for either the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Edu-cation, and Related Agencies or the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs bill? The answer is no. So there is no chance that Congress will send either appropriations bill to the President by September 30. This really is a charade. CDC Director Tom Frieden says 3 months is an eternity for control of an outbreak. There is a narrow window of opportunity here, and it is closing. So, Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to defeat the previous ques-tion so we can support a robust and ag-gressive response to an imminent pub-lic health emergency. Researchers at Harvard and CDC re-ported that pregnant women who con-tract the Zika virus in their first tri-mester face as high as a 13 percent chance that their baby will have microcephaly. Nearly 300 pregnant women in the United States and its territories are terrified that their child will have a devastating birth defect, and that number increases every day. Every day we learn more about the devastating virus, and each piece of news is more alarming than the last. That is why President Obama acted responsibly and requested $1.9 billion to research and develop vaccines and diagnostic tests, invest in mosquito vector control, and implement an ag-gressive public education and outreach campaign. Yet, the House Republican Zika bill would provide a mere $622 million, which is less than one-third of the $1.9 billion that public health experts tell us is necessary to protect American communities. To make matters worse, the bill robs Peter to pay Paul, steal-ing funding still needed to protect against Ebola and increase public pre-paredness at home. The spread of the Zika virus is tak-ing a severe toll on Brazil and other South and Central American countries. It has spread to Puerto Rico, and the outbreak is knocking at our door. Why are my friends in the majority acting more like bureaucrats and ac-countants than responsive representa-tives of hardworking Americans? Protecting American communities is the foremost responsibility of the Fed-eral Government. Yet, the majority has failed to lead the way to a response worthy of this emergency. If the previous question is defeated, Mr. M
CGOVERN will amend the rule to offer my bill, H.R. 5044, as a substitute, providing the full $1.9 billion the ad-ministration requested, without off-sets, to ensure an adequate response to Zika that doesn’t rob our Ebola re-sponse. I urge me colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. D
ENT), the chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies. Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. He is obviously a very thoughtful member of the Com-mittee on Rules and a fine member of our Committee on Appropriations. I believe we have something really important to discuss today, and that is that today really does mark a return to regular order for our appropriations bills and process. That statement is so significant that we need to pause and recognize it as a tremendous achieve-ment. This has been the intense focus of Appropriations Committee Chair-man H
ALROGERS for more than 5 years. And the committee’s esteemed ranking member, too, Mrs. L
OWEY , has been equally determined to have reg-ular order restored. They have worked relentlessly to get us to this place, which is, in fact, a better place. So I commend Chairman R
OGERS and Mrs. L
OWEY and appreciate the support of the House leadership to make this hap-pen. This is the best way to serve our citizens, our Federal agencies, our vet-erans, our military services, and the members and their families. It is also my honor to have the Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies appropriations bill move forward as part of the con-ference committee. That is very sig-nificant to me as chairman of that sub-committee. Of course, we are also going to deal with the Zika threat as we must and as we should, and that will be part of these discussions. I am sure we are going to be able to come to an agreement with the Senate just on how we will proceed on that very im-portant issue, and I think everybody here is committed to moving forward both on the MILCON piece of this as well as Zika. H.R. 4974—and that is the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies bill—demonstrates our firm commitment to fully supporting our Nation’s veterans and servicemem-bers. Our investment of $81.6 billion for Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies, at $1.8 bil-lion over last year’s level, is unprece-dented. The bill will address issues to help veterans in every part of the coun-try, every congressional district, and our troops throughout the world. The bill provides comprehensive sup-port for servicemembers, military fam-ilies, and veterans with $7.9 billion. It supports our troops with facilities and services necessary to maintain readi-ness and morale at bases here in the States and, again, overseas. It provides for the Department of Defense schools and health clinics that take care of our military families. For the VA, this bill includes $73.5 billion in discretionary funding. The bill funds our veterans healthcare sys-tems to ensure that our promise to care for those who sacrificed in defense of this great Nation continues as those men and women return home. We owe this support to our veterans and we are committed to sustained oversight so that programs deliver what they prom-ise and taxpayers are well served by the investments that we make. So I certainly support this motion to go to conference. I certainly urge adop-tion of this motion so we can deal with taking care of our servicemembers, our veterans, and their families. We must do this. Of course, we must also deal with the Zika threat that is affecting so many of us. I commend everybody involved in that issue. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I wanted to commend Chairman COLE for his ef-forts on this issue. I serve with him on the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies. I know he has been in constant communication with our friends at the NIH and the CDC to make sure we get the resources nec-essary to them so they can help us deal with this very real threat. Again, I am very pleased that we have returned to regular order and that we are going to conference this bill on Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies, and on Zika. It is great for the Congress, great for the country, and we need to move forward. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have great respect for the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania, and I agree with him that there are a lot of issues that he has championed here. He used the words ‘‘regular order.’’ We have no allocations, no budget reso-lution. We know that many of the ap-propriations bills will never see the light of day on the House floor. There will be this mad rush after the election to put together some big omnibus package that most people will never be able to read. If that is regular order, we have a very strong difference of opinion of what regular is all about. Mr. Speaker, I insert into the R
ECORD  a letter that was sent to the House leadership signed by close to 70 health organizations—every major health or-ganization in the country—calling for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.007 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3274 May 26, 2016 
new funding rather than repurposing money from other high-priority pro-grams to combat Zika, also supporting the President’s request. It talks about how we have a brief window of oppor-tunity to slow the spread of the Zika virus and avert a wave of preventable birth defects and urging Congress to act certainly in a much more aggres-sive way than what we are doing here today. 
APRIL 5, 2016. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
REDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. Hon. H
ALROGERS , Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ITALOWEY , Ranking Member, Committee on Appropriations, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI , CHAIRMAN UPTON AND REPRESENTA -
TIVE UPTON , ANDCHAIRMAN ROGERS AND REP-
RESENTATIVE LOWEY : The undersigned orga-nizations committed to the health and wellbeing of our nation’s families and com-munities urge you in the strongest terms to immediately provide emergency supple-mental funding to prepare for and respond to the Zika virus here in the United States. We also urge that Congress provide new funding rather than repurpose money from other high priority programs at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and other federal agencies that ensure our health security and public health preparedness. As you know, the Zika virus has been linked to microcephaly, a serious birth de-fect of the brain, in babies of mothers who contracted the virus while pregnant. Thou-sands of devastating birth defects have been observed among infants born in South and Central America in recent months. Zika has already been diagnosed in travelers return-ing to the U.S. from these areas. As the sum-mer months approach and we enter mosquito season, our nation can expect to be exposed to mosquitos that can spread this virus. Over four million babies are born in our nation each year, and many of their mothers could be at risk for contracting Zika during preg-nancy. With emergency supplemental funding to respond to the Zika virus, state and local public health professionals would have ac-cess to increased virus readiness and re-sponse capacity focused on areas with ongo-ing Zika transmission; enhanced laboratory, epidemiology and surveillance capacity in at-risk areas to reduce the opportunities for Zika transmission and surge capacity through rapid response teams to limit poten-tial clusters of Zika virus in the United States. Moreover, supplemental funding will assist the CDC and USAID in efforts to con-tain the Zika virus in Zika-endemic coun-tries and ensure that there are resources for surveillance, vector control and services for affected pregnant women and children. If we take immediate action, we may be able to dramatically slow the spread of Zika, giving scientists time to develop and test a vaccine. Without action, however, we fear the number of newborns born with debili-tating birth defects will only continue to rise. In addition to the human toll on chil-dren and families, the CDC estimates that the average lifetime cost of caring for each child born with microcephaly will likely be millions of dollars per child. For hard-hit communities, an epidemic of severe birth de-fects could quickly overwhelm health care and social services systems, and put extreme pressure on educational and other institu-tions. The President has requested emergency funding to educate Americans about pro-tecting themselves, reduce the mosquito population, and accelerate Zika vaccine re-search. Each of these steps is vital to reduc-ing the likelihood that pregnant women will be exposed to the Zika virus. Our nation has a brief window of oppor-tunity to slow the spread of the Zika virus and avert a wave of preventable birth de-fects. We urge you to act immediately to provide the emergency resources necessary to protect pregnant women, infants and chil-dren from this devastating infection. Sincerely, Academic Pediatric Association, American Academy of Family Physicians, American Academy of Pediatrics, American Associa-tion for Clinical Chemistry, American Asso-ciation for Pediatric Ophthalmology and Strabismus, American College of Nurse-Mid-wives, American College of Preventive Medi-cine, American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, American Medical Associa-tion, American Nurses Association, Amer-ican Pediatric Society, American Public Health Association, American Sexual Health Association, American Society for Clinical Pathology, American Society for Reproduc-tive Medicine, Association for Professionals in Infection Control and Epidemiology, Asso-ciation of Maternal & Child Health Pro-grams, Association of Medical School Pedi-atric Department Chairs, Association of Pub-lic Health Laboratories, Association of Re-productive Health Professionals, Association of Schools and Programs of Public Health, Association of State and Territorial Health Officials, Association of Women’s Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses. Children’s Environmental Health Network, Children’s Hospital Association, Commis-sioned Officers Association of the U.S. Public Health Service, Inc., Cooley’s Anemia Foun-dation, Council of State and Territorial Epi-demiologists, Easter Seals, Every Child By Two, First Candle, GBS/CIDP Foundation International, Healthcare Ready, HIV Medi-cine Association, Infectious Diseases Society of America, Intrexon, Johnson & Johnson, March of Dimes, National Association of County and City Health Officials, National Birth Defects Prevention Network, National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners, National Council of La Raza, National Envi-ronmental Health Association, National Foundation for Infectious Diseases, National Hispanic Medical Association, National Med-ical Association. National Network of Public Health Insti-tutes, National Organization for Rare Dis-orders, National Partnership for Women & Families, National Recreation and Park As-sociation, Novavax, Inc., Nurse Practitioners in Women’s Health, OraSure Technologies, Inc., Oregon Public Health Association, Pedi-atric Infectious Diseases Society, Pediatric Policy Council, Public Health Institute, Re-search!America, Resolve: The National Infer-tility Association, Save Babies Through Screening Foundation Society for Healthcare Epidemiology of America, Soci-ety for Maternal-Fetal Medicine, Society for Pediatric Research, Society for Women’s Health Research, The Arc, The Newborn Foundation, Trisomy 18 Foundation, Trust for America’s Health. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), the ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to take meaningful action to address the public health crisis that the Centers for Dis-ease Control recently called scarier than we originally thought, and to sup-port the President’s request for supple-mental funding for the Zika virus as outlined in H.R. 5044, the FY16 Zika supplemental appropriations. I thank Appropriations Ranking Member N
ITALOWEY and Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee Rank-ing Member D
ELAURO for their ongoing leadership to help protect our constitu-ents. More than 120 Floridians now have the Zika virus, including 36 pregnant women. Last week there were an esti-mated 157 pregnant women in the con-tinental United States and 122 more in the territories who have contracted Zika. The House must take real action to protect our citizens. It is an outrage that we are not adequately responding to the calls of public health officials at the Federal, State, and local levels who are clanging the alarm bells, imploring Congress to act. Last week the House approved a Zika bill that is absolutely unacceptable. The bill the House passed would raid existing public health accounts, a dan-gerous precedent to set for appro-priately responding to public health crises. This is an approach that Dr. Fauci of the National Institutes of Health, the so-called Zika czar, has called illogical. Furthermore, it only authorizes use of funds through Sep-tember 30th. Let me assure you that mosquitos carrying the Zika virus do not adhere to a congressional calendar. The Republican bill does nothing to specifically help Puerto Rico where Zika is wreaking the most havoc and where close to 1,000 people have been infected. We need more funds now to equip our local health centers with testing kits. We need to assure the National Insti-tutes of Health that there is sustained funding to develop a vaccine as well as a cure, and we need to protect our con-stituents. That is our responsibility. It continues to baffle and frustrate so many of us that the majority wishes to address this crisis, this public health crisis, by combatting Zika through robbing Peter to pay Paul. That is irre-sponsible. It is immoral. And the ma-jority will have to look in the eyes of the mothers who have contracted the Zika virus beyond the point of which we will have lost control of the ability to contain this virus and this public health crisis, look those mothers in the eye and explain why they did nothing to ensure that their babies were not born with birth defects. It is uncon-scionable, and we need to act now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.008 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3275 May 26, 2016 
I urge the House to support the full request for funds and vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, what is unconscionable is to make charges that are simply un-true, and to suggest that there is money that has not been deployed that would otherwise have been spent is un-true. Everything the administration has wanted to spend, it has been able to spend. Now, we hear a lot of talk about raid-ing funds. Let’s talk about raiding funds. The administration took $500 million out of emergency response money—I believe in December or ear-lier this year—and redirected that to the global climate fund. That is money that was set aside that could have been used for Zika. Instead, it is in a global climate fund. The administration, in its own budget, took $40 million out of the Ebola fund and directed it into a worthy cause, malaria suppression. So we don’t have objection, but the idea that this money isn’t used is untrue. Now, when we hear discussions about the Ebola money, that is money that was not to be spent in the next weeks or the next months, but in future years. We don’t even know if it is enough or if it is too much. So the idea that using some of it now in an imme-diate emergency is wrong with the idea and the commitment that that would be replenished later, as needed, is the responsible thing to do. As for NIH funding, in the Zika bill that this House passed, there are $230 million that fully funds the NIH’s re-quest for vaccination research for all of next year. So, again, the idea that money is not available and they don’t know what to do if we pass this legisla-tion is untrue. b0945 So I would just suggest again we look at the real difference here. It has noth-ing to do with Zika response. It has ev-erything to do with whether or not you want to pay for it when you have the money available or you just want to add another $1.9 billion to the national credit card. It is thinking like that that got us into a situation where we were running $1.4 trillion deficits when my friends were in control on the other side. Where we still have a $450 billion, roughly, deficit for this fiscal year— and it will go up next year—we ought to be doing this in a prudent way. Now, Zika response does not happen in a single day. It is something that will last, frankly, over multiple months and years. The administra-tion’s request for $1.9 billion is not for just today. It is for at least a period of 2 years. So they have the money they need right now. The bill provides the next amount of money they need, and we will provide additional money in the course of the appropriations process. I want to assure everybody that nothing will not be done because the money was not available. To date, the administration has been able to do ev-erything it wanted to do. This debate that we are having here today is actu-ally another step in that process. This moves us toward conference. My friends probably look on the Senate bill with more favor than they do the House bill. Fair enough. We will go to conference with the Senate. So the process is underway. It is moving as it should. When the administration asked for emergency funding, they immediately got a response from Chairman R
OGERS , saying: Spend whatever you need to spend right now. We will back you up. We have made good on that commit-ment. We are going to continue to make good on that commitment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. L
OWEY ). Mrs. LOWEY. As my colleague knows, I have great respect for the dis-tinguished chairman of the Labor-HHS Subcommittee, for which we don’t even have a number right now, so we don’t know how much we have to spend. But I also would like to respond to your comments about we have enough now, we may have enough next year. We don’t in the United States of Amer-ica respond to crises on the installment plan. As you well know, Dr. Frieden and Dr. Fauci have said: This is the re-quest. We need the money. This isn’t extra money that we are requesting. This is what the experts have requested to address this crisis now. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, let me just again make clear so that every-body understands this that this House Republican Zika bill provides less than one-third of the funds requested by the President to respond to the Zika threat. The House bill also cuts the re-quest for research and development of vaccines, treatments, and diagnostics by $132 million, or 28.4 percent. The House bill does not replace the more than $40 million taken from States and cities for public health and emergency preparedness that HHS was forced to move into the Zika response due to the inaction by Congress. The House bill also does not replace the more than $500 million taken from Ebola funds that HHS was forced to move into Zika response due to Con-gress’ inaction. Finally, to make matters worse, the House bill rescinds $622 million to pay for the Zika package, including taking an additional $352 million from Ebola. So the total being taken from Ebola ef-forts under the House Republican ap-proach reaches nearly $900 million. Now, I appreciate the fact that we don’t want to keep on adding to our na-tional credit card, but we have no prob-lem adding tens of billions of dollars to the national credit card for war. Well, this is also a war, a war for the health and welfare of the American people and for the health and welfare of many women and children in this coun-try. This is a big deal. This is an emer-gency. Shame on us for not stepping up to the plate and doing what is right. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, there has been a great deal of discussion this morning about the Ebola fund and how it is being used and in what ways it is going to be used. Let me just go back and make a few points to clarify that situation. When Congress acted, it appropriated almost $6 billion for Ebola. That money was to be spent over years. It wasn’t really clear whether it was too much or, frankly, not enough. We sim-ply didn’t know. Now, the reality is, even after the amounts of money that my friend has talked about that have been shifted from Ebola to deal with Zika, that fund still has over $1.7 billion in it, more than enough to finance all the planned activity not only for this fiscal year, but all of next fiscal year. This is a multiyear fund. When you are in an emergency, it makes sense to take money like that and move it over, particularly with the assurance that that money will be replaced, as needed, in the regular appropriations process. The administration itself is doing the same thing. In its own budget, it pro-posed taking money out of the Ebola fund and spending it on something else that it thought was more immediate. So the idea that this is somehow un-precedented or different than what the administration is doing is simply not true. Now, the reality is—again, my friends seem to imply or perhaps be-lieve that there is something that hasn’t been done to date that the Fed-eral Government wanted to do on Zika. That is not true. They have had the funds to do every-thing they have wanted to do. They will continue to have the funds to do everything they want to do. So to sug-gest that somehow they are not being funded is just not the case. Frankly, we have effectively in the Zika bill advance funded money for the NIH to actually begin research and have given them all the money in that bill they asked for for next fiscal year on the vaccine side of this. So we will continue to work the proc-ess. We will continue to make sure that the resources are available to fight Zika because we all believe it is a dan-ger. We will continue to do it in a re-sponsible way by using the funds that are available, putting them on an im-mediate problem, and replenishing ac-counts as we need to. Again, I remind my friends that that is something the administration itself has been doing not only with Ebola funds, but with other funds, when it has moved emergency response money to the global climate fund. I mean, goodness, that was $500 million that, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.009 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3276 May 26, 2016 
had it been left there, would have been available right now for Zika for the re-sponse in other parts of the world. So it is easy to get lost in the thicket of numbers here and this much from this pot and this much from that pot. The reality is, number one, every-thing that the Federal Government has wanted to do to date they have had the money to do. Number two, it has been paid for. Number three, we are proposing to continue that, making sure they have all the funds that are needed, as need-ed, but we pay for them. Number four, we are actually moving the process forward to sit down with the Senate by passing this rule and the underlying legislation and going to conference and actually hammering out a common bill that will be accept-able to all sides. I appreciate the concern. I know it is genuine, quite frankly, but I also know that we are acting and acting effec-tively to deal with the problem. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the Demo-cratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his forceful arguments against this reck-less rule that is before us today. I rise, Mr. Speaker, in strong opposi-tion to the rule and, really, in a state of wonderment, wonderment about how on earth this Congress of the United States can be so insensitive to a chal-lenge to the American people. It is our responsibility to honor our preamble to the Constitution, to pro-mote the general welfare. That is in the preamble of our Constitution, which we take an oath to defend. The distinguished gentleman from Oklahoma, whom I respect, said just be patient. No. No. Ninety-four days since the President of the United States asked for the amount of resources nec-essary to address the Zika crisis, an amount of money that was requested by the scientists, documented by the urgency of this challenge for the re-search and for the prevention and for the resources needed to address this public health emergency. I rise not only as the House Demo-cratic leader, I rise as a mother and a grandmother, and I speak to parents and grandparents in this body because that is all I am allowed to speak to. The questions that I have for you are: How can we ignore the President’s sci-entifically based request expressed in the words of Dr. Fauci, the Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National In-stitutes of Health, a person, a healthcare leader in our country, a re-searcher, a scientist who has been de-scribed by President George Herbert Walker Bush as a hero—as a hero—in his work for the American people and their public health? Dr. Fauci says: If we don’t get the money that the President has asked for, the $1.9 billion, that is going to have a very serious negative impact on our ability to get the job done. Another scientist, Dr. Tom Frieden, Director of the Centers for Disease Control, the public health agency to stop this threat, said: Never before in history has there been a situation where a bite from a mosquito can re-sult in devastating fetal malformation. Testimony went on to say that we are talking about children with irre-versible brain damage who will never be able to walk, talk, see, or hear, chil-dren whose care over a lifetime is esti-mated to cost more than $10 million. The money is one thing. The devasta-tion to that child and to that family is far more consequential. So the $1.9 bil-lion is a great deal of money. It is an emergency. It is a small price to pay to prevent irreversible brain damage in our children. It is a small price to pay instead of saying to fami-lies: Don’t think about having children now because of this epidemic. The Republicans are treating the threat of Zika with so little serious-ness that they decided to use the crisis as an opportunity to eliminate protec-tions for the water that our children drink. The so-called Zika Vector Control Act the Republicans are adding to this package this morning that they are asking you to vote for is nothing but a longstanding and craven repackaged Republican effort to gut the Clean Water Act. It is a pesticide Trojan horse that will do nothing to protect Americans from Zika. This is really a dishonoring of our re-sponsibility to protect and defend our fellow Americans. As our distinguished member of the Committee on Rules mentioned, this is a defense issue. It is about protecting the American people. This proposal today puts forth one- third of what the President has asked for—one-third. People say: Aren’t you happy with one-third of a loaf? It is not one-third of a loaf. It is one-third of a shoe. You cannot get there from here with one-third. It is really an insult to the scientists who have spoken out. Actually, it is one-third of the President’s request, but it is one-fifth of what the CDC has requested for the public health activi-ties. We must elevate the importance of the public health responsibility that we have. If we had a natural disaster, FEMA has funds to come to the rescue of the American people. That is our compact with the American people, to help them in ways that they could never help themselves because of the scope of the challenge. This is no less a challenge. In fact, it would probably result in more loss of life, malformation of unborn children. On top of that, think of the negative impact it will have, distrust to travel to certain regions in our country. This is so reckless. Just when I thought I had seen it all on the part of the Republicans in the Congress to dis-regard meeting the needs of the Amer-ican people, along comes this incom-prehensible explanation to anybody why this might be a proposal worthy of the floor of the House, worthy of the public health challenge to the Amer-ican people, worthy of our concerns about the American people. b1000 My Republican colleagues, you have outdone yourselves today. What you are doing is reckless. In this bill, we should be meeting this challenge the way we meet emergencies: with ade-quate resources, which will end up sav-ing money because they will be an in-vestment in the health of the American people. It has been over 90 days since the President has made the request. I will just say this one other thing. It is not our role to instill fear, but we have to face the challenge in a very clear-eyed way. The virus from this mosquito is sexually transmitted. We have no idea—it could be as long as 18 months—how long it would reside in a gentleman who might be bitten by the mosquito. It could be over a year, it could be shorter, but it is not one night. Secondly, if you get bitten by this mosquito when you travel someplace where it might be pervasive, you not only get bitten yourself, you bring it home. Again, it is sexually trans-mitted. It is transmitted in even more perva-sive ways. Any other garden variety mosquito that would bite you, who have already been bitten by the other mosquito, now is a carrier of that virus. We turn garden variety mosqui-toes into an army on the assault of the public health of the American people. So, again, as a mother and a grand-mother, as a parent, and for the fathers and grandfathers who serve here, think of the children, think of the risk, think of the responsibility that we have. Think of the irresponsibility of this bill before us today and the reckless disregard for public health in our coun-try that the Republicans are putting forth in this legislation, and vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire as to how much time we have re-maining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oklahoma has 13 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Massa-chusetts has 11 minutes remaining. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by say-ing I also have a great deal of respect for the distinguished minority leader. She used in her remarks and made the point that the President had asked for a number of things. Last year, the President asked for a billion dollars more for the NIH. We said: You know, we didn’t think you asked for enough, so we are going to give you $2 billion. Somehow, that seems to get lost. Last year, the President sent down his request for the Centers for Disease 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 May 26, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.010 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3277 May 26, 2016 
Control. We said: You know, we don’t think you are spending enough on pub-lic health, Mr. President. We are going to spend more money than you asked for. This year, when the President sub-mitted his budget, he decided: I am going to take a billion dollars of dis-cretionary spending away from the Na-tional Institutes of Health and spend it someplace else. We said: No, Mr. President; we think that is pretty reckless. By the way, my Democratic friends agreed with that, too. We said: We are not going to let you take a billion dollars of discretionary money away from the NIH and spend it someplace else. We are going to keep it right there. And, by the way, we are going to put more money than you asked for in this agency when the bill comes out, and we are probably going to do the same thing for the Centers for Disease Control. So, to suggest that the President hasn’t gotten what he has asked for is to, frankly, misstate the facts. We have had a great deal of mention that the President has had the request for 94 days. What we have not had is one shred of evidence that, in those 94 days, he has not had the money to do every single thing he wanted to do. In-deed, the chairman of the committee urged him to start spending money im-mediately to do that. So there has been no loss of effort, and the bill in front of us now funds it for the rest of the fiscal year. It also funds the research on the vaccine at the NIH into next year. So, again, I am just going to simply disagree with my friend that money has not been available. It has been available; and, frankly, to the appro-priate agencies, more money has been available than the President has asked for. More money will be available next year than he asked for. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the distinguished chairman of the Rules Committee and my good friend. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman, not only a member of the Rules Committee, but an appropriator who is directly in line with and understands the needs of not only the American people as it relates to the NIH, but also the funding mech-anisms. Mr. Speaker, I stand up to really dis-agree with the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia. To call my party and our efforts reckless and irresponsible, I believe, is unfair. I believe it is unfair because, last night at the Rules Committee, we had this virtually same discussion. And the discussion started with me when I said that I had Republicans and Democrats, only Monday, with the Director of NIH, Dr. Francis Collins, and the Director of the Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Dr. Anthony Fauci, and we talked directly about this issue. What we learned, Mr. Speaker, is that there was a request for additional money and that the NIH had some $600 million that was sitting in a fund from Ebola that had not been completely used. A determination was made—in-cluding the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), H ALROGERS , and N ITA L
OWEY , who were engaged in the deci-sion—that said we will allow the money to be switched over if you would like to do that. Switch it over and use that money for this specific event that we are now looking at. What happened is they used the money very quickly. They accelerated spending the money— that is fine; we want them to do what they need to do—some $600 million. As soon as that was known, the gen-tlewoman Mrs. L
OWEY , the gentleman Mr. R
OGERS , and the gentleman Mr. C
OLEwent about looking at a request to fill for the next 5 months what would be some $1.2 billion that would be spent just this year remaining—we are in May—just until the end of Sep-tember. The President asked for $1.9 billion for 5 years, and we gave $1.2 billion of that $1.9 for 5 months. We are accel-erating the money that is necessary to NIH. The minority leader outlined how terrible this destructive behavior can be to a child, to an embryo. We agree. But to suggest that Republicans are reckless is not fair. What is fair to say is that we are re-sponding appropriately, we are re-sponding immediately, and we are put-ting it together before we are gone next week on a district work period. We are doing it this week. We are mov-ing it as quickly as possibly. If we weren’t, we would be accused of the re-verse, evidently. Mr. Speaker, the Republican Party, the gentleman Mr. C
OLE, the gen-tleman Mr. R
OGERS , and our Speaker care about people. We are doing the right thing. Now, in the Rules Committee, the gentleman Dr. M
ICHAEL BURGESS , ac-knowledged some other frailties that he sees from the administration’s point, and that would be: Where is the alert to cities? Where is the adminis-trative action to say let’s do something about alerting travelers? Where is the information that is going to public health officials? Where are we pre-paring ourselves to look at what would happen in Brazil? What is the adminis-tration doing other than just accusing us of not spending more money? Mr. Speaker, we all live in glass houses. We need to look at this the same way, and calling each other names is not a way to get there. So, Mr. C
OLEwill be responsible and reasonable; H
ALROGERS , the chairman of our Appropriations Committee, will responsible. I said to my committee last night, as quickly as we need to get together, the Rules Committee will come in, even if it is on an emergency basis, to handle this, based upon a re-quest. And that is what we are going to do. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), the rank-ing member of the Appropriations Sub-committee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I just will say, what my colleague, Mr. S
ES-
SIONS , just said: that the NIH had $600 million in unused Ebola money, that really is false. The NIH has used all of its Ebola funds that Congress allo-cated. So the statement of the gen-tleman from Texas is not factual. The Zika virus is a public health emergency. It is a crisis, and we must treat it as such. As of last week, there were almost 1,400 confirmed cases of Zika in the United States and its terri-tories. Nearly 300 of them are pregnant women. And one person has died. This Congress, when we appropriate money for defense or defense spending or for wars, Republicans say: Listen to the generals in the field; they are the ones who know best. Well, we are in the midst of a war against the Zika virus, and we should be listening to the generals and the experts in the field. And who are they? They are at the Cen-ters for Disease Control; they are at the National Institutes of Health; and they are the scientists in our country. We need to give them the resources that they need, and they have told us that they need $1.9 billion. We should do the right thing. We should fund their request. One-third of that re-quest, which is what the House Repub-licans have proposed, is not adequate. Typically, microcephaly occurs in 0.02 percent to 0.12 percent of all U.S. births, but The Washington Post re-ported yesterday that, among Zika-in-fected pregnant women, that risk is as high as 13 percent. This summer, every woman who is pregnant or trying to get pregnant will be afraid: afraid to go out on the patio, afraid to take your kids to the Little League, afraid to go to a barbecue. It is our duty here to do everything that we can to ease those fears, to stop this dis-ease from spreading any further. We must not put American women in a predicament of choosing whether or not they should get pregnant or, if they are already pregnant, wondering whether or not their baby is going to be okay. Ron Klain, the Ebola czar, wrote in The Washington Post: ‘‘It is not a ques-tion of whether babies will be born in the United States with Zika-related microcephaly—it is a question of when and how many. For years to come, these children will be a visible, human reminder of the cost of absurd wran-gling in Washington, of preventable suffering, of a failure of our political system to respond to the threat that infectious diseases pose.’’ According to the CDC, pregnant women are already facing unacceptably long delays in learning Zika results. CDC Director Tom Frieden has said that experts estimate a single child with birth defects can usually cost $10 million to care for—or more. That says 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.012 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3278 May 26, 2016 
nothing about the life of that child with microcephaly. They cannot eat; they cannot speak; they cannot walk. I do not often quote Senator M
ARCO  R
UBIO, but last week, he said: 
It is a mistake for Congress to try to deal with the Zika virus on the cheap. If we don’t spend money on the front end, I think we are going to spend a lot more later, because this problem is not going away. 
We could not agree more. We have stolen $44 million from our States to deal with this crisis, and the Repub-lican bill does not reimburse our States for the money that they need for deal-ing with emergencies such as this. We should defeat the previous ques-tion, and we should consider the Lowey-DeLauro-Wasserman Schultz amendment and fully fund the Presi-dent’s request of $1.9 billion. It is the responsible and moral thing to do. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
UCAS ). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 sec-onds. Ms. D
ELAURO. Months from now, when the results of our inaction be-come apparent, we will ask ourselves: Why did we delay? Why did we wait? We must take appropriate action now. We must reject the previous ques-tion. We must do what is the morally right thing for the people of this coun-try who put their faith and trust in us to come and represent their best inter-ests and the public health. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire as to how much time remains? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oklahoma has 7 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Massa-chusetts has 6
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), the Democratic whip. b1015 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I want to thank Ms. D
ELAURO , the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies. Mr. Speaker, this is the story in The Washington Post. It is front page. It is about the crisis that we confront, about the danger to Americans’ health, about the dangers that young children will be born with microcephaly. Dr. Frieden, the head of our commu-nicable disease operation and defense force, if you will, says it will cost $10 million per baby born with microcephaly; $10 million per child. That does not count the heartache that will be counted. I want to tell my friend, Mr. C
OLE— and he is a dear friend and a good legis-lator—the action you take today belies the representation you have made. What do I mean by that? If there is enough money now, as Mr. C
OLEargues, why take this action? This was not scheduled earlier this week. This was not have a rule until 9:30 last night. So if the gentleman’s proposition is correct, that there are sufficient funds right now, we don’t need to act on this bill today. So why, my friends, are we acting on it today? Because the public believes we ought to act. And the Republicans are trying to protect themselves against the at-tack, that they took no action until 94 days into the President’s request be-cause, if Mr. COLEis right, we need not worry: there is plenty of money avail-able. But they know the American people don’t agree with that. So 9:30, in the dead of night, they passed this rule, brought it to the floor so that they can say: Oh, we have acted. Nothing, my friends, will happen as a result of what we do today. The Senate passed a bill with 69 votes, $1.1 billion, not taking from Ebola defense, not taking from the other health needs of America, as our bill does, but saying: this is an emergency. Now, very frankly, my friends on your side of the aisle, Mr. C
OLE, when you want $18 billion from defense, you have no problem not paying for it. You take it from OCO, which is not scored. No problem. But when the President asks for $1.9 billion, about a tenth of that, well, my goodness, this is a prob-lem. It is, after all, not the Taliban. It is not Iran. We have to protect against that. It is a health crisis in America, and we have fiddled for 94 days. If, in fact, Mr. C
OLE’s representation is correct, there is no need to act. But if the actions that they are taking speak loudly that, yes, there is a need to tell the American people: we get it; there is a crisis; we are going to act, the problem is nothing will happen as a result of this action, other than a bill will go over to the Senate, with which the Senate does not agree. They passed a bill with 69 votes. Half of the Repub-licans, all of the Democrats, said we need the $1.1 billion. Now, the President asked for $1.9 bil-lion, but what they didn’t do is steal from Ebola, steal from other health priorities. And I hear the gentleman talking about how much money is out there, but if that is true, why did we need to act in the dead of night last night and today, just as we walk out the door? We have not dealt with Zika. We will not have dealt with Zika. We haven’t acted on the Puerto Rican debt. We haven’t acted on a budget resolution. We haven’t acted on the Flint water crisis. We haven’t acted on criminal justice reform. And we haven’t acted on the Voting Rights Act. This is a cover vote. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to reply to my very good friend from Maryland, whom I have not only great esteem for, but, frankly, great personal affection for, and I want to respond to his question. This is not a cover vote. First of all, the main item here is ac-tually veterans and military construc-tion that is over $83 billion; that, through normal order, is moving for-ward. Now, to also move the Zika bill with it makes a lot of sense. Frankly, one of the things in this bill—and I disagree with my friend’s characterization—we want to make sure that misguided environmental regulations don’t stop us from deploy-ing pesticides that we may need. That is in this bill. That is pretty important to move forward. The funding is also important. Now, my friends seem to forget, again, the long record here of who has been will-ing to support the NIH and who has been willing to support the CDC. We gave the NIH twice what the President asked for in additional new money last year. That is being spent right now, by the way. We also gave the Centers for Disease Control more money than the President asked for. This year, when the President tried to take $1 billion of discretionary money away from the NIH, both Republicans and Democrats on the Appropriations Committee said: No, Mr. President, we are not going to let you raid NIH and take money away and weaken the healthcare apparatus of the United States. I made the point then—and I can as-sure my friends we will be happy to back it up—that we will put more money into NIH this year for next fis-cal year than the President actually requests. Now, in terms of Zika, the moment there was a crisis, the chairman of this committee, H
ALROGERS , immediately sent a letter to the President and said: Spend all the money you need. There are whole pots of it in different spots. We will replace the dollars as they are needed. So taking money out of funds that were meant to be spent over years and using them in immediate crises is not unusual. Indeed, the administration itself has done this twice in recent months: once taking $500 million from the Emergency Response Fund in the Department of State and spending it on climate change, instead of an emer-gency response; $40 million in their own budget out of Ebola money that they were going to spend on malaria money. I don’t condemn them for that, by the way. They just simply were using something and they said: This is an ac-count that is going to take several years. We want to deal with malaria right now. Let’s take some of that money. If we have got a problem later, we will fix it. That is all that is going on here. At the end of the day, the amount of re-sources that are necessary will be made available. The only difference here is one side wants to pay for it and not add to the national debt. The other side really doesn’t think that is a big con-sideration. That is a debate worth hav-ing. I don’t mind having that debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.013 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3279 May 26, 2016 
But we heard the word ‘‘reckless’’ earlier. It is also shameless to exploit a crisis for political gain, and I think we are seeing some of that here today. Some of it is sincere, but some of it is great theatrics. It doesn’t change the fact that when the President made his request, he has had every dime he has needed for that 94 days. When my friends say the Republican bill only provides a third of the money, they somehow forget a third had al-ready been provided. This is the second third. The rest of it will come. The money is to be spent as the administra-tion requested, not over weeks or days, but over months and years. That is how they have proposed to deploy it. So giv-ing them the money as they need it in-stead of writing them a blank check and not even paying for it ahead of time seems to us to be the prudent and responsible thing to do. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Thomas Frieden, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, just recently said in response to the way this House has handled funding for the Zika crisis: ‘‘This is no way to fight an epidemic. Three months is an eternity for control of an outbreak. There is a narrow win-dow of opportunity here and it’s clos-ing. Every day that passes makes it harder to stop Zika.’’ So whether it is Dr. Frieden, or Dr. Fauci, or any of our Nation’s leading scientists or medical experts who all say that what is going on here today is grossly inadequate, my friends on the other side of the aisle seem to think that they know more than our sci-entists and medical experts; at least they have convinced themselves that they know more. Well, they haven’t convinced me and they haven’t convinced the majority of the American people who are watching this in disbelief. This is an emergency. This is a crisis. Why aren’t we acting more aggres-sively? I include in the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD a letter to Congress from the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and our National Security Adviser, in which they talk about the importance of multi-year funding, long-term funding because they have multiyear commitments that they need to make to the private sector in order to prioritize Zika, in order to de-velop vaccines and other prevention to protect the American people. 
THEWHITE HOUSE , Washington, DC, April 26, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: As you are aware, on February 22, the Administration transmitted to Congress its formal request for $1.9 billion in emergency supplemental funding to ad-dress the public health threat posed by the Zika virus. Sixty-four days have passed since this initial request; yet still Congress has not acted. Since the time the Administration trans-mitted its request, the public health threat posed by the Zika virus has increased. After careful review of existing evidence, sci-entists at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) concluded that the Zika virus is a cause of microcephaly and other severe fetal brain defects. The Zika virus has spread in Puerto Rico, American Samoa, the U.S. Virgin Islands and abroad. As of April 20, there were 891 confirmed Zika cases in the continental United States and U.S. territories, including 81 pregnant women with confirmed cases of Zika. Based on similar experiences with other diseases transmitted by the Aedes aegypti mosquito— believed to be the primary carrier of the Zika virus—scientists at the CDC expect there could be local transmission within the continental U.S. in the summer months. Up-dated estimate range maps show that these mosquitoes have been found in cities as far north as San Francisco, Kansas City and New York City. In the absence of action from Congress to address the Zika virus, the Administration has taken concrete and aggressive steps to help keep America safe from this growing public health threat. The Administration is working closely with State and local govern-ments to prepare for outbreaks in the conti-nental United States and to respond to the current outbreak in Puerto Rico and other U.S. territories. We are expanding mosquito control surveillance and laboratory capac-ity; developing improved diagnostics as well as vaccines; supporting affected expectant mothers, and supporting other Zika response efforts in Puerto Rico, the U.S. territories, the continental United States, and abroad. These efforts are crucial, but they are costly and they fall well outside of current agency appropriations. To meet these immediate needs, the Administration conducted a care-ful examination of existing Ebola balances and identified $510 million to redirect to-wards Zika response activities. We have also redirected an additional $79 million from other activities. This reprogramming, while necessary, is not without cost. It is particu-larly painful at a time when state and local public health departments are already strained. While this immediate infusion of resources is necessary to enable the Administration to take critical first steps in our response to the public health threat posed by Zika, it is insufficient. Without significant additional appropriations this summer, the Nation’s ef-forts to comprehensively respond to the dis-ease will be severely undermined. In par-ticular, the Administration may need to sus-pend crucial activities, such as mosquito control and surveillance in the absence of emergency supplemental funding. State and local governments that manage mosquito control and response operations will not be able to hire needed responders to engage in mosquito mitigation efforts. Additionally, the Administration’s ability to move to the next phase of vaccine development, which requites multi-year commitments from the Government to encourage the private sector to prioritize Zika research and development, could be jeopardized. Without emergency supplemental funding, the development of faster and more accurate diagnostic tests also will be impeded. The Administration may not be able to conduct follow up of chil-dren born to pregnant women with Zika to better understand the range of Zika impacts, particularly those health effects that are not evident at birth. The supplemental request is also needed to replenish the amounts that we are now spending from our Ebola accounts to fund Zika-related activities. This will ensure we have sufficient contingency funds to ad-dress unanticipated needs related to both Zika and Ebola. As we have seen with both Ebola and Zika, there are still many un-knowns about the science and scale of the outbreak and how it will impact mothers, babies, and health systems domestically and abroad. The Administration is pleased to learn that there is bipartisan support for providing emergency funding to address the Zika cri-sis, but we remain concerned about the ade-quacy and speed of this response. To properly protect the American public, and in par-ticular pregnant women and their newborns, Congress must fund the Administration’s re-quest of $1.9 billion and find a path forward to address this public health emergency im-mediately. The American people deserve ac-tion now. With the summer months fast ap-proaching, we continue to believe that the Zika supplemental should not be considered as part of the regular appropriations process, as it relates to funding we must receive this year in order to most effectively prepare for and mitigate the impact of the virus. We urge you to pass free-standing emer-gency supplemental funding legislation at the level requested by the Administration before Congress leaves town for the Memo-rial Day recess. We look forward to working with you to protect the safety and health of all Americans. Sincerely, SHAUN DONOVAN , Director, The Office of Management and Budget. S
USAN RICE, National Security Ad-visor. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, what we are doing here today represents a failure, a miserable failure. This rep-resents a failure of this Congress to do everything humanly possible to protect the people of this country. It is shame-ful. It is unbelievable. A rigid, right-wing ideology is trump-ing common sense, is trumping doing what is right, what I think most of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle understand. We need to aggressively fight this crisis. And here is the deal: if we don’t get this right, all the talk about fiscal responsibility and controlling the debt goes out the window because the cost of this crisis getting out of control is astronomical. Mr. Speaker, my friends on the other side of the aisle can explain away or ra-tionalize or justify this inadequate re-sponse all they want, but it is reckless and irresponsible. And for the life of me, I can’t under-stand why on this issue, as we are con-fronted with this health crisis, we all can’t come together and do what is right. When it comes to wars halfway around the world, nobody cares about paying for it; but when it comes to a war to confront a healthcare epidemic, crisis, to confront an epidemic, my friends can’t find the money. Please vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can actually have an amendment to properly fund this. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question and ‘‘no’’ on the rule. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.014 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3280 May 26, 2016 
I want to respond quickly to some of my friend’s points, Mr. Speaker, and I want to go back to the essential reality that we are facing. Number 1, last year, when the Presi-dent asked for $1 billion more for NIH, we said: That is not enough. We are going to give you two. Last year the President submitted a request for CDC. We looked at it and said: You know, it is not enough. You evidently don’t care enough about pub-lic health, Mr. President. We are going to spend more money. This year he brought us a request to try and take $1 billion of discretionary funding away from NIH. My friends on the other side were as appalled as we were. We said: No, Mr. President, you are not going to take $1 billion out of NIH in a dangerous time of disease. We are not only going to keep that money there, we are going to put more money, additional money than you asked for. We said the same thing about the CDC, and so we will do it. In terms of what has been done, the minute the Zika virus appeared and the administration asked for emergency money, H
ALROGERS , the chairman of the committee, responded and said: Spend whatever it takes. And, indeed, the administration has done that. My friends seem to suggest that there is something that hasn’t been done, yet they never tell us what that one thing is. The reality is the administration has had the money to do everything it has wanted to do. This bill provides more money on top of that. Our Senators are proposing even more, so we go to con-ference to figure out the appropriate amount and whether or not and to what degree it should be paid for. I would hope it is all paid for. It should be because we have the funds to do that. So to suggest that there is some sort of failure of funding is simply not true, and my friends know it is not true. To suggest that we are not willing to put the money here would suggest that re-cent history has no relevance, because we have put more money here than the President asked us to put, and we have committed to put even more going for-ward. The only difference here, and what drives my friends into a frenzy, is that we actually want to pay for this. They simply don’t. They think, let’s just put another $1.9 billion on the national credit card. This is a great excuse to do that. Well, we are not prepared to do that, but we are prepared to respond to the legitimate needs of the American peo-ple and use the resources that we have. So, Mr. Speaker, in closing, I agree with my colleagues on the other side. We should address the issue. We dis-agree with the other body on how to do it, and we will go on from there. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to work-ing with my colleagues in conference on these important issues. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
AN AMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 751 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  On page 2, line 4, insert ‘‘as modified by the amendment specified in section 2 of this resolution’’ before the semicolon. At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new section: S
EC.2. The amendment referred to in sec-tion 1(a) is as follows: Strike divisions B and C and insert the text of H.R. 5044 as intro-duced. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 743 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5055. Will the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
IBBLE ) kindly take the chair. b1030 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. R
IBBLE (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole House rose on May 25, 2016, an amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ) had been disposed of and the bill had been read through 80, line 15. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I move that the Committee do now rise and re-port the bill back to the House with sundry amendments, with the rec-ommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amend-ed, do pass. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
UCAS ) having assumed the chair, Mr. R
IBBLE Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, directed him to report the bill back to the House with sundry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.016 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3281 May 26, 2016 
amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole, with the recommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under House Resolution 743, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. LANGEVIN. I am opposed to the bill in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Langevin moves to recommit the bill H.R. 5055 to the Committee on Appropria-tions with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the fol-lowing amendment: In the ‘‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ account on page 53, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $20,000,000)’’. In the ‘‘Federal Salaries and Expenses’’ ac-count on page 54, line 14, after the dollar amount relating to the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration, insert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Rhode Island is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which would not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, this amendment is sim-ple. It adds $20 million to nuclear non-proliferation accounts so that nuclear materials do not fall into the wrong hands. The possibility that terrorists or rogue nations will acquire nuclear weapons, fissile material, or radio-logical material that could be used in a dirty bomb are among the gravest threats facing our Nation and the international community. Right now, luckily—though there are, of course, exceptions—these most dangerous weapons are in the hands of responsible actors. We cannot allow that dynamic to shift, and we must en-sure that these weapons never fall into the hands of bad actors who would seek to do us or the rest of the international community harm. However, today, there is more fissile material in the world than at any other time in our history, and the bad actors are taking notice. According to several studies conducted at Harvard, at least two terrorist groups—al Qaeda and the Japanese terror cult Aum Shinrikyo—have made serious efforts to buy, steal, or otherwise obtain nu-clear weapons in recent years. There is clear evidence that ISIL would, if given the opportunity, strive to do us great harm. After all, it only takes a grapefruit-sized amount of highly enriched uranium to make a nu-clear weapon, and there are hundreds of metric tons of material out there, some of which is still vulnerable to theft. Now, according to reports, ISIL has been monitoring a senior official of a Belgian facility, by way of example, with substantial stocks of highly en-riched uranium. We absolutely cannot assume the risk that the United States would be ambushed by a rogue nuclear threat, and we must not leave ourselves ex-posed to a threat that would forever change our American way of life. While we can never protect against every threat, we can, however, mitigate it by working with our international part-ners, Federal agencies, national labora-tories, and the private sector to more quickly secure and eliminate vulner-able nuclear materials. Small investments, such as the ones offered in this amendment, can yield significant national security benefits. By moving $20 million into the Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation account, we would ultimately make our country— and the world—a safer place to live. Mr. Speaker, Congress has worked across the aisle on this issue many times before, and we have seen some incredible success stories that have a profound impact on the security of our nuclear materials. During the fiscal year 2012 Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill, the House approved an amend-ment—by a voice vote, no less—offered by Congressman F
ORTENBERRY and Congresswoman S
A´NCHEZ to do exactly what this motion to recommit seeks to do today. Their amendment to increase appro-priations for the Global Threat Reduc-tion Initiative under the Defense Nu-clear Nonproliferation account was en-thusiastically supported on both sides of this Chamber, securing an important bipartisan victory for the international effort to secure vulnerable fissile mate-rial and keeping our Nation safe from the threat of nuclear terrorism. Mr. Speaker, this House did not cower when faced with this challenge back then, and we must not do so today. Let today be another one of those bipartisan success stories. Let us redouble our efforts to prevent the pro-liferation and catastrophic abuse of sensitive nuclear materials and tech-nologies across the globe and here at home. I beseech my fellow Members, adopt this amendment, keep our Nation safe, and deny the nuclear terrorists who would seek to do us harm their own success story. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5055, is a good bill that invests $37.4 bil-lion in priorities we can all support— national security, critical water re-sources, infrastructure projects for our districts, and energy independence— through an all-of-the-above approach. First and foremost, this legislation is a defense bill. $19.44 billion out of the 37.4 billion, or 51 percent, is dedicated toward our national security. Carrying out our Nation’s nuclear deterrence mission is, in part, the responsibility of the Department of Energy; while DOD provides delivery vehicles and opera-tors, DOE provides nuclear warheads themselves. Congress provides funding for this critical defense mission through the Energy and Water Development Appro-priations bill. As we drafted this bill, we carefully considered 2,700 Member requests. This legislation addresses 95 percent of those requests in one form or another. This included four requests from Democratic Members to fund non-proliferation programs at the budget request level of $1.8 billion, which this bill does. I agree that nonproliferation is a critical part of our overall nuclear de-fense strategy. We need to be doing ev-erything we can to keep dangerous nu-clear materials away from rogue na-tions and terrorists. Extra funding for DOE nonproliferation programs, how-ever, is not the only way to do this. We must also provide for a strong defense capability, and this bill accomplishes that. While I appreciate the passion for the nonproliferation and securing these materials abroad, I would also like to see the same passion for securing these materials at home. While the prospect of a terrorist getting hold of nuclear materials in the Middle East, Africa, or East Asia is terrifying, the prospect of them getting ahold of these materials in Tennessee, Texas, or California is even more so. In 2012, three peace activists—a drift-er, an 82-year-old nun, and a house painter—penetrated the exterior of the Y–12 National Security Complex in Tennessee, supposedly one of the most secure nuclear facilities in the United States. If they had been terrorists armed with explosives, that scenario would be frightening to imagine. That is why this funding in this bill is so critical. The bill increases funding $30 million above the request to improve security at aging nuclear weapons facilities to make sure our own nuclear materials are secure on our home soil and address a backlog of $2 billion in security up-grades needed at nuclear weapons fa-cilities. In a tight fiscal environment, we need to be making these investments at our own nuclear facilities, not spending American taxpayer dollars to perform work in Russia’s nuclear fa-cilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.019 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3282 May 26, 2016 
In addition to these investments, the bill also continues prohibitions on funding for nonproliferation projects in Russia, which is spending billions of dollars on its own nuclear moderniza-tion. In all, this is a fiscally responsible, economically smart, and critically im-portant national security bill. It de-serves to be passed quickly without further changes or delays. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this motion and to sup-port the underlying bill. Lastly, let me say, Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate every Member of this body, on both sides of the aisle, for the 2 days of debate we have put in for the amend-ments that we have debated and the re-spectful debate that we have had on a lot of important issues. It has been a good debate, and I look forward to see-ing my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who had some of their amend-ments adopted now voting for this bill because of the amendments that were adopted in the Committee of the Whole. So I would urge my colleagues to vote against this motion to recommit and vote for passage of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of H.R. 5055; ordering the previous question on House Resolu-tion 751; and adoption of House Resolu-tion 751, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 178, nays 236, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 265] YEAS—178 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NAYS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin NOT VOTING—19 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Cramer Duffy Fattah Fincher Franks (AZ) Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Lamborn O’Rourke Rangel Rice (NY) Takai Whitfield Yarmuth Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1103 Messrs. POE of Texas, SHUSTER, and ROHRABACHER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. EDWARDS, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, and Ms. M
CCOLLUM changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas and nays are ordered. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 112, nays 305, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 266] YEAS—112 
Ashford Barr Benishek Bishop (UT) Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Emmer (MN) Fitzpatrick Foxx Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Granger Green, Gene Grothman Hardy Hill Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Joyce Katko King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaHood Lance LoBiondo Love Lummis MacArthur Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Newhouse Nunes Paulsen Peterson Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Reed Reichert Renacci Rigell Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Royce Salmon Scalise Schweikert Shimkus Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Vela Walden Walters, Mimi Wilson (SC) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.020 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3283 May 26, 2016 
Womack Woodall Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NAYS—305 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crawford Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Yoder Yoho 
NOT VOTING—16 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Cramer Duffy Fattah Fincher Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Whitfield Yarmuth Zinke 
b1112 So the bill was not passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RELATING TO CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2577, TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 751) relating to consid-eration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 236, nays 180, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 267] YEAS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin NAYS—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY7.007 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3284 May 26, 2016 
Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—17 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Cramer Duffy Fattah Fincher Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Takai Thompson (MS) Whitfield Yarmuth Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1118 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 180, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 268] AYES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOT VOTING—20 
Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Cramer Duffy Eshoo Fattah Fincher Garrett Hanna Herrera Beutler Jenkins (KS) Lamborn O’Rourke Rice (NY) Simpson Takai Thompson (MS) Whitfield Yarmuth Zinke 
b1125 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 751, the House concurs in the Sen-ate amendment to H.R. 2577, with an amendment. 
f 
MOTION TO GO TO CONFERENCE ON H.R. 2577, TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 751, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Rogers of Kentucky moves that the House insist on its amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2577 and request a con-ference with the Senate thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Kentucky is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam Speaker, I rise today on the motion to go to conference on the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2577, which was originally the fiscal year 2016 Transportation-HUD Appro-priations Act. As amended, the legislation now con-tains H.R. 4974, the House-passed Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill of 2017; H.R. 5243, the Zika Response Appropriations Act; and H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Control Act. Madam Speaker, this is a good pack-age of bills that will ensure the care of our veterans, provide needed resources for our troops and their families, and allow for responsible, ample funding and authorities to fight the spread of the Zika virus. I urge my colleagues to support this motion so that a conference committee with the Senate can begin in short order and so that Congress can come to a final resolution on this critical legis-lation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ). The motion was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY7.008 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3285 May 26, 2016 
b1130 APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES ON H.R. 2577, TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the Chair appoints the fol-lowing conferees on H.R. 2577: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Ms. G
RANGER , Messrs. C OLE, DENT, FORTEN -
BERRY , ROONEY of Florida, V ALADAO , Mrs. R
OBY, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Messrs. S
ERRANO , BISHOP of Georgia, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . There was no objection. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES ON S. 2012, ENERGY POLICY MOD-ERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the Chair appoints the fol-lowing conferees on S. 2012: From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for the consideration of the Senate bill and the House amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. U
PTON , BARTON , WHIT-
FIELD , SHIMKUS , LATTA , Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , Messrs. O LSON , M CKINLEY , P
OMPEO , GRIFFITH , JOHNSON of Ohio, F
LORES , MULLIN , PALLONE , RUSH, Mrs. C
APPS , Mses. M ATSUI , CASTOR of Flor-ida, Messrs. S
ARBANES , W ELCH , B EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, T ONKO , and L
OEBSACK . From the Committee on Agriculture, for consideration of sections 3017, 3305, 4501, 4502, 5002, part II of subtitle C of title X, and section 10233 of the Senate bill, and sections 1116 and 5013 of Divi-sion A, Division B, and sections 1031, 1032, 1035–1037, subtitle K of title I, sec-tion 2013, subtitles F, M, and Q of title II, and title XXV of Division C of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. C
ON-
AWAY , THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and P
ETERSON . From the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for consideration of sections 2308, 3001, part II of title II, 3017, 3104, 3109, 3201, 3301–3306, 3308–3312, 4006, 4401, 4403, 4405, 4407, 4410, 4412–4414, title V, section 6001, subtitle A of title VI, sec-tion 6202, title VIII, title IX, subtitles A, B, and C of title X, parts I, II, III, and IV of subtitle D of title X, and sec-tions 10341 and 10345 of the Senate bill, and sections 1115 and 1116 of Division A, Division B, and Division C of the House amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. B
ISHOP of Utah, Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mrs. L UMMIS , Messrs. D
ENHAM , W ESTERMAN , G RI-
JALVA , HUFFMAN , and Mrs. D INGELL . From the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology for consider-ation of sections 1014, 1201, 1203, 1301– 1304, 1306–1308, 1310, 1311, 2002, 2301, 2401, part III of subtitle A of title III, sec-tions 3101, 3302, 3307, 3402, 3403, 3501, 3502, 4001, 4002, 4006, 4101, subtitle C of title IV, sections 4402, 4404, 4406, 4720, 4721, 4727, 4728, and 4737 of the Senate bill, and section 1109 of title VII of Di-vision A, and Division D of the House amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. SMITH of Texas, W
EBER of Texas, and Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. From the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure for consider-ation of sections 1005, 1006, 1010, 1014, 1016–1019, 1022, 3001, 4724, title VII, and section 10331 of the Senate bill and sec-tions 2007, 3116, 3117, and 3141 of Divi-sion A, and title IX of Division B, sub-title D of title II of Division C of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. H
ARDY , ZELDIN , and D EFAZIO. There was no objection. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LEAGUE AGAINST CANCER (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-er, today I rise to support La Liga Contra El Cancer—the League Against Cancer—and celebrate its 41st year of service. The League Against Cancer was founded in Miami in 1975 and provides free medical care for children and adults who have no financial means to combat their cancers. The league relies on doctors who volunteer their time to perform screenings and medical proce-dures. Since its founding, more than 60,000 people from 50 different countries have been served by La Liga Contra El Can-cer. The league’s annual tele-marathon will take place this Saturday, June 4, at the Miami-Dade County Fair-grounds. I encourage all south Floridians to take note of the great work that the League Against Cancer has accom-plished for our community and con-sider supporting their mission. 
f 
FOSTER YOUTH SHADOW DAY (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Madam Speaker, this week I was thrilled to participate in the fifth annual Foster Youth Shad-ow Day. It was truly an honor to host Randy Colon, a young man from my home State of Rhode Island, as my shadow. He is a bright young man full of poten-tial despite the many challenges he has faced. Randy is now studying to be-come a veterinarian while working full time. Unfortunately, success stories like his are all too rare, and we need to make sure that every child has the op-portunity to reach his or her full po-tential. This week I introduced the All Kids Matter Act, which directs funds to help children and families avoid the trauma of foster care placements in the first place and promotes family unity and stability. I would like to thank the gentle-woman from California (Ms. BASS) for organizing Foster Youth Shadow Day, and I urge all of my colleagues to join us in this endeavor next year. 
f 
MEMORIAL DAY (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Madam Speaker, as we approach Memorial Day weekend, we learn from the Book of Wisdom that ‘‘the souls of the just are in the hand of God, and no torment shall touch them.’’ They seemed, in the view of the fool-ish, to be dead; and their passing away was thought an affliction; and their going forth from us, utter destruction. But they are in peace. ‘‘For if before men, indeed, they be punished, yet is their hope full of im-mortality; Chastised a little, they shall be greatly blessed, because God tried them and found them worthy of him-self. ‘‘As gold in the furnace, he proved them, and as sacrificial offerings he took them to himself. In the time of their visitation they shall shine, and shall dart about as sparks through stubble; They shall judge nations and rule over peoples, and the Lord shall be their King forever. Those who trust in Him shall understand truth, and the faithful shall abide with Him in love: Because grace and mercy are with His holy ones, and His care is with the elect.’’ As we gather with our families this Memorial Day weekend, let us always be mindful of those who gave their lives for our country. May God bless them and their families always. 
f 
LOOKING FORWARD TO ELECTION SEASON (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.031 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3286 May 26, 2016 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, during this season when the American people are selecting the next Com-mander in Chief, I would like to offer that this is a time to discuss the issues of economic opportunity, a time for discussion of furthering health care, and working to create jobs for the American people. This is not the time for the presumptive nominee of the Re-publican Party to call for debates that are frivolous and for entertainment. We in the United States Congress have to do our jobs. We need to confirm the next United States Supreme Court Justice. The Senate needs to do its job under the Constitution. We need to pass $1.9 billion for the Zika virus be-cause right now 200-plus pregnant women are infected with the Zika virus here in the United States of America, and one child born with the impact of brain damage, no brain, will cost us $10 million, $1 million a year. It is time now that we respond in a responsible manner, and those who are seeking the Presidency of the United States must stop the frivolousness and the downgrading of the Constitution and the denigrating of the people of the United States of America. I look forward to a vigorous debate, and I look forward to an election in No-vember befitting the American people. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MS. JANE MAHARAM (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, Jane Maharam was, above all, a sur-vivor. She always rose above adversity. She was a teacher, a music producer, a textile owner, a mother, a grand-mother. She was happily married to her childhood sweetheart, but 31 years after her marriage, her husband took off in the darkness of the night with the property. After a 15-year court battle, her ex- husband was ordered to return her as-sets, but instead of following the court order, he snuck off again, hiding in an-other State. Jane was left with noth-ing. She was forced to rely on public assistance. There are many spouses like Jane who find themselves victims of this in-justice. Jane’s Law provides Federal enforcement to retrieve stolen marital property that is illegally taken across State lines. It targets stealing spouses who have deliberately evaded payment. Jane’s motto, though, was: Don’t give up. Her passion drove me and the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) along with a number of other House Members to champion Jane’s Law. Jane Maharam died recently on April 28, 2016, at the age of 85. She was a strong-spirited woman but, Madam Speaker, she died without justice. To honor her memory, we must pass Jane’s Law to rectify this injustice that she had to live through. And that is just the way it is. f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES. 752 Ms. LEE. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H. Res. 752. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
HIGHLIGHTING ASIAN PACIFIC AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH AND THE HARMFUL IMPACT OF POVERTY ON THE COMMUNITY (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Madam Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Asian Pacific Islander Heritage Month, but also to highlight the harmful impact of pov-erty on the AAPI community all across our Nation. In my home district—the beautiful East Bay—and across the Nation, the achievements of Asian Pacific Ameri-cans are front and center. By serving in elected office, advocating for equality and justice, and creating new busi-nesses, they are an integral part of our vibrant community. But far too many Asian Pacific Americans are just making ends meet. It is a struggle, and the American Dream seems far out of reach. The sad reality is that in 2016, poverty rates for Asian Americans is over 12 percent. And this problem is getting worse. Since the Great Recession, the AAPI community has had one of the fastest growing poverty rates in the Nation. There are also enormous disparities in healthcare access, treatment, and outcomes for the AAPI community. Too many Asian Pacific Americans still lack the fundamental human right that is health care. As chair of the Democratic Whip Task Force on Poverty, Income In-equality, and Opportunity, I will con-tinue to fight to help all hardworking Americans—all hardworking Ameri-cans—including the Asian Pacific American community, achieve the American Dream. 
f 
b1145 ZIKA VECTOR ACT (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to commend my colleagues for passing H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Act. This legislation works to remove du-plicative and costly permitting re-quirements that create barriers to fighting the Zika virus, barriers put in place by one of America’s most polit-ical agencies, the EPA. It is another classic example of the Federal Govern-ment finding problems in every solu-tion. Now is not the time to nit-pick poli-cies for politically charged reasons. The Zika virus is a public health emer-gency that deserves our immediate at-tention. This is close to home for me. My youngest daughter is in her first tri-mester with her third child. We need an all-hands-on-deck approach to deal with Zika. We cannot let it get caught up in Washington politics. With the summer months approach-ing rapidly, we need to harness our re-sources and wipe out this virus. I would hope that we can all agree that the Federal Government should not be making it harder for people to kill mosquitoes, which could be carrying Zika, with pesticides. I strongly support this legislation, and I encourage the administration to change their position on this legisla-tion. The public’s health deserves it. f 
REMEMBERING THOSE WHO KEEP US SAFE (Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BENISHEK. Madam Speaker, today I rise in celebration of our serv-icemen and -women, past and present. With Memorial Day right around the corner, there is no better time to re-member the people who have kept our Nation safe. Yesterday I was proud to welcome a UP Honor Flight of veterans to the World War II Memorial and thank them for their service. I am always deeply touched by the joy and humility I see on their faces as they visit the memorials erected in their honor. Memorial Day is when we remember the heroes America has lost defending our freedoms and thank the families that have borne the brunt of that pain-ful loss. One of the best ways we honor those we have lost is to care for those that came home. We have made progress at the VA, but we can do better. Our vet-erans deserve better. I am committed to breaking down the barriers to high- quality veterans’ health care. To all our veterans and servicemem-bers, on behalf of all the citizens of Michigan’s First District, I say thank you. We remain forever in your debt. 
f 
B’NAI ISRAEL 150TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Congregation B’nai Israel on its 150th anniversary in Little Rock. Established at the close of the Civil War, B’nai Israel was founded by Jew-ish immigrants in the United States. Over the past decades, Jewish immi-grants have enhanced our State and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.032 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3287 May 26, 2016 
our Nation, including the first Jewish Federal judge in the United States, Judge Jacob Trieber. B’nai Israel was a founding member of the Union for Reform Judaism and is the home for Reform Judaism in cen-tral Arkansas. The congregation has a strong link to the American civil rights movement and has embraced di-versity and inclusiveness in actions and words. In the heart of Little Rock, B’nai Israel’s current temple building has been a beacon for Jewish faith and em-powerment in Arkansas for over 40 years. I would like to extend my congratu-lations to Congregation B’nai Israel and wish it much continued success for generations to come. 
f 
MENTAL HEALTH MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I rise in recognition of National Mental Health Month, which is being observed during the month of May. According to the National Alliance on Mental Illness, or NAMI, approxi-mately one in five adults in the United States, or more than 43 million people, experience mental illness in any given year. Mental illness is responsible for lost earnings of nearly $200 billion each year. In addition, mood disorders, includ-ing major depression and bipolar dis-order, are the third most common cause of hospitalization in the United States for both youth and adults be-tween the age of 18 and 44 years old. National Mental Health Month was created to draw awareness to these conditions and attention to the efforts to help those who are suffering. As someone with a background in the mental health care industry, including 28 years as a therapist, a rehabilitation services manager, and a licensed nurs-ing home administrator, this is some-thing that is very important to me. I signed on as a cosponsor to the res-olution declaring May as Mental Health Month and remain committed to helping improve, through legislation here in Congress, the mental health of people all across this Nation. 
f 
REMEMBERING BEN HATFIELD (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Madam Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart and with profound sadness to remember West Virginian Ben Hat-field, who we tragically lost last Sun-day. Born and raised in Williamson, Ben knew the value of hard work. He went into the mines to help pay for college and then continued his work in mining for the rest of his life. He was a mentor to so many in the coal community who remember him as a friend and as a brother. Ben cared deeply about giving back, donating anonymously to many char-ities and causes. He was also a man of deep faith, attending River Ridge Church and supporting the Ambassador Christian Academy in Williamson. Ben lived for his family. For more than 12 years, he stood by his wife Debbie as she battled cancer. You might say he never left her side and was with her to the very end, where she lay waiting for him. I send my prayers to his children, his mother, his brothers and sisters, and everyone who called him a friend. Ben will be laid to rest this weekend. We will miss him. May he rest in peace. f 
INDIANAPOLIS 500 (Mr. ROKITA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROKITA. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize a uniquely Hoosier event that will be taking place this weekend in honor of those who have given the ultimate sacrifice. Every Memorial Day weekend since 1911, with the exception of a few years around World War II, hundreds of thou-sands of race fans have come to Speed-way, Indiana, and millions more have tuned in on their TVs and radios to partake in what has been called the greatest spectacle in racing, the Indi-anapolis 500. This year marks the 100th running of the 500-mile race and gives another chance for Indiana to showcase our Hoosier hospitality to the world and all that our State has to offer. Though it is true every weekend when I head back to my beloved Indi-ana, this weekend it will be especially wonderful, Madam Speaker, to be back home again in Indiana. 
f 
TAKE AN EXAMPLE FROM DISNEY (Mr. FARENTHOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FARENTHOLD. Madam Speaker, I rise today, disgusted that the Sec-retary of the VA this week compared veterans waiting in line for much-need-ed health care to waiting in line at Dis-ney. People don’t die waiting in line for Space Mountain. The Secretary said: We care about the overall experience, like Disney does, not the specifics. Well, guess what. Disney cares about wait time. In fact, there is an app for that. I can get on my phone right now and tell you it takes 90 minutes to get on Space Mountain in Florida. The VA needs to take an example from Disney. They are legendary for their customer service, cleanliness, ef-ficiency, and the fact that they never say no to anyone. Our VA right now is a national dis-grace. Despite Congress passing numer-ous reform laws giving the VA vir-tually everything they ask for, includ-ing billions of dollars in appropria-tions, our veterans are still waiting for the health care they earned. Madam Speaker, it is absolutely im-perative that the VA learn from Dis-ney. We have to get the President and the Secretary of the VA to deal with this national disgrace. Americans, our veterans especially, deserve better. f 
MEMORIAL DAY (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, we recognize Memorial Day, this last Mon-day of May. We remember those who have given their lives in service to our Nation’s Armed Forces. Recognition of this sacrifice began following the bloodiest conflict in our Nation’s history, the Civil War, and today remains as significant as ever. From the Revolutionary War to Op-eration Enduring Freedom in Afghani-stan, from Vietnam to today’s struggle against the tyranny of ISIS, Americans have dedicated their lives to protecting freedom at home and abroad. As we contemplate this weekend as a holiday, we also need to remember what this really looks like for those that we are truly remembering. This morning a group of us were able to visit Arlington Cemetery and take that in and remember that sacrifice as we laid a wreath. It was a unique op-portunity to visit with spouses of those who have fallen and see what it really feels like. They were grateful not just for our visit, but also that people across Amer-ica take time to pause and remember and be grateful for their service and say thank you to those Gold Star fami-lies whom we will never be able to repay. Madam Speaker, we ask for God’s blessings on those families. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 26, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 26, 2016 at 8:52 a.m.: That the Senate agreed to S.J. Res. 28. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.034 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3288 May 26, 2016 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF PERMANENT SELECT COM-MITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE The Speaker laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 26, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: I, Luis V. Gutie´rrez, am submitting my resignation from the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence ef-fective immediately. It has been a privilege and honor to have served the last three Congresses on this Committee, whose work and service is abso-lutely vital to the security of the United States and whose oversight over the Depart-ment of Defense and the intelligence commu-nity safeguards the civil liberties and safety of all Americans. Stepping down from the Committee will allow me to commit more time and energy to other priority issues of my constituents, as well as allow another one of our colleagues the opportunity to serve on this important Committee. Serving on the Intelligence Committee has been one of my greatest hon-ors while in Congress and I am deeply grate-ful to have had the chance to serve in this capacity. Sincerely, L
UISV. G UTIE´RREZ , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. R
USSELL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Speaker, since December 15, 1791, nearly 225 years, our Congress has operated under the constitutional requirement to do the following. Amendment 1 of the Bill of Rights to the Constitution of the United States of America: ‘‘Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or the press; or the right of the people to peaceably assemble, and to petition the government for a regress of griev-ances.’’ I am saddened, Madam Speaker, that, in our current day, the greatest assault on the free exercise of religion is being perpetuated, seemingly, by those most responsible to protect it: those who are sworn to uphold the law. Worse still, we see our Armed Forces, whose singular purpose is to support and defend the Constitution, now per-petually being used as the vehicle to subvert the very document that they risked their lives to defend. In a recent example, we have seen ex-ecutive guidance with regard to reli-gious corporations, religious associa-tions, religious educational institu-tions, and religious societies placed in jeopardy. More than 2,000 Federal Government contracts a year are awarded to reli-gious organizations and contractors that provide essential services in many vital programs. Now many of these services are being impacted due to con-flicting, ambiguous executive guid-ance. Here are some examples: Chaplain services. Multiple organiza-tions provide chaplains and related services to the military and other gov-ernment agencies. b1200 Chaplains have faced significant reli-gious liberty challenges in pursuing contracts with religious education di-rectories, youth ministers, musicians, and other religious service providers who adhere to the teachings of their particular faith. Without protecting free exercise of religion, chaplains have been forced to hire people that work di-rectly against their teachings, tenets, and faith. This is a clear violation of the First Amendment. Here is another example: refugee service providers. The vast majority of refugee and suffering vulnerable popu-lation relief is done by religious service organizations. I have worked with many on battlefields in my time as a career soldier. Because of bad agency guidance, now these organizations are facing mount-ing liability related to their perform-ance under grants, contracts, and coop-erative agreements. Sadly, when these organizations cannot partner with the government, the relief of human suf-fering just goes away, seldom being re-placed. The groups under assault are often the best—if not the only—organiza-tions able to offer the assistance they perform, doing invaluable work to re-lieve the suffering, aid the returning combat warrior, assist in the rehabili-tation of substance abuse for those not adjusting well, and many other such services that have been going on for many decades. To curtail the blatant discrimination against these groups, I offered a simple amendment to protect them under ex-isting law which passed in the National Defense Authorization, and that exist-ing law upheld is the 1964 Civil Rights Act and the 1990 Americans with Dis-abilities Act. You would have thought I had killed someone’s mother. Instead of uphold-ing the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment, we have now seen this body continue its assault on faith in America. It is not enough to level accusations of injustice by some. They will not be satisfied until their assaults of intolerance on people of faith in this country has produced an elimination of God in public life in America. We are accused of hatred, called out as shameful on this floor, and enjoined to use the whole Constitution to sup-port an opposing view that embodies behavior, mores, and outcomes that not only violate our conscience, but have been prohibited under the laws of nature and nature’s God. In the last 50 years, we have seen the Constitution used by these ideologues to kill American children in the womb, eliminate family structure, elevate be-havior over belief, redefine marriage, and assault into silence and inaction any who may oppose them. Not satis-fied, we see them without rest on their quest to eliminate free exercise of faith in the United States. Do we really want a Nation without God? They would call it progress, yet our conscience knows differently. The Apostle Paul explains why when he said this: For the wrath of God is revealed from Heaven against all ungodliness and unright-eousness of men who suppress the truth in unrighteousness, because what may be known of God is manifest in them, for God has shown it to them. For since the creation of the world, His invisible attributes are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even His eternal power and Godhead, so that they are without excuse, because, although they knew God, they did not glorify Him as God, nor were thankful, but became futile in their thoughts, and their foolish hearts were darkened. Pro-fessing to be wise, they became fools. Therefore, God also gave them up to un-cleanness, in the lusts of their hearts, to dis-honor their bodies among themselves, who exchanged the truth of God for the lie, and worshiped and served the creature, rather than the Creator. 
The Creator, our Nation has always been anchored in the Creator, from its inception throughout our history. God has been the foundation of our Repub-lic as seen in the sweeping lines of the Declaration of Independence, when it drove our Founders to proclaim ‘‘the separate and equal Station to which the Laws of Nature and Nature’s God entitle them, a decent Respect to the Opinions of Mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the Separation. ‘‘We hold these Truths to be self-evi-dent, that all Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness.’’ That life, liberty, and pursuit of hap-piness could not be realized without God in our Republic. George Wash-ington spoke for all Americans in his first inaugural address, that ‘‘No peo-ple can be bound to acknowledge and adore the Invisible Hand which con-ducts the affairs of men more than . . . the United States.’’ Our Nation’s survival and prosperity in the future were understood to be de-pendent upon faith. When Washington left office in the most remarkable, peaceful transfer of power the world had seen, he warned of a future that somehow supposed that we could have order and prosperity without faith. In his last address to the Nation, he de-clared: 
Of all the dispositions and habits which lead to the political prosperity, religion and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.036 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3289 May 26, 2016 
morality are indispensable supports. In vain would that men claim the tribute of patriot-ism, who would subvert the great pillars of human happiness, these firmest props of the duties of men and citizens. The mere politi-cian, equally with the pious man, ought to respect and cherish them. And let us with caution indulge in the supposition that mo-rality can be maintained without religion. 
None of the Founders of this country believed that a governmental connec-tion to religion was an evil in itself. They opposed the establishment of a national religion because it could pro-hibit the free exercise of faith but that faith would and should be freely exer-cised. This same foundational belief ex-tended to a prohibition of a national press so that it could express freely, so people could speak and assemble freely, and that their grievance would not only become known, but redressed. This was embodied in the First Amend-ment of the Bill of Rights. The Framers of our Constitution un-derstood that restriction on religious conduct should not be from application of general laws but, rather, should be applied to those laws that target reli-gion. Laws that ‘‘substantially burden’’ religion, even if they are generally ap-plicable, must be justified as the ‘‘least restrictive means’’ of achieving a ‘‘compelling interest.’’ The same day the Bill of Rights was introduced, July 13, 1787, this Congress also introduced the Northwest Ordi-nance that laid guidelines and instruc-tion on new territory acquired for a fu-ture United States. Article 3 of that Ordinance stated: ‘‘Religion, and morality, and knowl-edge, being necessary to good govern-ment and the happiness of mankind, schools and the means of education shall be forever encouraged.’’ ‘‘Forever be encouraged.’’ Some in this body today, Madam Speaker, would believe forever stops in 2016 and should have stopped much sooner. They claim that Congress grants these unalienable rights and uses the powers of the government, without the con-sent of the governed, to regulate and diminish faith and eliminate it from public life. In 1798, in response to the claim that Congress could regulate First Amend-ment freedoms without abridging them, James Madison condemned it saying: the liberty of conscience and the freedom the press were completely exempted from all congressional au-thority whatever. Every constitution of our Thirteen Original States, and all thereafter fol-lowing their example, understood this and embodied such language in their State constitutions, which survive today. New York, article I, section 3: ‘‘The free exercise and enjoyment of reli-gious profession and worship, without discrimination or preference, shall for-ever be allowed in this State to all hu-mankind.’’ New Hampshire, article 5: ‘‘Every in-dividual has a natural and unalienable right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, and rea-son; and no subject shall be hurt, mo-lested, or restrained, in his person, lib-erty, or estate, for worshipping God in the manner and season most agreeable to the dictates of his own conscience; or for his religious profession, senti-ments, or persuasion.’’ Vermont, article 3: ‘‘That all persons have a natural and unalienable right, to worship Almighty God, according to the dictates of their own consciences and understandings, as in their opinion shall be regulated by the word of God; and that no person ought to, or of right can be compelled to attend any reli-gious worship, or erect or support any place of worship, or maintain any min-ister, contrary to the dictates of con-science, nor can any person be justly deprived or abridged of any civil right as a citizen, on account of religious sentiments, or peculiar mode of reli-gious worship; and that no authority can, or ought to be vested in, or as-sumed by, any power whatever, that shall in any case interfere with, or in any manner control the rights of con-science, in the free exercise of religious worship.’’ Massachusetts, part 1, articles II and III: ‘‘It is the right as well as the duty of all men in society, publicly, and at stated seasons to worship the Supreme Being, the great Creator and Preserver of the universe. And no subject shall be hurt, molested, or restrained, in his person, liberty, or estate, for worship-ping God in the manner and season most agreeable to the dictates of his own conscience; or for his religious profession or sentiments . . . As the happiness of a people, and the good order and preservation of civil govern-ment, essentially depend upon piety, religion and morality; and as these cannot be generally diffused through a community, but by the institution of the public worship of God, and of public instructions in piety, religion and mo-rality.’’ Connecticut, article I, section 3: ‘‘The exercise and enjoyment of reli-gious profession and worship, without discrimination, shall be free to all per-sons in the state.’’ Rhode Island, article I, section 3: ‘‘Whereas Almighty God hath created the mind free; and all attempts to in-fluence it by temporal punishments or burdens, or by civil incapacitations, tend to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness; and whereas a principal ob-ject to our venerable ancestors, in their migration to this country and their settlement of this state, was, as they expressed it, to hold forth a lively experiment that a flourishing civil state may stand and be maintained with full liberty and religious concernments; we, therefore, declare that no person shall be compelled to frequent or to support any religious worship, place, or ministry whatever, except in fulfillment of such person’s voluntary contract; nor enforced, re-strained, molested, or burdened in any body or goods; nor disqualified from holding office; nor otherwise suffer on account of such person’s religious be-lief; and that every person shall be free to worship God according to the dic-tates of such person’s conscience, and to profess and by argument to main-tain such person’s opinion in matters of religion; and that the same shall in no wise diminish, enlarge, or affect the civil capacity of any person.’’ Pennsylvania, article 1, sections 3 and 4: ‘‘All men have a natural and indefea-sible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences; no man can of right be compelled to attend, erect or support any place of worship or to maintain any ministry against his consent; no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience, and no preference shall ever be given by any law to any religious establishments or modes of worship . . . No person who acknowl-edges the being of a God and a future state of rewards and punishments shall, on account of his religious senti-ments, be disqualified to hold any of-fice or place of trust or profit under this Commonwealth.’’ b1215 New Jersey: Article 1, sections 3–5: ‘‘No person shall be deprived of the in-estimable privilege of worshipping Al-mighty God in a manner agreeable to the dictates of his own conscience; nor under any pretense whatever be com-pelled to attend any place of worship contrary to his faith and judgement; nor shall any person be obliged to pay tithes, taxes, or other rates for build-ing or repairing any church or church-es, place or places of worship, or for the maintenance of any minister or min-istry, contrary to what he believes to be right or has deliberately and volun-tarily engaged to perform. ‘‘There shall be no establishment of one religious sect in preference to an-other; no religious or racial test shall be required as a qualification for any office or public trust. ‘‘No person shall be denied the enjoy-ment of any civil or military right, nor be discriminated against in the exer-cise of any civil or military right, nor be segregated in the militia or in the public schools, because of religious principles . . .’’ North Carolina: Article 1, section 13: ‘‘All persons have a natural and in-alienable right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences, and no human au-thority shall, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience.’’ Maryland: Article 36: ‘‘That as it is the duty of every man to worship God in such manner as he thinks most ac-ceptable to Him, all persons are equal-ly entitled to protection in their reli-gious liberty; wherefore, no person ought by any law to be molested in his person or estate, on account of his reli-gious persuasion, or profession, or for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.038 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3290 May 26, 2016 
his religious practice . . . nor shall any person, otherwise competent, be deemed incompetent as a witness, or juror, on account of his religious belief; provided, he believes in the existence of God, and that under His dispensation such person will be held morally ac-countable for his acts, and be rewarded or punished therefor either in this world or in the world to come.’’ Virginia: Article 1, sections 11 and 16: ‘‘That religion or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence; and, therefore, all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience; and that it is the mutual duty of all to practice Christian for-bearance, love, and charity towards each other . . . all men shall be free to profess and by argument to maintain their opinions in matters of religion, and the same shall in nowise diminish, enlarge, or affect their civil capacities . . . it shall be left free to every person to select his religious instructor, and to make his support such private con-tract as he shall please.’’ South Carolina: Article 1, section 2: ‘‘The general assembly shall make no law respecting an establishment of re-ligion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof . . . ’’ Last among them, the State of Geor-gia: Article 1, section 1, paragraph 4: ‘‘No inhabitant of this state shall be molested in person or property or be prohibited from holding any public of-fice or trust on account of religious opinions.’’ These constitutions are still in effect in each of these States today. All speak of the exceptions on maintaining the peace and safety of each State. Forever—forever—be encouraged. That is the way it was phrased. Is that where we stand today? Shall religious freedom, the hallmark of Columbia’s shores, continue to be forever encour-aged or do we who are so humbly hon-ored to serve in these Chambers now just step aside and see the indispen-sable supports of religion and morality knocked from under our foundation? Madam Speaker, I cannot be silent. Since I was 18 years of age, I have pledged to support and defend the Con-stitution of this great Republic. I have been moved by conscience and dictates to speak out against the coercion of people of faith who are being discrimi-nated against because they merely hold to the laws of nature and nature’s God. Our institutions, once based on the Creator of life, have now appointed themselves to usurp the authority of God, who is the author of life, mar-riage, and family. The most elemental sovereign unit, our families, has been destroyed by our foolish decisions. We are told instead by those of us sworn to uphold the law that murder is not murder, marriage is not marriage, and family is not family. We have al-lowed constitutional constructs to kill a child and call it a choice. We have seen discreet behaviors and private sexual preferences promoted to public display while what is constitu-tionally guaranteed to be able to ex-press—religion—is now being publicly prohibited. This Nation, at its highest level, has taken a position against God. Is it possible, if that be the case, that we can form a more perfect union? Can we establish justice absent the giver of law? Can domestic tranquility be en-sured that when we abandon His pre-cepts? Can we provide for a common defense absent a mighty fortress and an unfailing bulwark? How do we promote the general wel-fare when every American is unanchored, adrift to do what seems right in his own eyes? Do we suppose that we can secure the blessings of lib-erty without Him? Can those of our posterity expect to obtain His blessing without acknowledging His existence? So, Madam Speaker, like our fore-bears, I cannot be silent. My faith di-rects that I act with love and civility in a gentlemanly manner. As a warrior on battlefields, I have seen the worst that human beings have to offer. But my optimism is secured by eter-nal hope and everlasting truth. My conscience speaks to God’s eternal Being. So I am without excuse. His love and mercy cannot be separated from those that answer His call. I take solace in the words of Christ when He encourages: ‘‘Blessed are you when they revile and persecute you, and say all kinds of evil against you falsely for My sake. Rejoice and be ex-ceedingly glad, for great is your reward in Heaven, for so they persecuted the prophets who were before you.’’ Like the Founders of our Nation and Framers of our great Constitution, I speak with many as a Representative in this august body ‘‘with a firm reli-ance on the protections of Divine Prov-idence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes, and our sacred Honor.’’ So, Madam Speaker, I will stand with Joshua when he said: ‘‘And if it seems evil to you to serve the Lord, choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve . . . But as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.’’ I stand with the Apostle Paul when he said: ‘‘Putting away falsehood, let each one of you speak truth with his neighbor, for we are members of one another. For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principal-ities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places. Therefore take up the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.’’ So I ask America: Who will stand with me? Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is in-spiring to hear my friend, Mr. R
USSELL , speak such inspiring words. It is inter-esting that the book from which he kept quoting is the best-seller book of all time and also happens to be the most quoted book in U.S. history here in both the House and the Senate. There was a time when most legisla-tors felt it was helpful in getting legis-lation passed if they had a verse of Scripture from the Bible that sup-ported their position. Then we arrive at the point today where, if someone in Congress makes the statement in quoting Jesus Himself when He discussed marriage and di-vorce and was asked about it, that He, God, made male and female. Haven’t you read? Don’t you understand He cre-ated male and female? So you would have to believe, if you supported the agenda that was exhib-ited today, that Jesus didn’t know what He was talking about because God not only created male and female, He created a lot of question marks, like the cartoon that somebody did of a doctor holding a newborn and the mother asks, ‘‘What did I have?’’ and the doctor says, ‘‘The baby hasn’t de-cided yet.’’ We have come so far. We thought we had advanced so far. Yet, as Solomon said: ‘‘There is nothing new under the sun.’’ I know Justice Ginsburg was talking about same-sex marriage when she said: Well, we just know so much more now than we used to know. In some ways—but in the nature of human nature, things haven’t changed. Things from 3,000 years ago, just as Abraham Lincoln said in quoting Scripture in his second inaugural, are just as true today as they were 3,000 years ago or 2,000 years ago. It is why Lincoln quoted them. But when we get to the place as a Na-tion that truth is not important, every-thing is relative, and there is no abso-lute, unqualified, black-and-white jus-tice or injustice, then our prisons fill up. You have more people committing suicide than ever. You have more peo-ple using drugs and trying to escape by using drugs. You have all kinds of problems in schools and in society. Things are turned upside down because a society loses its way, says there is no absolutes and everything is relative. But as C.S. Lewis pointed out, what led him from being an atheist to be-lieving in God was in poking fun at Christians and saying: Why don’t you just admit it. Wouldn’t it just be easier to admit that there cannot be a just God when there is so much injustice in the world? After doing that for years, this bril-liant man finally realized: If there were no just God, if there were no absolute- in-the-universe standard of justice and injustice, right and wrong, if that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.040 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3291 May 26, 2016 
standard did not exist, then I would have no way of knowing whatsoever that injustice even existed. As he illustrated, if a man is blind from birth, then he would not ever know what light was like. If there were no absolute standard of justice in the universe, we could never know when there was injustice. We just wouldn’t know the difference. b1230 But there is that standard. And as he points out, although some have a more heightened understanding of justice and injustice, of fairness and unfair-ness, and some of those standards dif-fer, it doesn’t mean the standards don’t exist any more than the fact that some people can hit a musical note more closely than others. And just because somebody doesn’t hit it exactly the same does not mean the music does not exist. So we arrive at all these massive problems, and we are told the cure for the problems of society is if we start letting more people out of prison much sooner. And then people misrepresent and mischaracterize the reason why people are in prison in order to justify having a massive prison break that is authorized by the President of the United States. He is already author-izing prison breaks from Guantanamo Bay and is continuing to do that. There is an article from the National Review by Sean Kennedy this week. The subtitle is, ‘‘The Truth About the Sentencing Reform Act is Scary, and Not a Reason to Support It.’’ The title is, ‘‘Our Prisons Are Crowded Because We Have a Lot of Criminals.’’ The arti-cle points out, ‘‘mandatory minimums are for real bad guys.’’ In Texas, as in many States, we have what we call ranges of punishment. If you do something wrong—you commit a felony, for example—then, depending on how serious that has been judged to be—it could be a State jail felony, a third-degree felony, a second-degree felony, or a first-degree felony, being the most serious. Well, actually, a cap-ital felony would be the most serious, where the death penalty is authorized under certain, very strict conditions. But for noncapital, there is a range of punishment. For example, a third-degree, min-imum of 2 years, maximum of 10 years; second-degree, minimum of 2 years, maximum of 20 years; first-degree, minimum of 5 years, maximum of life or 99 years. Some say we should not have those minimums, and certainly not a manda-tory minimum that says you can’t go below this point. For some of us, you are saying we have got to get rid of the bottom of the range. But as we saw, and with the cir-cumstances that motivated the origi-nal sentencing guidelines in Federal court 30 years or so ago, we had Fed-eral judges appointed for life, com-pletely unaccountable, that would face some heinous, despicable act, and then give a very light slap on the wrist. So Congress came back and said, look, we are going to have to have some sen-tencing guidelines and keep judges within these guidelines. There was nothing wrong with that, as long as you give a judge at least some ability to discriminate between more serious and less serious, some ability to use ju-dicial decisionmaking. Over time, we have seen the serious crime rates go down. Murders, assaults, rapes, a lot of those numbers have gone down for some time. They were a result not of society becoming more lawful and concerned, but actually just en-forcing the law more strictly. Society has taken a turn for the worse as we have continued to say through the media, through entertainment, and through Congress everything is rel-ative, there are no absolutes. Well, the Founders knew there were some absolutes. They knew the only way we could ever be considered to have rights that government could not take is to make clear that our rights do not come from the government. The government is the protector of the rights that came from our Creator. Once people decide your rights are given by the government, then obvi-ously the government can take them away. But if those rights come from our Creator, as our Founders made very clear in the Declaration of Inde-pendence, then the government is sup-posed to protect them and not let any-one take them away. That is why it was a bit heart-breaking to hear the President say—I believe he was in Hawaii, but saying this week—oh, no. He was in a foreign country at the time. But he was ex-plaining that, in the United States, we have these founding documents, and they indicate that we are endowed with certain unalienable rights. He went ahead and rewrote—actually, omitted— the most important words of that line in the Declaration, not where it just said we are endowed with certain unalienable rights, but we are endowed by our Creator. He just failed to men-tion ‘‘endowed by our Creator.’’ Maybe it bothers him to say that, I don’t know, but he left it out. And there is the problem: when people who are in leadership of the government of the United States think that they are the source of their rights. The oral argument in the Little Sis-ters of the Poor case should have got-ten more notoriety than they got be-cause some of the positions taken by President Obama’s attorneys were ab-solutely outrageous. The indications basically were that the government can tell, potentially even a church, which religious beliefs you can practice and which you are not allowed to prac-tice. The government has that right, which would mean those rights didn’t come from our Creator; they came from the government. So the govern-ment giveth and the government will take away, which makes it very con-sistent with what the President just said in the last few days in eliminating that our rights were endowed by our Creator. There was no accident in the first part of the Bill of Rights, the First Amendment, having to do with reli-gious liberty: ‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of re-ligion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.’’ They knew if that freedom is abridged in any way, the rest of them will not matter. Once the government, for example, recognizes secular humanism as the of-ficial religion of the United States, then it can dictate to people of all faiths exactly what they can believe and disbelieve. That is exactly what has happened. There is a prior Supreme Court case that, in the footnotes, lists the dif-ferent religions in the United States. Secular humanism was one of them. Secular humanism does not recognize a creator. There has been so much misinforma-tion and miseducation of our young people. People were told that Ben Franklin didn’t believe in God. You have to be totally fraudulent in your representation of Benjamin Franklin to tell any student that, when he said in his own words—which were later il-lustrated in his own handwriting ex-actly what he said when he spoke in 1787, the end of June, to the Constitu-tional Convention imploring them that they needed to be praying—when he told them: 
We have been going nearly 5 weeks with more noes than ayes on virtually every vote. How has it happened, sir, that we have not once thought of humbly applying to the Fa-ther of Lights to illuminate our under-standings? In the beginning of the contest with Great Britain, when we were sensible of danger, we had daily prayer in this room for the Divine Protection. Our prayers, sir, were heard, and they were graciously answered. 
He went on and eventually said: 
I have lived, sir, a long time. 
He was 80 years old. He had gout. He had arthritis very bad. He was over-weight. He had trouble getting up and down. He said: 
And the longer I live, the more convincing proofs I see of this truth: that God governs in the affairs of men. And if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without his notice, is it probable that an empire can rise without his aid? We have been assured, Sir, in the sacred writings that ‘‘except the Lord build, they labor in vain that build it.’’ 
That is the basis on which this Na-tion was built. We were endowed by our Creator with certain unalienable rights. Ben Franklin knew what the Dec-laration of Independence said. It was Adams who told Jefferson, basically: You do the first draft. In essence: You are the best writer we have. It was Adams that Jefferson showed the first draft to, and then they both showed it to Franklin. Apparently, Franklin made some little interlineations. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.041 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3292 May 26, 2016 
was brought up for debate, and some things were knocked out. He knew exactly what was important in that Declaration that would stand as the building foundation for this Nation for our rights. When that foundation is cracked, when parts of it are elimi-nated, the building on which it stands would no longer stand. That is the kind of erosion that has occurred. When the Federal Government of the United States can tell the Little Sis-ters of the Poor—these incredibly eth-ical, loving, caring, giving women, who devoted their lives to helping others, far more than anybody in this city in government—and people in this city would tell them, no, you cannot prac-tice your religious beliefs because we are secular humanists, and we will tell you you cannot believe and practice what the Bible tells you. Of course, Moses said it came from God. That is why he is right up there as the only full-face image in this whole room of lawgivers, considered the greatest lawgivers of all time. Moses is the only full-face, because he was con-sidered for most of our history to be the greatest lawgiver of all time. This is the guy that says it is coming from God, but a man shall leave his mother and father, a woman shall leave her home, and the two will become one flesh. And when Jesus was asked about it, he said: Haven’t you read? Don’t you understand? God made them male and female. He didn’t mention question marks. These are people we need to love and encourage. The diagnostic statistical manuals for most of existence have pointed out that these are mental dis-orders. These are people that we are to love, encourage, and help every way we can. For among educated, compas-sionate people, for our civilized his-tory, a man that didn’t know which he was was pitied, loved, and encouraged. But educated people said that is basi-cally where the word ’perverse’ is most widely used. Now we have a government that says forget what the Bible says, forget what Moses said, forget what Jesus said when he quoted Moses verbatim and then added, ‘‘What therefore God has joined together, let not man separate.’’ Even if you don’t believe Jesus was part of the Holy Trinity, as our Found-ers did, do you really want to leave this life and potentially, whether you believe in a judge, a maker, or not, say, ‘‘Oh, I didn’t think you were serious when you said those things about mar-riage’’? b1245 I didn’t think you were serious. You just weren’t smart enough to know that he didn’t just create male and fe-male. I really wonder how many people in this body who had the ultimate power to decide whether humanity would go forward or not, whether there was an asteroid coming or something that would end humanity on Earth as dinosaurs were ended at one time— okay. We have a spaceship that can—as Matt Damon did in the movie—plant a colony somewhere. We can have hu-mans survive this terrible disaster about to befall. If you could decide what 40 people you would put on the spacecraft who would save humanity, how many of those would be same-sex couples? You are wanting to save humankind for posterity—basically, a modern-day Noah. You have that ability to be a modern-day Noah. You can preserve life. How many same-sex couples would you take from the animal kingdom and from humans to put on the spacecraft to perpetuate humanity and the wild-life kingdom? That is why it has been called part of the natural law, natural law given by the Creator; but when we continue to abolish the first words of the Bill of Rights—the First Amendment—and we continue to prohibit the free exercise of religion, we don’t have much longer to go. Jonathan Cahn has a great book—in-teresting. The dialogue could be a lit-tle stronger, but ‘‘The Harbinger,’’ and the more recent one, ‘‘The Mystery of the Shemitah Unlocked,’’ really are thought-provoking even if you are a secular humanist. He makes the com-parison that the United States, just as the Founders said, was founded by the grace of God and as an instrument to bless the world. Even for those who have not recog-nized the exceptional nature of the United States, it is still a fact that you can’t find nations throughout history that have done what this one has, where we have sent our best and brightest and our most valuable com-modity—American blood, sweat, toil— and fought for the freedom of others. We have fought to protect others, not just ourselves. You don’t find nations through history that did that. This Na-tion had because they believed there was a higher power. They believe our rights come from our Creator, and we have an obligation to that same Cre-ator. This Nation has spread goodness around the world despite those who would say otherwise. It has happened. We have been the most generous, chari-table, helping, loving nation in the his-tory of the world. We have more oppor-tunities and more assets per individual than even Solomon’s Israel. We have been blessed beyond measure. Jonathan Cahn makes the compari-son to the ninth chapter of Isaiah, where at that point, long after Saul and long after David and Solomon, we come to 732 B.C. By that time, Israel is divided into two parts—the northern kingdom of Israel and the southern kingdom of Judah. The southern king-dom of Judah is where Jerusalem was. Jonathan Cahn draws the parallel, which is actually scary when you start looking at the things that actually are parallel to that time. God is telling Isaiah: Look, the peo-ple whom I have blessed—I have pro-vided more than anyone else—have turned away from me; so I allowed the Assyrians to come in and attack and harm them. I pulled back the hand of protection. Back in those days, the Assyrians were known as the true fathers of ter-rorism. They came in and attacked and did the strange thing of going back to Assyria. God is telling Isaiah: I have given them a warning to turn back to me. I know that for 90 days, churches all over America were packed after 9/11. Basically, we saw people say: Never mind, God. We don’t have to worry anymore. We have got this. God said: They didn’t turn back to me. I am going to let them go. Ten years later, he allowed the As-syrians to come in and wipe them out. The southern kingdom, where Jeru-salem was, continued to turn away from him. Then, over 100 years later, he allowed them to be attacked as a warning. They didn’t heed the warning. Now, they got about 19 years before God withdrew his hand of protection and allowed the children of Israel to be taken into exile, and the nation of Israel ceased to exist. The northern kingdom and the southern kingdom of Judah ceased to exist because they wouldn’t turn back. If Jonathan Cahn is accurate in that comparison—well, we are beyond 10 years since that warning. Maybe people believe there is a God and believe as our Founders did and as Ben Franklin said in his talking about the Bible, in quoting it, and as Jefferson did in the quote that is still engraved in his me-morial: that he trembles for our coun-try when he realizes God is just, but he is not going to remain silent forever— well, the southern kingdom got 19 years after their warning, and then God let them go. Tough times are upon us. We have a President who has now got an agenda to release more murderers, killers, hat-ers of America to go forth and continue to kill and murder and hate Americans. I mean, I know some people are saying: But it has been 15 years; they have got to be released. No. The way it has always worked among civilized nations when it has come to prisoners of war is, when someone declared war on a nation or on a people, and when some of those war-riors were captured, they were held in a civil manner; they were held until those at war said: We are no longer at war. Then the prisoners were released un-less they had committed war crimes for which they could be tried. At any time in the last 15 years, all of them could have been released—unless war crimes had been committed—if their friends, their allies, had said: Okay. We are the Muslim Brotherhood, we are radical Islam, and we are no longer at war with the Great Satan, the United States. We want peace. We won’t be terrorizing and attacking you and trying to de-stroy your way of life anymore. We are done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.043 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3293 May 26, 2016 
That is when they cease the violence against the United States. We can re-lease the prisoners unless war crimes have been committed. Then at that point, as in Nuremberg, you try them for their war crimes. This President is jumping the gun. They are still at war. Muslim leaders in the Middle East and Africa have asked me: Why is it you don’t understand that radical Islamists, the Muslim Brotherhood, have been at war with you since 1979, and you are helping them? Iran is the greatest supporter of terrorism. You are helping them more than you are willing to help us. What is wrong with you? The answer is: We have turned away from the Creator, the source of our rights and our blessings. I believe God exists. For those who think that maybe he does, maybe they are agnostic. If God exists, the question is: Does he love us more than he loved Jerusalem? Because, if he doesn’t, it is doubtful we have more than 4 or 5 years to go. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE SPEAKER TO DECLARE A RECESS ON WEDNES-DAY, JUNE 8, 2016, FOR THE PUR-POSE OF RECEIVING IN JOINT MEETING HIS EXCELLENCY NARENDRA MODI, PRIME MIN-ISTER OF INDIA Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that it may be in order at any time on Wednesday, June 8, 2016, for the Speaker to declare a re-cess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in joint meeting His Excellency Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 55 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Fri-day, May 27, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5502. A letter from the Director, Issuances Staff, Office of Policy and Program Develop-ment, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Classes of Poultry [Docket No.: FSIS-2015-0026] (RIN: 0583-AD60) received May 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5503. A letter from the Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Development, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Guaranteed Loanmaking and Serv-icing Regulations (RIN: 0570-AA85) received May 24, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5504. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; ME; Control of Volatile Organic Compound Emissions from Fiberglass Boat Manufac-turing and Surface Coating Facilities [EPA- R01-OAR-2015-0801; A-1-FRL-9946-94-Regio n 1] received May 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5505. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — EPAAR Clause for Level of Effort — Cost-Reimbursement Contract [EPA-HQ-OARM-2012-0478; FRL-9946-47- OARM] received May 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5506. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; State of Cali-fornia; Revised Format of 40 CFR Part 52 for Materials Incorporated by Reference [CA130- NBK; FRL-9942-49-Region 9] received May 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5507. A letter from the Director, Inter-national Cooperation, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense, Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s intent to sign an agreement between the Depart-ment of Defense of the United States of America and the Ministry of Defence of the Republic of Estonia, Transmittal No. 15-16, pursuant to Sec. 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act, and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5508. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Prevailing Rate Sys-tems; Abolishment of the Newburgh, NY, Ap-propriated Fund Federal Wage System Wage Area (RIN: 3206-AN26) received May 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 5509. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Rules of Practice and Procedure; Adjusting Civil Money Penalties for Infla-tion (RIN: 3052-AD16) received May 25, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 5510. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1277; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-155- AD; Amendment 39-18459; AD 2016-07-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5511. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of Surety Guarantees, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Surety Bond Guarantee Program; Miscellaneous Amend-ments (RIN: 3245-AG70) received May 23, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Small Business. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4166. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide specific credit risk retention requirements to certain qualifying collateralized loan obli-gations; with an amendment (Rept. 114–596). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4620. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to exempt certain commercial real estate loans from risk retention requirements, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–597). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: H.R. 5336. A bill to require Members of the House of Representatives to post informa-tion on their official public websites on the costs of trips taken by Members for which expenses were paid by the Department of De-fense, the Department of State, or other of-fices of the House of Representatives, to di-rect the Committee on House Administra-tion of the House of Representatives to maintain an online clearinghouse on its offi-cial public website of all such information for all Members, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Miss R ICEof New York, and Ms. T
ITUS): H.R. 5337. A bill to ensure that an indi-vidual who is transitioning from receiving medical treatment furnished by the Sec-retary of Defense to medical treatment fur-nished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives the pharmaceutical agents required for such transition; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K EATING , Mr. K INGof New York, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. D
OLD): H.R. 5338. A bill to reduce passenger wait times at airports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina (for himself and Mr. I
SSA): H.R. 5339. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify and expand Federal criminal jurisdiction over Federal contrac-tors and employees outside the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself, Mr. D
OLD, and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi): H.R. 5340. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to ensure that revenues col-lected from passengers as aviation security fees are used to help finance the costs of aviation security screening by repealing a requirement that a portion of such fees be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26MY7.045 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3294 May 26, 2016 
credited as offsetting receipts and deposited in the general fund of the Treasury; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. MICA: H.R. 5341. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for recalculation of basic annuity benefits for certain air traffic controllers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 5342. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to provide a midyear cost- of-living increase to account for the lack of an automatic increase for 2016, to apply the Consumer Price Index for the Elderly (CPI- E) to future Social Security COLAs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself and Mr. W
ALBERG ): H.R. 5343. A bill to require increased re-porting regarding certain surgeries sched-uled at medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. M
ARINO , and Mr. P OSEY ): H.R. 5344. A bill to clarify that pilot pro-grams that honor and reward organ donation are not preempted by Federal criminal law and that offering and accepting such benefits in accordance with a pilot program are not criminal acts; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 5345. A bill to require the Attorney General to establish procedures for expedited review of the case of any person who unlaw-fully solicits personal information for pur-poses of committing identity theft, while purporting to be acting on behalf of the IRS, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5346. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the ef-forts of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity related to food, agriculture, and veteri-nary defense against terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 5347. A bill to provide for phased-in payment of Social Security Disability Insur-ance payments during the waiting period for individuals with a terminal illness; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Ms. K
USTER ): H.R. 5348. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to establish an Office of Public Participation and Consumer Advocacy; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 5349. A bill to reduce government-im-posed obstacles to profitability and accessi-bility for new electric energy projects; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Natural Re-sources, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. REED, Mr. G
IBSON , and Mr. T AKANO ): H.R. 5350. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for an energy in-vestment credit for energy storage property connected to the grid, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. Z INKE, and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 5351. A bill to prohibit the transfer of any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. GRAYSON (for himself, Mr. E
LLISON , and Mr. C ONYERS ): H.R. 5352. A bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to prohibit States from disqualifying individuals con-victed of criminal offenses, other than indi-viduals convicted of murder, manslaughter, or sex crimes, from registering to vote or voting in elections for Federal office; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. K
ATKO , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. G IBSON , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York): H.R. 5353. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to assess the suitability and feasibility of designating certain land as the Finger Lakes National Heritage Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 5354. A bill to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to improve supports for kinship caregivers in child welfare programs and the program of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ASHFORD (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 5355. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to assist veterans to obtain cer-tain public transportation jobs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. H URD of Texas, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. M ARCH -
ANT, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. O
LSON , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. B
ARTON , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , and Mr. H INOJOSA ): H.R. 5356. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX-150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana (for him-self, Mr. S
CHRADER , and Mr. H ANNA ): H.R. 5357. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to au-thorize an interstate teaching application program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CLYBURN (for himself and Mr. S
ANFORD ): H.R. 5358. A bill to establish Penn School - Reconstruction Era National Monument in the State of South Carolina as a unit of the National Park System, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 5359. A bill to revise Federal flamma-bility standards for motor vehicle child re-straint systems; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. JORDAN (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. G OH-
MERT , and Mr. C HABOT ): H.R. 5360. A bill to help individuals receiv-ing assistance under means-tested welfare programs obtain self-sufficiency, to provide information on total spending on means- tested welfare programs, to provide an over-all spending limit on means-tested welfare programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Agriculture, En-ergy and Commerce, Financial Services, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. K IND, and Mr. Z
ELDIN ): H.R. 5361. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the tax-ex-empt financing of certain government-owned buildings; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 5362. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide a higher Fed-eral matching rate for increased expendi-tures under Medicaid for mental and behav-ioral health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Mr. N
EAL): H.R. 5363. A bill to authorize the President to award the Medal of Honor posthumously to Corporal David Dunnels White of the United States Army for his capture of Con-federate Major General George Washington Custis Lee at the Battle of Sailor’s Creek, Virginia, during the Civil War; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. M
ARINO , Ms. B ASS, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , and Mrs. D INGELL ): H.R. 5364. A bill to provide States with flexibility to use Federal IV-E funding for State child welfare programs to improve safety, permanency, and well-being out-comes for all children who need child welfare services; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): H.R. 5365. A bill to amend the Professional Boxing Safety Act of 1996 to include fighters of combat sports in the safety provisions of such Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for him-self and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 5366. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come for seven years amounts earned from the sale of drugs that demonstrate break-through therapies for treating Alzheimer’s disease; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26MY7.100 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3295 May 26, 2016 
By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 5367. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to provide for cost-of-liv-ing adjustments indexed to the Consumer Price Index for the Elderly, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Energy and Commerce, Armed Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5368. A bill to direct the Department of Transportation to issue regulations to re-quire enhanced security measures for ship-ments of security sensitive material, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-ginia, Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mrs. D IN-
GELL ): H.R. 5369. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the Healthy Start for Infants Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself and Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ): H.R. 5370. A bill to provide for restrictions related to nuclear cooperation with the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. TSONGAS: H.R. 5371. A bill to revise repayment terms for certain loans made under the Lowell Na-tional Historical Park Historic Preservation Loan Program; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. H
INOJOSA , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ): H. Con. Res. 134. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Congress regarding the need for increased diversity and inclu-sion in the tech sector, and increased access to opportunity in science, technology, engi-neering, arts, and mathematics (STEAM) education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. JONES: H. Res. 755. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to ob-serve a moment of silence in the House on the first legislative day of each month for those killed or wounded in United States en-gagements in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other countries where Americans are serving in harms way; to the Committee on Rules. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Mr. J
EFFRIES ): H. Res. 756. A resolution expressing support for a whole child approach to education and recognizing the role of parents, educators, and community members in providing a whole child approach to education for each student; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H. Res. 757. A resolution recognizing the significance of Asian/Pacific American Herit-age Month in May as an important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to the history of the United States; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. T
ITUS, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. M UR-
PHY of Florida, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. K
EATING , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H. Res. 758. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to es-tablish a Permanent Select Committee on Aging; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. FOSTER: H. Res. 759. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives in sup-port of the International Atomic Energy Agency’s (IAEA) nuclear security role; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R
USH, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. M OORE , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. L
EWIS, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. H AHN, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. M ENG, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C
OHEN , and Mr. P AYNE ): H. Res. 760. A resolution recognizing the significance of National Caribbean American Heritage Month; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 761. A resolution recognizing the lack of full voting rights in Congress for ac-tive duty service members, National Guard members, reservists, veterans, and their fam-ilies who are District of Columbia residents; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Ms. SLAUGHTER (for herself, Mr. C
OLE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. H
ECKof Washington, Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. M ICA, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. T
ED LIEU of California, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C AL-
VERT , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. S IMPSON , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan, Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. J ENKINS  of West Virginia): H. Res. 762. A resolution recognizing the 75th anniversary of the opening of the Na-tional Gallery of Art; to the Committee on House Administration. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: H.R. 5336. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 5337. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’. By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 5338. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—To regulate Commerece with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 5339. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation under Article 1 Section 8, Clause 1 (‘‘[To] provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of of the United States’’) and 10 ([t]o define and punish...offensense against the laws of Nations.’’) By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 5340. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause I, Section 8, of Article I of the United States Constitution By Mr. MICA: H.R. 5341. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 5342. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 5343. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5344. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5345. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5346. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26MY7.100 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3296 May 26, 2016 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 5347. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 5348. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 5349. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 5350. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 5351. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. ‘‘To provide for the common defense,’’ ‘‘to raise and support Armies,’’ ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy,’’ and ‘‘to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces.’’ By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 5352. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. REED: H.R. 5353. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 5354. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution and its subse-quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. ASHFORD: H.R. 5355. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 5356. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power . . . to establish Post Offices and Post Roads.’’ [Page H1802] By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 5357. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of Article I of the Con-stitution. By Mr. CLYBURN: H.R. 5358. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 5359. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. JORDAN: H.R. 5360. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The bill makes specific changes to existing law in a manner that returns power to the States and to the people, in accordance with Amendment X of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5361. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 5362. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 8, Section 8—to provide for the gen-eral welfare and to regulate commerce among the states. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 5363. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 1, of the United State Constitution This states that ‘‘Congress shall have power to . . . lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 5364. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5365. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 5366. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. NORCROSS: 
H.R. 5367. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the US Constitution By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5368. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 5369. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SHERMAN: H.R. 5370. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, the com-merce clause. By Ms. TSONGAS: H.R. 5371. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 194: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART , Mr. H ILL, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. W
ESTMORELAND , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 266: Mr. F
INCHER . H.R. 448: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 662: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 711: Mr. K
INDand Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 738: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 775: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 827: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 923: Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 1218: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1266: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1342: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 1399: Mrs. D
INGELL and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 1453: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 1549: Mr. G
UINTA . H.R. 1859: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 1962: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 1963: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2058: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 2087: Ms. G
RAHAM and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 2315: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 2350: Mr. N
EWHOUSE and Mr. P ETER -
SON. H.R. 2368: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2449: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2450: Mr. B
EYER and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 2477: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 2638: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2694: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 2698: Mr. M
ICA. H.R. 2712: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 2737: Mr. C
LAY, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ  of California, Mr. F
ATTAH , Mr. S IRES, Mr. K
IND, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. K USTER , and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2948: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. P ETERSON , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2992: Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. L
UMMIS , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B AR-
TON, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. M
ICA, Mr. R EED, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. W
OODALL , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. W ITT-
MAN, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. N UNES , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and Mr. M ASSIE . H.R. 3012: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 3080: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 3094: Mr. C
ARTER of Texas. H.R. 3164: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 3220: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 3238: Mr. F
ARR, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. L
EE, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 3255: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 3308: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 3323: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 3515: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 3550: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 3798: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY7.015 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3297 May 26, 2016 
H.R. 3815: Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 3880: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 3884: Mr. N
UGENT and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 3885: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 3929: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. M ILLER  of Michigan, Mr. R
EED, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. W
ALDEN and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 4062: Mr. K
INDand Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 4065: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 4166: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 4352: Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. H ILL, Mr. S
CALISE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. B
ENISHEK , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. H
AHN, Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H
IMES, Mr. V ELA, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia, Mr. N
EAL, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala- bama, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. T
URNER , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. S
TUTZMAN , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. R OE of Tennessee, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B OST, Mr. J ENKINS  of West Virginia, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. G UTH-
RIE, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. B UR-
GESS, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. F
ARR, Mr. K IND, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. B
ERA, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. H UELSKAMP . H.R. 4365: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 4428: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 4445: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4480: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4488: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT and Ms. P IN-
GREE . H.R. 4514: Mr. D
ESANTIS and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4559: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4592: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. S
TIVERS , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. H OYER , and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4606: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4613: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 4615: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 4620: Mr. BARR. H.R. 4625: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 4662: Mr. C
HABOT , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 4715: Mr. B
ARTON and Mr. G UINTA . H.R. 4729: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 4740: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4760: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 4764: Mr. B
ARTON . H.R. 4770: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4773: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. B
RIDENSTINE and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 4794: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4796: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 4819: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 4938: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. D
OLD. H.R. 4958: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4959: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 5003: Mr. K
LINE. H.R. 5027: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 5044: Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C LY-
BURN , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. K ELLY of Il- linois, Mr. H
INOJOSA , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. H
AHN, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. K
USTER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. D
ELBENE, and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 5067: Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 5076: Mr. W
ITTMAN and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 5090: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 5094: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 5121: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5124: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. C
OHEN and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 5129: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 5131: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 5143: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 5149: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 5166: Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. B LUM, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. W IL-
SONof South Carolina, Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 5168: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 5180: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. I SSA, and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 5224: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 5240: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 5258: Mrs. D
INGELL and Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5263: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. R USH, and Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 5275: Mr. C
RAMER and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 5276: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. C UL-
BERSON , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. R
OUZER , and Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 5294: Mr. P
ITTS and Mr. M ARCHANT . H.J. Res. 94: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. H
ANNA , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. L
IPINSKI . H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. I
SSA. H. Con. Res. 128: Mr. R
OKITA . H. Con. Res. 129: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H. Res. 220: Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. C OOK, Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, and Mr. W ELCH . H. Res. 251: Mr. L
EVIN. H. Res. 289: Mr. M
EEKS . H. Res. 343: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H. Res. 360: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H. Res. 377: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 591: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Ms. P LASKETT , and Mr. A LLEN . H. Res. 667: Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. Y OUNG  of Indiana, and Mr. K
ILMER . H. Res. 694: Mr. K
EATING and Ms. N ORTON . H. Res. 712: Mr. K
EATING . H. Res. 717: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. C
OHEN . H. Res. 729: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Caro-lina, Mr. H
OLDING , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali- fornia, Mr. H
IMES, Mr. M ICA, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. D
ESANTIS , and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. H. Res. 730: Mr. K
EATING . H. Res. 746: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H. Res. 749: Mr. K
ENNEDY . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: H. Res. 752: Ms. L
EE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY7.019 H26MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3231 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 26, 2016 No. 84 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-day’s opening prayer will be offered by Dr. Benny Tate, senior pastor of Rock Springs Church in Milner, GA. The guest Chaplain offered the fol-lowing prayer: Let us pray. Our most kind and gracious Heavenly Father, as we bow our heads and hearts before You, we come with a grateful heart. I lift this esteemed body of indi-viduals to Your care and blessing. My prayer is that You will illuminate their understanding because, as Ben Frank-lin reminded us, You are the Father of lights. I pray for every Member that they would follow the direction of President Abraham Lincoln and be driven to their knees by an over-whelming conviction that they had no-where else to go. God, give our leaders direction and guidance. I ask You to unify the hearts of the men and women serving in this body, for unity is where You commanded the blessing. May every Member remember the goal is more important than any role, and our Lord teaches us that the greatest of all is the one who serves, and anyone can be great because anyone can serve. We pray this prayer, respecting all faiths, but we pray this prayer in the Name of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Until You come, we pray. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). The Senator from Georgia. WELCOMING THE GUEST CHAPLAIN Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I want to take just a moment today to recog-nize Dr. Benny Tate of Rock Springs Church in Milner, GA, for being here with us to deliver this morning’s open-ing prayer. Benny is my personal pastor, my dear friend, and inspiration for both my wife and me. He offered us constant prayer and support as I entered this po-litical journey and continues to do so today. Before I was sworn in to the Senate, we joined Benny on a personal mission trip to Haiti. It was a life-changing trip. We went to a community that had been stricken by the earthquake in 2010. We saw kids who were still sleep-ing and eating on the ground in tents. Yet we saw hope, and that is hope I will carry with me the rest of my life be-cause of this man, Benny Tate. Thank you, Brother Benny, for your faith, your life, and your service. We are all honored to have you here today. Mr. President, I yield the floor. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
OBAMACARE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, here is the headline too many Kentuck-ians had to wake up to this morning: ‘‘Health insurance rate hike requests average 17 percent in [my home State].’’ The story noted that these double- digit premium increases continue a na-tional trend of hefty hikes as insurers adapt to a market reshaped by Presi-dent Obama’s signature health care law—in other words, more unaffordable premium increases, thanks to ObamaCare. It was unfortunate to hear some of ObamaCare’s defenders try to pretend otherwise and blame these rates on something like uncertainty over Kynect’s future. As the story notes, ‘‘the only company that will offer plans statewide on the exchange next year said the requested rate increase has nothing to do with the end of Kynect.’’ Yesterday I shared stories from Kentuckians who continue to suf-fer under this law. Thanks to what we learned last night, I am afraid we will be hearing even more. ObamaCare’s defenders need to own up to what their partisan law is doing to the middle class and not waste another moment trying to de-flect attention elsewhere. They need to work with us to relieve the pain of ObamaCare and start over with real care. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the men and women who sign up to defend our Nation don’t ask for much, but our Nation certainly asks a lot of them. They sacrifice on our behalf every day. They deserve the kind of support that the National Defense Authorization Act before us can provide. It will honor commitments to veterans, servicemem-bers, and their families. It will author-ize raises, support Wounded Warriors, and improve military benefits and health care. We need to pass it. The Democratic leader needs to stop pre-venting us from doing so. Yesterday in his opening remarks, he claimed he was holding up the bill be-cause he hadn’t had the chance to read it—then talked about a new book he is reading. Today in his opening remarks he will surely make more excuses for Demo-crats not to do their jobs—then head to a press conference titled ‘‘Do Your Job.’’ You can’t make this stuff up. But it is not funny. Look, we get it. Democrats want to run TV ads claiming the Senate can’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.000 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3232 May 26, 2016 
get anything done. They know that is a really tough sell. They know the only chance to make it work is by slow- walking bills they actually support. Democrats don’t actually want to be on record opposing our troops before Memorial Day, so they support the bill in public then bog it down in private and cover with one embarrassing ex-cuse after the next: We haven’t read it. It was written in secret. The dog ate it. It is just embarrassing. As the chairman of the Armed Serv-ices Committee said, ‘‘We need to move forward with this legislation. We need to move forward with it now, for the sake of our men and women who are serving and defending this Nation and putting their lives on the line.’’ He is right. So here is an idea. How about Demo-crats skip talking about doing their jobs at a press conference and actually do their jobs instead? They can follow the lead of this Republican majority— a majority that continues to do its job—and show how important things can be accomplished for the American people as a result. So no more needless delays, no more embarrassing excuses, and no more blocking benefits for the men and women of our military. Let’s work together to get this done. We have already seen what is possible in the Republican-led Senate when we do. 
f 
THE REPUBLICAN-LED SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, so much has changed since the American people elected a new Republican major-ity to get the Senate back to work. Americans have told us to break through the gridlock and get the Sen-ate focused on real solutions again. We have, and we are. This doesn’t mean our colleagues across the aisle will always cooperate; we have certainly seen an unfortunate example of that this particular week. But what is clear is how the underlying fundamentals have changed: Commit-tees are now functioning; legislative processes are now working; we now continue to get important things done for the people who sent us here. It all started with a simple philos-ophy: Give Senators and the people they represent more of a say in the leg-islative process, and they will take more of a stake in the legislative out-come, regardless of party. So we did, and the results have been encouraging. This is how we have been able to trans-form gridlock into progress and dys-function into solutions. To give an example of what I mean, we recently took as many rollcall votes on one bill, the Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act, as the Senate took in all—all—of 2014 under the previous ma-jority. It is remarkable how far we have come in such a short time. Consider what we were able to achieve for our constituents in 2015 alone. Some said Congress could never break old traditions of short-term fixes and patches and punts, but we repeat-edly proved them wrong with meaning-ful and substantial reforms instead. That is certainly true of the new edu-cation reform law we passed. It re-placed No Child Left Behind with ‘‘the largest devolution of federal control to the states in a quarter-century.’’ It is a hugely important reform that empow-ers parents and prevents Washington from imposing Common Core. That is a notable conservative achievement. The same could be said of the deci-sive action we took to enact permanent tax relief for families and small busi-nesses or to bring an end to a job-kill-ing energy embargo from the 1970s or to place on President Obama’s desk a bill that would finally end ObamaCare’s cycle of broken promises and pain for the middle class. We secured pay raises for our troops, help for our veterans, and hope for the victims of human trafficking. We passed a landmark cyber security law that will help safeguard America’s per-sonal information. We achieved the most significant transportation solu-tion in years, one that will finally allow us to rebuild roads, bridges, and crumbling infrastructure without rais-ing taxes by a penny. We got a lot done for the American people in 2015. We are continuing to get a lot done for the American people in 2016. In just a few months, the Republican- led Senate has passed legislation pro-viding real solutions on a range of issues: Addressing the prescription opioid and heroin epidemic that is rav-aging our country with critical, com-prehensive legislation; modernizing American energy with the first broad energy bill since the Bush administra-tion; improving airport security and consumer protections with the most pro-passenger, pro-security FAA reau-thorization in years; deterring North Korea’s growing aggression with com-prehensive sanctions; keeping the Internet open and accessible by perma-nently banning government from tax-ing your access to the Internet; sup-porting American manufacturing by re-ducing tariffs that make it harder for American businesses to compete and to grow; defending American innovation and entrepreneurship protections against the theft of intellectual prop-erty; and just this week, combating sexual assault and human trafficking with new protections for victims and enhanced tools for law enforcement. These are just some of the things we have been able to accomplish the past few months alone. But we are not fin-ished. None of this would have been possible without functioning commit-tees and capable leaders to guide them. Those chairs often choose to focus on ideas where Republicans and Demo-crats can agree, not just where the two parties disagree, and we have gotten some really important legislation passed as a result. We have seen some truly notable anecdotes, too, like the fact that the Finance Committee has approved more bills to date in the 114th Congress ‘‘than any single Congress since 1980’’; like the fact that we got the appropria-tions process started this year at the earliest point in the modern budgeting era—in other words, in about 40 years; like the fact that we passed the first of these three appropriations bills at the earliest point in the modern budgeting era as well. It is good to see the appropriations process finally getting back on track after so many years of dysfunction. It is incredibly important for the Senate, it is definitely healthy for the demo-cratic process, and it will certainly allow us to address a variety of funding issues in a more thoughtful and delib-erative way. Take Zika, for instance. Combating the spread of the Zika virus has been a priority for both parties, so Repub-licans and Democrats deliberated and forged a compromise in committee. Senators debated that compromise out here on the floor and voted to pass it. Now Members of the Senate and the House are preparing the process of going to conference so we can get this measure down to the President. That is how you get good legislation to the President. That is what is known as doing your job around here. Of course, it will not be easy to get the appropriations process back on track completely after so many years of dysfunction, but we are committed to doing all we can. We have clearly demonstrated strong and steady progress already, and that is something that benefits both parties. It means more Members get a say. It means more scrutiny is brought to bear on the funds that are spent. It means more regular order and more of a Senate that functions even better for every-one. I am proud of all we have accom-plished in such a short time. We have put the Senate back to work, we have continued to get our jobs done, and that has allowed us to pass important legislation for the American people who, after all, sent us all here. I thank Senators from both sides who have worked with us to restore this Chamber to a place of higher purpose. I know there is more we can accomplish together, so let’s keep working to en-sure that we do. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
ISSUES BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. REID. Mr. President, it is not necessary to go into great detail about the past, but it is important to talk about the past so we understand what is going on now and what the future holds. The biggest change coming from the Republican majority is what the Demo-cratic minority has done. We have co-operated. We are not in the business of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.002 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3233 May 26, 2016 
filibustering everything. During the first 6 years of the Obama administra-tion, the Republicans initiated more than 600 filibusters. They filibustered everything. As an example, we tried to do the Energy bill for 5 years. Each time we tried, it was brought to a standstill by the Republicans. We have a Republican bill that we worked on. It is the same bill we did with Senator S
HAHEEN in the past with some additions to it. What happened to that bill is that it has gone to the dark hole in the House. They have stripped everything out of it that we had done. It is gone. We have done our utmost to cooperate. For my friend to talk about this Re-publican Senate that has done so much, he would have tremendous dif-ficulty finding any one thing that we didn’t try to do—any one thing. I talked about energy. It doesn’t matter what it was, it was filibustered—I re-peat—more than 600 times. The record will never be broken, I hope, as it has been a real detriment to our country and the U.S. Senate. For my friend to come and talk about how great the Senate is, is really absurd. I don’t know if he is taking the pages from Donald Trump—if you say enough that is wrong, people will say: Well, maybe it is not that bad. This Repub-lican Senate is a do-nothing Senate. He talked about opioid legislation. There isn’t anyone—not anyone from the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, any of the public health agen-cies around the country—who thinks what happened in the Senate helped them. Why? Because there is no money. They shuffled things around. There is no money. Opioid legislation needs money. They have refused to fund it. I don’t know how long it has been, but it has been at least 4 months since the people of Flint, MI, came to the re-alization that they had been poisoned— their children had been poisoned with lead. We tried so many different ways to get the Republicans to help that be-leaguered city, but, no, not a chance. The people of Flint, MI, are still drink-ing and bathing with bottled water. The children are still suffering the aw-fulness of lead. It is so detrimental to little brains. He talks about the Zika virus. How sad that he would think that giving no money to this program is a good deal. I will talk about that in a little more detail. The Zika virus is extremely se-rious. It could affect as many as 39 of our United States. There is no money. The President has said, and I will say right now, we should not go on recess while there is no money for Zika. The way things are set up under his great plan, the Zika virus will be funded sometime this fall. The mosquitoes will be dead or gone home—wherever that home is—by that time, and the American people will be infected. There was a mistake made by his staff dealing with renewable tax cred-its, which is so important to the Pre-siding Officer’s State and other States, and there have been efforts made to correct that mistake. That hasn’t been done yet. The House of Representatives, led by the Republicans, can’t pass a simple budget. This great Senate that he talks about couldn’t pass a budget. We don’t have a budget. We have no district court nominations. We have emer-gencies all over the country because there are too many people in trouble who want to litigate, and there are no judges to do that. No, we are not going to move on judges because Barack Obama, in their mind, is an illegit-imate President, and they have created Donald Trump—what has happened the last 7
1⁄2years, the Republicans oppos-ing anything that President Obama tried to do. They have created Donald Trump. They are not only failing us on district court nominations, circuit court nominations, we have a Supreme Court that has been bare. We don’t have a full complement of Supreme Court Justices. For my friend to stand here and say we are doing our job is ab-surd. If he wants to talk about the Defense authorization bill, we will be happy to do that. Here is a quote from M
ITCH M
CCONNELL , which is basically what today’s vote on the Defense authoriza-tion bill is all about: ‘‘The Defense au-thorization bill requires 4 to 5 weeks to debate.’’ That is what he said. Now he is changing his tune. I am not saying it is 4 to 5 weeks, but this bill is almost 2,000 pages, which we received the night before last at 5 o’clock. Shouldn’t Members and their staff be able to read these 2,000 pages before we dive into litigating and offering amendments? I will say, again, the chairman of the committee, the senior Senator from Arizona, has said: I am going to violate the budget agreement we have by bringing in $18 billion more for defense. The budget agreement says he can’t do that unless you equally fund non-defense. Shouldn’t we take a look at that? Shouldn’t we take a look at a 2,000-page bill—actually, 1,660 pages, not counting the annex that came on board Wednesday night as part of the bill? Shouldn’t we take a look at that? There are all kinds of earmarks, little goodies in that bill. We need to take a look at it. Is there anything wrong with that? I don’t think so. We look forward to considering this legislation. We did much better than the Republicans. If you want to go back, another little insight into his-tory—they not only fought going onto the bill, once we went on it, they wouldn’t let us get off the bill. That is not where we are coming from. We have a lot of things to do. We have to do TSCA. I hope he would find time in his busy schedule, his great ac-complishments, to work on a bill we have been trying to complete. I worked on this bill for the first time 28 years ago in the Senate. I was chairman of the subcommittee in the Senate. I did my best to take on the chemical indus-try, and I am sorry to report they won and America lost, but now we have an opportunity to have the American peo-ple winning for a change. What is the holdup in doing that bill? It is a con-ference report. Four weeks ago, I stood on the floor and said we shouldn’t go on break without having giving President Obama the $1.9 billion he needs to fight the Zika virus. Four weeks later—we are still off next week—we are not going to worry about those pesky mos-quitoes. The Senate is going to recess for another week. We are going to come back for 4 weeks and then we are out for 7 weeks. This great plan of my friend, the Republican leader, is some-what misleading. Anything he has been able to get done and tried to boast about are things they held us up from doing for 6 years. Last Friday President Obama said we should not leave today without having given public health officials the re-sources they need to combat the spread of Zika in the United States. Research-ers, doctors, and health officials—not only in the United States, all over the world—need this money. This money will be spent in America, but there will be a lot of effects around the world. There will be a lot of problems in Cen-tral and South America that we will be able to help. If we do it the right way, they can develop a vaccine at NIH, the Centers for Disease Control. They can’t do it without money. Again, there is no money. They shift things around. They say they have a plan. Don’t worry about Ebola, which was 18 months ago—a ravaging fear in the American people. It is still there, once that dis-ease pops up again, that condition pops up again in Africa, because it infects Americans who are there. But they have taken most of the money from Ebola, and the House is going to take all of it in this great plan he has. They need this money. They need it to pre-pare for this public health threat, which is here. To leave now without putting an emergency spending bill on the Presi-dent’s desk is the height of irrespon-sibility. No matter how you boast about that, that is a fact. As was reported by the Washington Post this morning, the New England Journal of Medicine released findings from the study of the Zika virus. Here is what they found: Women infected with Zika early in their pregnancies may have as high as a 13-percent chance of having a baby with microcephaly. What is that? The brain doesn’t grow. The skull caves in. It is a devastating birth defect, involving very small heads and incomplete devel-opment of the brain. Mosquitoes have caused problems in the world for generations—many gen-erations—but we have never had a re-port that the mosquito would transmit a virus that would cause 13 percent of pregnant women to have these de-formed babies. The Republican leader only needs to keep the Senate in session next week 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.004 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3234 May 26, 2016 
so we can pass a stand-alone Zika fund-ing bill that gives our country what it needs now, not this fall. We need to act before local transmission starts occur-ring in the continental United States. That is going to be soon. Late this fall will not do the trick. This fall is too late. It is time to act, not take a break. The Republican leader should not send the Senate out of session until we have done all we can to protect the Amer-ican people from the threat of this hor-rible virus. It doesn’t take into consideration the other things we are just leaving: Flint, MI, opioids. There are so many things we are walking away from in this insti-tution. 
f 
OBAMACARE Mr. REID. Mr. President, I am so happy to have my friend talk about ObamaCare. I am happy to have him talk about that because he is making himself not look very good, and that is a gross understatement. Yesterday the Commonwealth Fund released its fourth survey of ObamaCare. Here is what they found: Since the enactment of the Affordable Care Act, 28 million people have gained coverage either through marketplaces or Medicaid. In the last 3 years, the number of unin-sured Americans have been reduced by 13 million people. Those are 13 million more people who have insurance now than they had 3 years ago, and 82 per-cent of American adults enrolled in private plans or government coverage said they were satisfied with their plans. Those numbers are further evidence the Affordable Care Act is helping the American people. It is getting people insured, many for the first time in their lives. Yesterday a woman came to me and said: Thank goodness. I—a dia-betic—have been able to buy insurance because of ObamaCare. It is giving families important sub-sidies so they can afford the plan they need, and it is providing options, allow-ing Americans to cater their health in-surance plans to their needs. Much has been made recently about premiums. My friend has made a big deal about premiums, especially by Republicans looking for any opening to spread mis-information, falsehoods. They love to come and talk about ObamaCare, how horrible it is for the American people. Allow me to set the record straight again. At this point, we are all looking at proposed increases. This, of course, is preliminary information. Let’s consider Arkansas as an exam-ple. I picked Arkansas because one of the Senators from Arkansas is usually presiding, and I want him to hear this. Three out of the four companies that offer policies on Arkansas’ health in-surance marketplace proposed high premium increases for their enrollees. All of these increases were hikes of at least 10 percent. Fortunately, for the people of Arkansas, the Affordable Care Act helps. For starters, the vast major-ity of enrollees in Arkansas are pro-tected from premium increases. Why? Because ObamaCare tax credits actu-ally cap health insurance premiums for 85 percent of consumers. In Arkansas, 87 percent of consumers receive tax credits that help make coverage afford-able; 62 percent of Arkansas enrollees had the option to select plans as low as $75 per month after tax credits. There are other ObamaCare provisions that safeguard against these rates that are out of line. Thanks to a provision with-in the law, State leaders have the re-sources to conduct a thorough review of the proposed rate increases. In Ar-kansas’ case, the State received $9.2 million to study proposed premium in-creases. Now it is up to Arkansas’ Gov-ernor and insurance commissioner to do the job and examine their rate pro-posals. State leaders have until August 23 to approve final rates for the 2017 ex-change plans. The Arkansas insurance commis-sioner, Allen Kerr, already made it clear that he and the Governor are op-posed to the hikes. Governor Hutch-inson is a well known, fine man. I served with his brother and him in Congress. His brother was in the Sen-ate. Allen Kerr said: 
Governor Hutchinson and I do not believe there is substantive justification for these rate increases. For that reason, we expect to take action to deny the requested rate in-creases until there is sufficient justification to properly consider any rate increase. 
Before we passed the Affordable Care Act, Americans in the individual insur-ance market were hit with double-digit health premium increases every year without any exception. Back then, if the insurance company said you need to pay more, you either paid up or lost your insurance. Consumers had no re-course. And they were charged more because they had an illness the pre-vious year. They were charged more for all kinds of reasons. And insurance companies could deny covering certain conditions all together—one is if you were a woman. Now that Americans have ObamaCare in their corner, insurers can no longer charge more because you are sick or deny coverage to someone who has a certain illness. All condi-tions are covered, period. When insur-ance companies want premium in-creases, States have resources to fight back just like Arkansas, and when con-sumers decide that a plan is no longer working, they can—and should—shop around. In fact, everyone should do all they can to ensure that they are get-ting the best deal possible. That is what these marketplaces are for—to give the American people options. The Republican leader should be em-barrassed by what he said this morn-ing. For all this misinformation said on the Senate floor almost every day, the truth can’t be hidden: The Afford-able Care Act is keeping Americans in-sured and providing them options to find health coverage that meets their needs. I say to my friend the Republican leader, that is why today America has the lowest uninsured rate in the his-tory of the country. The uninsured rate is at 9.1 percent. That is the lowest rate ever. The facts are undeniable. The Affordable Care Act is working. Will the Chair announce the business of the day. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 2943, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 469, S. 2943, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I am back here for the 44th edition of ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ I am starting to enjoy this, and I hope someone else is, but what we don’t enjoy is the fact that the gov-ernment is wasting taxpayer money. We have been documenting this for 44 weeks now, and we have come up with a significant total that is approaching $200 billion of waste. People get up every morning, go to work—put in a hard-day’s work if they have a job—try to save money so they can get the mortgage paid each month, get the insurance covered, get the gas tank filled up in the car, and hopefully save a little money for their kids’ edu-cation. But every time they get a pay-check at the end of the week, they look at it and see deductions for this, that, and everything, such as State taxes, Federal taxes, sales taxes, excise taxes, such as the tax at the pump, and on and on it goes. You can’t go to a gro-cery store, clothing store, or any retail store without getting a tax slapped on everything you buy. That money comes to Washington as a Federal tax, and at the very least, the taxpayer is due 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.004 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3235 May 26, 2016 
careful use of their hard-earned tax dollars to fund the Federal Govern-ment. There are essential functions that the Federal Government and only the Federal Government can deal with—States participate with the pay-ment of interstate highways, along with some Federal support—and one of those functions is national defense. The minority leader was just talking about delays, delays, delays, and how we are not getting anything done. My colleagues and I have been standing around here all week waiting to move on to one of the essential functions of government that has to be done every year, and that is funding for our na-tional security and national defense. Through the use of parliamentary ma-neuvers, the minority leader, who was just talking about not getting any-thing done, is the reason we are not getting it done. I can understand that there is an issue that the other side doesn’t think should go forward and they want to use senatorial privileges and procedures to stop it from going forward. I mean, that happens on both sides of the aisle. But national defense is something for which we have bipartisan support. In the end, this bill will probably pass 98 to 2 or 100 to nothing. What the minority leader didn’t say is that every Democrat on the defense committee, after spending hundreds of hours putting this together, supported it. The minority leader comes down here and says: We don’t know what is in it. His own people wrote this legislation, along with Republicans, and in the end, the committee sanctioned it by voting for it. Every Democrat on the com-mittee voted for this bill, and now the minority leader comes down to the floor and says: We don’t know what is in it. Why don’t you talk to your own people? Why not talk to the people you have assigned to this committee? I can understand why he doesn’t want to read every word of this bill—I don’t think he reads every word of any bill— but I don’t understand why he is using that tactic to keep us from going for-ward with something the Federal Gov-ernment must provide for—our de-fense—at a time when threats are as high as we have ever seen. The world is on fire, and we need a strong national defense. Both Democrats and Repub-licans understand that, and yet we have wasted an entire week because the minority leader has used proce-dural motions to keep us from even talking about the bill. This isn’t pas-sage of the bill; this is not amending the bill; this is about the ability to come here and start talking about the bill. I didn’t come down here to discuss this particular issue; I came down here to talk about how money that is sent here by taxpayers is used and the waste and misuse of that money. But you can’t sit here very long and listen to the minority leader without some re-sponse to his nonsensical approach on this issue. The only good news is that very few people were watching, so what difference does it make? I am here to talk about the waste of the week. I hope the pages enjoy this one. You can’t make up some of this stuff. The Government Accountability Of-fice has the accountability of what we do with taxpayer dollars, and they keep pouring stuff out of here through the inspectors general, whose job it is to make sure the taxpayer dollars are spent accordingly for what they need to be spent for, and they have a cat-egory called waste, fraud, and abuse. I have just been scratching the sur-face of the waste, fraud, and abuse of hard-earned taxpayer dollars. Those dollars ought to go into the savings of our taxpayers and not sent here to Washington to be wasted. I have been down here 44 times talking about sepa-rate wastes of the week, and it is out-rageous. If this body does anything, we should take the word of those in the government who have pointed at agen-cies that have incorporated waste, fraud, and abuse and deal with it. Here we go with ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ 44. It is called the solar field of death. It sounds like a movie—solar field of death. This week we are looking at a solar powerplant that puts taxpayers on the hook for $1.5 billion. Here is the history. In 2011 the De-partment of Energy provided a $1.5 bil-lion loan guarantees for the develop-ment of a solar thermal field in Cali-fornia called Desert Sunlight. We all know there is a lot of sunlight in the desert. It is one of the largest solar fields in the world. But most of us un-derstand—and we see these solar fields and solar panels on top of some houses and commercial buildings—that these solar panels absorb sunlight and turn it into energy, and that is an alternative energy to what we usually get from a powerplant burning coal, gas, or what-ever. Environmentalists like this because it doesn’t use coal. There has been a war on Coal and a war on fossil fuels, but what really surprises me is the war on natural gas, which has just a frac-tion of the carbon emissions that come out of fossil fuel. Nevertheless, alter-native energy is something the govern-ment has been pursuing, but we would like them to pursue that in a way that is economically feasible and doesn’t put the taxpayer at such great risk. Well, the Obama administration es-sentially, in its war on coal, has said: Look, go on out there, and we will put up loan guarantees. Do your thing. Ex-periment, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, and if it fails, don’t worry—the taxpayer will back it up because we have given a guarantee to some of these companies with ideas. Some of the ideas have worked, some have been cost-effective, but many fewer than people thought. This one was supposed to be the ultimate. They said: Let’s go out in the desert. The Sun shines all the time, and we will not put solar panels out there, but in-stead we will put out mirrors. Here is a picture of it out in the desert. There are literally hundreds of thousands of mirrors out there all di-rected at this tower. This tower then reflects the heat bouncing off the mir-rors all directed in here toward the tower, which then boils water and then it produces through a steam turbine that energy and send it out over the wires to light up homes, factories, and provide electricity for people in Cali-fornia. That sounds pretty straightforward. Maybe it is a good idea. It probably would have been good if they tested it out before they put the mirrors out there. If they had done that, maybe they would have learned some things. What was the first thing they learned? Nobody seemed to factor in that the Sun doesn’t always shine in the desert because sometimes there are clouds. As it turns out, one-third of the power they thought they would get they don’t get because it is cloudy. You would think somebody would have said before the government offered a $1.5 billion guarantee: What about the cloudy days? They projected how much energy can be gotten to light up and provide electricity for California when the Sun is shining, but they are oper-ating on the basis that the Sun is al-ways going to be shining. How about nighttime? How much light or heat are we going to get di-rected toward those mirrors from the Moon? Not very much, if anything. Clouds came to be a factor, and what we found out is that the plant is pro-ducing only about a quarter of the en-ergy that was originally envisioned. I am not a scientist, and I am not somebody who has a specialty in alter-native energy, but I think I would have had the gumption to say: How about clouds? Are these projections that you have made regarding the kind of en-ergy that is going to be produced going to be cost effective so that the tax-payer is not on the hook? Apparently, somebody didn’t figure that out be-cause we are only getting a quarter of what we thought we were going to get out of it. What the company did is say: OK. We are not getting what we wanted, but we need an extension. We need extensions on payments to the Federal Govern-ment because the plant isn’t gener-ating the kind of energy needed and therefore not getting the kinds of prof-its from the users of electricity for us to pay back the loan. So the Obama ad-ministration said: Yes, we are for alter-native energy. Go ahead. We will ex-tend this. They did extend the pay-ments. Earlier this year, the California Public Utilities Commission gave the plant a lifeline, giving it 1 more year to fix the problems. Another problem was that while pro-duction improved, the average price for a megawatt hour of electricity from the plant was $150. Compare that with the price for a megawatt, the same amount of energy, on natural gas, which is $35. The customers said: Wait 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.006 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3236 May 26, 2016 
a minute. I am paying a utility bill at the rate of $150 per megawatt hour of electricity, and if we were using nat-ural gas, we would only pay $35. So what is the deal here? It turned out that alternative energy, while it is al-ternative, also is not cost effective. The assumption is that we are saving on carbon emissions. OK. Well, that didn’t work either. For starters, it takes the boilers that they have to heat up because, of course, it is night-time and the mirrors aren’t reflecting any Sun that reflects heat that causes the water to boil and then to be used to turn the turbines to produce elec-tricity. It takes 4.5 hours every day to get up to speed. Guess how they do that? They have to use natural gas to get it to the point where then the Sun can add more to it. Maybe somebody didn’t figure that out, either. In 2014, the plant emitted 46,000 met-ric tons of carbon—nearly twice the amount of carbon that power plants can emit under California State law. So the State said: Here’s the limit of what you can emit in carbon, but thank goodness we have this solar field because that doesn’t issue any. Well, it issues twice as much as what they were getting out of natural gas. That appar-ently didn’t get figured in. People say: Well, there is an environ-mental advantage here. This environ-mental advantage means we don’t have to put carbon in the air, and it is going to be a much cleaner source of energy, and there will not be any adverse ef-fects on the environment. They have to also factor in that there are birds that fly in the air—a lot more birds than you might think. The heat has killed over 3,500 birds each year. They fry to death because there is so much heat re-flected from those mirrors, and it is a huge field. The birds are probably at-tracted to the light, and by the time they get into this field, it is like going into a deep fat fryer. In Indiana there is a saying that if you can fry it, you can eat it. I have seen pictures of these fried birds. Trust me, we don’t want to eat them. But $1.5 billion in taxpayers’ money has been spent for a solar field of death that kills thousands of birds each year, doesn’t produce much energy, and then, finally, sets itself on fire. I am not making this up. They had the mir-rors redirected the wrong way, so it hit the cables that were providing the source for the energy to go down, and the cables caught on fire. I had a pic-ture with the tower on fire, but we didn’t bring it down here. What a boondoggle. I mean, look, is this interesting? Yeah. Is this funny? Yeah, but this is taxpayer money. This is a waste of $1.5 billion of taxpayer- guaranteed money. This is money that people send to Washington after a hard week’s work. So, while it is interesting to talk about fried birds and mirrors redirecting the energy to the tower that catches on fire, the clouds coming over, and so on and so forth, the seri-ous issue here is it is yet another waste of taxpayer money. Think what this $1.5 billion could be used for if it could be left in the hands of the taxpayer for whatever use—to pay the mortgage, send the kids to school—or if it could be used for com-mon defense, protecting the American people from terrorist attacks or essen-tial functions or repairing bridges or paving some roads. It is like driving in a third world country here in Washington, DC. There are potholes one wouldn’t believe— cracks in the roads. Bumping along, I see people’s hubcaps flying off cars and people pulled over to the side because their tire is blown out. I blew out two tires a year ago for the same reason. No environmental activist, fiscal conservative, or rational person should continue to support solar field of death. So I am labeling this as a waste of the week. The Obama administra-tion continues to refuse to admit any of these half-baked—in this case fully fried—ideas that don’t succeed. They are continuing to advocate for the solar field of death rather than put tax-payer money to better use. So here we go, adding $1.5 billion to a waste of taxpayer money, putting us to $172 billion of accountable money spent through government agencies’ waste, fraud, and abuse. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, are we in morning business? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate is postcloture on the motion to pro-ceed. Mr. HELLER. I ask unanimous con-sent to speak as in morning business for up to 6 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
MEMORIAL DAY  
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, every day that I drive into Washington, DC, coming here to work, I pass by the Iwo Jima Memorial and Arlington National Cemetery. It is a humbling reminder of the valiant men and women from across this Nation who have answered the call of duty in two world wars, the wars in Korea, Vietnam, the Persian Gulf, Iraq, Afghanistan, and numerous other conflicts waged to keep America free. It constantly reminds me that the ongoing fight to care for our Nation’s veterans is my duty and my responsi-bility as a Member of the U.S. Senate. These fearless warriors had moms and dads of their own. They had sons, daughters, loved ones, neighbors, and friends, but they selflessly made the ul-timate sacrifice for all of us. They stood against tyranny, fought oppression and injustice, defended lib-erty with the highest measure of honor, valor, and courage. They dem-onstrated the greatest love a person can have by laying down their lives for our country. The greatest honor we can bestow on our men and women in uniform and their families is to remember their im-measurable sacrifice. While we carry on the tradition of Memorial Day, let us never forget that every day is a chance to thank and honor our patriots in uniform. Last week I had the honor of attend-ing the final sendoff for two of Ne-vada’s very own at Arlington National Cemetery. I would like to speak about one of them. His name is Bob Wheeler. Bob Wheeler was a patriot in every sense of the word. He joined the U.S. Air Force in November of 1962, serving in the pararescue career field. He was recognized as a true innovator in his leadership position, opening the door for free-fall parachuting and combat tactics. He led by example, working diligently and earnestly to help those around him and to protect our country. Bob was credited with saving 28 lives throughout his career, including vul-nerable aviators who had crashed and distressed seamen in the Vietnam war. He received the Distinguished Flying Cross for Valor, the Airman’s Medal, numerous commendation medals, 17 Air Medals and SEA Service ribbons. His 20 years of service and bravery will never be forgotten. These are the types of men and women our armed services are made up of, and they live across this Nation in each and every State representing us in this body. I had the pleasure of working with Bob Wheeler personally. He served on my Nevada Veterans Advisory Council. We worked as a team along with the rest of the council to help improve re-sources for Nevada’s veterans commu-nity. His firsthand knowledge of com-bat and veterans’ needs cannot be rep-licated. He was one of a kind, and I am thankful to have had him as an ally helping Nevada’s veterans. That is why I am disappointed to hear the head of the VA, Secretary Robert McDonald, comparing the wait times veterans experience at the VA for health care appointments to the wait times at Disney theme parks. It is totally inappropriate, and it is inexcus-able. It shows there is still a culture and attitude inside the VA that needs to be changed. The mission of the VA should be serving the veterans, not finding ways to avoid accountability. With the words ‘‘To care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow, and his orphan,’’ President Lin-coln affirmed the government’s obliga-tion to care for those injured in war and to provide for families who gave the ultimate sacrifice. Congress will do this by working diligently on behalf of those who served and survived, which is why one of the greatest privileges of serving Nevada in this body is the op-portunity to sit on the Senate Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. Recently I joined my colleagues to introduce the Veterans First Act. It fo-cuses on improving the delivery of care and benefits to our Nation’s veterans and their families. Specifically, I championed causes that reform the VA disabilities claims process and create a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.008 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3237 May 26, 2016 
system that can withstand surges in disability claims without generating another claims backlog. I also sought to implement a new, voluntary 5-year pilot program to help reduce the large backlog of appeals at the Veterans Benefits Administration. I want to establish a new channel whereby veterans can expedite their appeal instead of having to wait 2 to 4 years for a decision by the Board of Veterans Appeals. Finally, I want to ensure that all those veterans and their families are cared for, which is why this bill in-cludes provisions to reimburse VA- funded shelters for the care of children of homeless veterans. On behalf of the State of Nevada, the U.S. Senate, and the United States of America, I express my sincere grati-tude to the families of all Nevadans who have given their lives in the line of duty. I assure you that your loss will never be forgotten, and I thank and commend each of the brave Nevadans currently serving in our Armed Forces, as well as their families, for their sac-rifice. But my gratitude extends across the Nation to all veterans and their families. We owe all of you a debt of thanks that can never be repaid. May God bless our troops, and may He continue to bless this great coun-try. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. 
FRANK R . LAUTENBERG CHEMICAL SAFETY FOR  
THE 21ST CENTURY BILL  
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, we are working behind the scenes to allow a vote on H.R. 2576, the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act. My understanding of the sta-tus of this vote is that we are fine on the Democratic side, but there is an ob-jection to moving to it on the Repub-lican side. I am hopeful this can be re-solved because this bill has been the most complicated, difficult, and emo-tional journey that I have ever had in the Senate. The fact that we have reached agree-ment—the vast, vast majority of us— showed in the House vote, where I think there were only about 1 dozen ‘‘no’’ votes. I think it is ripe for a vote. When you talk about regulating chemi-cals—toxic chemicals—it is not just an academic discussion. It has real-life consequences. When you name a bill after Senator Frank Lautenberg, who fought for the environment all of his life, it better be a bill worthy of his name. The cost of toxic chemicals to soci-ety is enormous. It is not only in terms of dollars but in terms of pain and suf-fering. They have extracted a very, very high cost on our people. Let me give you a few examples, be-cause sometimes we talk in technical-ities. I want to talk in realities. Asbes-tos is one of the most harmful chemi-cals known to humankind. It takes 15,000 lives a year. It is linked to a deadly form of lung cancer called mesothelioma. That is when micro-scopic asbestos fibers, which are invis-ible and stay suspended in the air, get deep into the lungs of so many people, including children. They breathe these fibers deep into the lungs, where those fibers cause serious damage. Another example brought to me by my brave firefighters in San Francisco is flame retardants. That is another category of dangerous chemicals that has been linked to a wide array of seri-ous health problems, including cancer, reduced IQ, developmental delays, obe-sity, and reproductive difficulties. These harmful chemicals have been added to dozens of everyday items such as furniture and baby products. Now, we know there are flame retardants that are way safer. We know we can do better than we have done so far. Again, I want to say that the San Francisco firefighters who gave testi-mony in my EPW Committee when I was chairman about the cancer rates they are experiencing believe it is di-rectly related to flame retardants. So, again, reforming TSCA, which is the Toxic Substances Control Act, is not about a theory. It is about our fam-ilies. It is about being a part of a can-cer epidemic that we have to get under control. Now, we know that the TSCA bill, as it was written so many years ago—in the 1970s—was very weak. It was impos-sible for the EPA really to regulate any chemical because the standard was so weak. They could not prove that it needed to be regulated. Therefore, that bill has needed to be reformed for so many years. When the Federal Government, in essence, had no program or very little program, the States stepped in to fill the void. My State, thankfully, was one of the States that stepped in to fill the void. Several States did so. About a dozen States, roughly, had strong programs to regulate these chemicals. So I knew that these States were doing a good job. I knew if we were to pass a Federal bill, we had to allow the States to continue their good work. But when the Lautenberg-Vitter TSCA bill was first introduced, shortly before Frank Lautenberg passed away in 2013, something was terribly wrong. There was total preemption of State action. The standard for the Federal bill was so weak that we would just have noth-ing going on. We would have a bill in name only, a law in name only. Noth-ing would be able to be regulated. Now, I had worked previously with Frank Lautenberg on four TSCA bills dating back to 2005. Every one of those bills before that 2013 Lautenberg-Vitter bill was strong and took the side of the American people, not the chemical companies. It never preempted the States. What it basically said is that we will set a floor, as we do in most environ-mental laws. If the States want to do more to protect their people—whether your State is California, North Dakota, South Dakota, Washington, Massachu-setts, or New York; it does not mat-ter—the States would be free to do more if they felt a particular chemical was harming their population. I always thought that States’ rights were big around here. Well, when you read that bill, in 2013, I will tell you, it looked like it was written by the chem-ical companies. I could never support it. That bill was a travesty. It was a disaster. I fought it every step of the way. Again, there was sweeping pre-emption of my State’s ability and every State’s ability to protect citizens from harmful chemicals. Again, it was a very weak standard for evaluating chemicals. The way it worked was really incredible. If a chemical was just being looked at by the EPA, States were out of the pic-ture—out of the picture. So, S. 1009, in my opinion and in the opinion of many experts who helped me throughout all this—the nurses and doctors who cared, all kinds of wonderful environmental groups, and the Breast Cancer Fund; and I will list those later—they helped me. I realized again that that bill— that original bill—would have had no controls whatsoever and given the chemical companies the green light to do whatever they wanted regardless of its impact on the health of our people. Again, the States were left completely out of the picture the minute the EPA announced they were looking at a chemical. That situation, I could never have allowed to continue. I stopped the bill from moving for-ward while I negotiated to get rid of its flaws. Now, this is the first time I have ever stood here and said I stopped a bill. I am known as a legislator. I want to find the sweet spot. But we didn’t find the sweet spot until just recently, I am happy to say. But it was a very lonely battle at times—just a couple of people working with me here. One per-son even said I was the most unpopular person because I was not getting out of the way. But that is not why I am here. I can’t get out of the way of a bad bill. Now, when the Republicans took the gavel of EPW, the Environment and Public Works Committee, a new bill, S. 697, was introduced by Senators U
DALL  and V
ITTER . I looked at that bill. I swear, I said it looked like it was writ-ten by the chemical companies. Again, I was heartbroken. Sure enough, a story broke in the Hearst newspapers entitled: ‘‘Questions raised on author-ship of chemicals bill.’’ I ask unanimous consent to have that article printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Hearst Newspaper, Mar. 16, 2015] Q
UESTIONS RAISED ON AUTHORSHIP OF  C
HEMICALS BILL (By David McCumber) W
ASHINGTON .—It’s certainly well-known in Washington that when it comes to the mak-ing of the sausage, lobbyists frequently have their thumbs in the pork. But usually, they don’t actually leave their electronic signa-tures on bills. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.009 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3238 May 26, 2016 
The elaborately titled Frank Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act makes its debut at a Senate Environment and Public Works Committee hearing Wednesday. It’s a high-stakes bill: If it be-comes law, it would be the first update in 39 years of federal regulation of toxic sub-stances like asbestos, formaldehyde and hun-dreds of other chemicals. In recent days, a draft of the bill—consid-ered the product of more than two years of negotiation and collaboration between Sen. David Vitter, R–La., Sen. Tom Udall, D– N.M., and both chemical industry and envi-ronmental groups—was circulated by Udall’s office ahead of the hearing. The draft bill, obtained by Hearst Newspapers, is in the form of a Microsoft Word document. Rudi-mentary digital forensics—going to ‘‘ad-vanced properties’’ in Word—shows the ‘‘company’’ of origin to be the American Chemistry Council. The ACC, as the council is known, is the leading trade organization and lobbyist for the chemical industry. And opponents of the Vitter-Udall bill have pounced on the docu-ment’s digital fingerprints to make the point that they believe the bill favors industry far too much. ‘‘We’re apparently at the point in the minds of some people in the Congress that laws intended to regulate polluters are now written by the polluters themselves,’’ said Ken Cook, president of the Environmental Working Group, who will testify against the bill at Wednesday’s hearing. ‘‘Call me old-fashioned, but a bill to pro-tect the public from harmful chemicals should not be written by chemical industry lobbyists. The voices of our families must not be drowned out by the very industry whose documented harmful impacts must be addressed, or the whole exercise is a sham,’’ Sen. Barbara Boxer, D–Calif., said Monday. Boxer, who chaired the committee when the Democrats held the majority, and Sen. Edward Markey, D–Mass., have introduced an alternative version of the bill with much more stringent regulatory provisions. Udall’s office was a little indignant and somewhat embarrassed Monday. ‘‘That docu-ment originated in our office,’’ said Udall’s communications director, Jennifer Talhelm. ‘‘It was shared with a number of stake-holders including at least one other senator’s office. One of those stakeholders was the ACC. ‘‘We believe that somebody at the ACC saved the document, and sent it back to us,’’ Talhelm said, accounting for the digital trail. ‘‘Sen. Udall’s office has been very, very engaged with bringing various stakeholders to the table as part of the process of writing the best possible bill,’’ Talhelm added. ‘‘This is just one example.’’ Earlier this month, a New York Times story detailed Udall’s alliance with the chemical industry on the bill. In that story, ACC President Cal Dooley, a former Cali-fornia Democratic congressman, said ‘‘the leadership (Udall) is providing is absolutely critical’’ to the industry. On Monday, ACC spokeswoman and vice president Anne Kolter said, ‘‘It doesn’t mean the original document was generated here. Anyone could have put that (digital signa-ture) in there. You could change it.’’ Asked if that meant she was denying ACC wrote the document, she said, ‘‘I have no idea. . . . There’s no way for anyone to tell.’’ ‘‘You’re not the first reporter to ask about this,’’ she said. ‘‘We’ve been able to raise enough questions’’ that nobody else has writ-ten about it, she added. Cook of the Environmental Working Group said the copy of the draft he received bore the same electronic signature, and a Boxer staffer on the committee confirmed that their copy did as well. A Senate IT staffer told Boxer’s office, ‘‘We can confidently say that the document was created by a user with American Chemistry Council. Their name is specified as Author and their Orga-nization is specified as American Chemistry Council.’’ The Vitter-Udall version of the bill is ex-pected to gain enough bipartisan support to pass out of committee to the Senate floor. The bill’s fate from there is uncertain, and some of the Boxer-Markey provisions could possibly be included in the final bill. In its current form, the bill is opposed by many environmental, health and labor orga-nizations and several states, because it would gut state chemical regulations. 
Mrs. BOXER. According to this story: 
[T]he draft bill, obtained by Hearst News-papers, is in the form of a Microsoft Word document. Rudimentary digital forensics . . . shows the ‘‘company’’ of origin to be the American Chemistry Council. 
Imagine: The bill that was being cir-culated came right out of the computer of the American Chemistry Council. How could anyone believe it was a fair and just bill that protected the public? That document was not simply a set of comments by the chemical industry. It was circulated as the most current draft of the bill at the time. Everyone will see the story, and I commend the reporter for doing this deep investiga-tion. But I never gave up on the bill. I continued to negotiate with my col-leagues. I commend Senators W
HITEHOUSE , M
ERKLEY , and B OOKER . They went for-ward and negotiated some significant fixes to that disastrous bill as it moved through the EPW Committee. Their improvements were very important but still many serious flaws remained. My State of California and other States that had programs to regulate chemi-cals and all these public interests— probably 450 public organizations that protect the health of our children, of our families, of our elderly, of our dis-abled—were all strongly against it. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a list of letters from States and many or-ganizations demonstrating the opposi-tion to and concern with the bill. You can see what the opposition was, and still colleagues said: No, no, no, Senator B
OXER , you are unreasonable. Well, really, was I unreasonable when we had letters against the bill and let-ters expressing concern from the Mas-sachusetts attorney general; letters from the attorneys general of New York, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Oregon, and Washington; a letter from the Of-fice of the Attorney General of Cali-fornia; the California Environmental Protection Agency; the Washington State Department of Ecology; the Vermont attorney general; a letter from Safer Chemicals, Healthy Fami-lies; the American Association for Jus-tice; the Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization; a letter from the Breast Cancer Fund; the American Sustain-able Business Council Action Fund; the Environmental Working Group, which opposed it; 25 law professors; health care organizations; the Union of Con-cerned Scientists; the Environmental Health Strategy Center; Safer States; Earthjustice; Seventh Generation; a re-productive health letter; and a letter from the Center for Environmental Health? They are all in here. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
LETTERS OF CONCERN ON S . 697 Letter from Massachusetts Attorney Gen-eral Maura Healey Letter from the Attorneys General of New York, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Oregon, and Washington Letter from Brian E. Nelson, General Counsel, Office of California Attorney Gen-eral Letter from the California Environmental Protection Agency (Cal EPA) Letter from Washington State Department of Ecology Letter from Vermont Attorney General’s office Letter from Safer Chemicals, Healthy Families Letter from American Association for Jus-tice (AAJ) Letter from Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization Letter from the Breast Cancer Fund Letter from the American Sustainable Business Council Action Fund Letter from the Environmental Working Group Letter from 25 Law Professors Letter from Health Care Organizations on S. 697 Letter from the Union of Concerned Sci-entists Letter from Environmental Health Strat-egy Center Letter from Safer States Letter from Earthjustice Letter from Seventh Generation Reproductive Health Letter Letter from Center for Environmental Health. 
Mrs. BOXER. The history of this bill must be made permanent in the record. It started out as a disaster, and it got to a point where it is better than cur-rent law. That makes me very happy. The negotiations on the bill continued. Again, several Members helped us, and we still had problems with the bill. We tripled our efforts to improve it. I want to say that the 450 organizations that were part of the Safer Chemicals, Healthy Families coalition worked with me. They were the wind at my back. My staff, the EPW staff director and chief counsel, Bettina Poirier, and my senior policy adviser, Jason Albritton, were incredible. I also thank the Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization. As I said before, asbestos is one of the most dangerous chemicals in exist-ence today. It is the poster child for the failure of the old TSCA law that we are reforming. These organizations and States stood strong despite enormous pressure. They took a lot of heat. I am so grate-ful to them for their persistence be-cause—let’s be clear—without their persistence, without just a few law-makers who had the courage to stand up to the special interests, we never ever would have been able to negotiate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.002 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3239 May 26, 2016 
improvements to this bill—so many improvements to this bill. I want to be clear that a lot of these organizations still think the bill is too weak and still would like to see it stronger, and so would I. If I could write this bill myself, I would use the usual formula we have for environmental laws. We set a stand-ard. We set a floor. People have to abide by it. But if the States feel they can do more, they should be able to. In this bill, although the States now have a tremendous amount of leeway, they don’t have 100-percent leeway. That is why there is still opposition— not so much in the Senate but with some of the organizations. But I have to say to them that this is a bill that I believe is better than current law. There was a 24/7 commitment from my staff. They worked Friday nights, Saturdays, Sundays—constantly. They constantly worked well with Senator I
NHOFE ’s staff to get the best bill we could. My staff, as do all of us, have strong family obligations and responsibilities. So I just wish to take a minute to thank their families for sharing them with us, because they missed family time. They did it for the good of all of the children in the country, because when we control these toxic chemicals and we protect our children, it is going to help everybody. I am for this bill because we made amazing improvements to it, and I am going to highlight these improvements. No. 1, the first major area of im-provement is in the preemption of States. I said before that if I had writ-ten the bill, I would have no preemp-tion. I would set the floor and let the States make it even better. We were unable to get that. But here is what the facts are. The States are free to take whatever action they want on any chemical, and there are many—thou-sands, tens of thousands. The States are free to take whatever action they want on any chemical until the EPA has taken a series of steps to consider a particular chemical. That is the first thing. They are free on any chemical they want until the Federal Govern-ment announces that they are studying certain chemicals. No. 2, when EPA announces the chemicals they are studying, the States are still not shut out. They have up to a year and a half to take action on these particular chemicals to avoid preemption until EPA takes final ac-tion. So if there is no chemical being studied, they can study any chemical in the States, and they can control any chemical. When EPA announces steps, they still have a year and a half to ban that chemical until we see the results of the Federal Government. No. 3, even after EPA announces its regulation, the States can still have a waiver so they can still regulate the chemical. They will have to make the case. For example, if the EPA decides to do very little regulation of a chem-ical that is very present in one of our States because of perhaps the oil indus-try or fracking or something and if the State has a reason to do more, it can go get a waiver. We made that waiver a lot easier for States than when it originally came to us. The first 10 chemicals that EPA eval-uates under the bill are also exempted from preemption until the final rule is issued. This is very important because the EPA is already studying about 10 chemicals. State or local restrictions on a chemical that were in place before April 22, 2016, will not be preempted. So if any one of your States took action on a chemical before April 22, 2016, they will not be preempted. The second area of improvement con-cerns asbestos. I fought hard to ensure that dangerous substances like asbes-tos are prioritized to get the attention they deserve from regulators. I talked about asbestos as one of the most harmful substances known to human-kind. I believe it should have been banned a long time ago. I support an immediate ban and will introduce a standalone bill to do just that. But the prioritization in this bill is a start. The third area of improvement in-cludes cancer clusters. We added a pro-vision—which was based on my bill with Senator C
RAPO , the Community Disease Cluster Assistance Act, or Trevor’s Law—that provides localities that ask for it a coordinated response to cancer clusters in their commu-nities. I wish to say to Trevor, who may be listening: Thank you, Trevor. He came forward and he told his story. Fourth, persistent chemicals that build up in the body are a priority in this legislation. Fifth, the bill ensures that toxic chemicals that are stored near drink-ing water are prioritized. Remember that in 2014 West Virginia lost their drinking water supply because there were chemicals stored right near that drinking water supply, causing havoc and disruption. I thank the two Senators from West Virginia for supporting me on that. Sixth, the bill enables EPA to order independent testing if there are safety concerns about a chemical, and those tests will be paid for by the chemical manufacturer. The EPA, if they have concerns, regardless of their program, can go into a chemical company and say: We see that you have been using this chemical more, and we are worried about it. We order you to provide for us a very unbiased, independent analysis of whether it is safe. I thank Members in the House for working hard with us on this impor-tant improvement, and that is Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle. Finally, even the standard for evalu-ating whether a chemical is dangerous is better. The bill requires EPA to evaluate chemicals based on risk—not cost, risk—and considers the impact on vulnerable populations. This is very critical because the old law was use-less. It was thrown out in court. All of these fixes make the bill better than current law. Looking forward, I think it is impor-tant to note that the new TSCA law— which I am so hopeful will pass today, if we can—will only be as good as the EPA is good. With a good EPA we can deliver a much safer environment for the American people, safer products, less exposure to harmful toxics, and better health for our people. With a bad EPA that does not value these goals, not much will get done. But if there is no action—I want to un-derscore this—States will be free to act and that is a very important point. My message to the States is this: Do not dismantle what you have going. Rev it up because you still have the ability to be leaders on protecting your citizens from toxic chemicals. Compared to where we started, the improvements in this bill provide a much better balance between the States and the Federal Government. But let me be clear again, in case I wasn’t clear enough. If I had written this bill on my own, I would have mod-eled it after other environmental laws, such as the Clean Air Act and the Safe Drinking Water Act, where the Federal Government sets a floor and the States are free to set a higher bar. The bills that I worked on with Frank Lauten-berg did not put an unprecedented ceil-ing on how much we could protect the people. Having said all of that, there are so many chemicals out there that are not being looked at or studied. I believe a good EPA, working with the States, can make a major improve-ment if this bill is carried out with a sense of purpose and commitment. The journey to this moment has been the most difficult journey I have ever had to take on any piece of legislation. I see the majority leader on the floor. He and I worked hard on the transpor-tation bill, and that was a long and winding road. This one was much more difficult. But I can honestly say to you today that there were so many committed people in the Senate and House—Mem-bers of both parties. I really do have to give a shout out to Leader P
ELOSI , the Democratic leader, to S
TENY HOYER , to F
RANK PALLONE , and to all of those on the House side who worked so hard, and to their counterparts in the Republican Party. In the Senate, there is Senator I
NHOFE , and there are Senators from my committee from both sides of the aisle without which we would not be here. To the staffs, to the public inter-est organizations, and to the States, we have scored a significant step forward for the American people. I hope this bill will come before us today. If it does, I will vote yes. If it comes to us after recess, I will vote yes. But I really wanted to make this statement because I think the history of this bill is clear to me. I think that history is being rewritten by some about this bill. And I wanted to make sure I put into the R
ECORD all the prob-lems we had at the beginning and all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.012 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3240 May 26, 2016 
the improvements we obtained at the end. I thank the Chair for his patience, and I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, recently we have had some very welcoming news out of the House of Representatives on the Toxic Substances Control Act. The House passed that in the last several days 403 to 12—a wonderful, large, bi-partisan majority—and I am glad we are going to proceed to TSCA some-time soon and deal with the legislation on the Senate floor. Mr. President, most Americans be-lieve if they buy a product at the gro-cery store or a hardware store, the gov-ernment has tested it and determined it is safe. Until now, that has not been true. We are exposed to hundreds of chemicals in our daily lives. In count-less ways we can breathe, eat, and drink chemicals. They can be absorbed through our skin, even from common household items. Some are toxic, but almost none are regulated. Let me cite now a couple of exam-ples. There are flame retardants in your sofa and in other furniture that get up into the air when pressure is put on the furniture. There is formalde-hyde in pressed-wood floors and car-pets, glues and adhesives even in noniron shirts. There are the PFOA compounds from the nonstick coating on your frying pans and bakeware. Most water bottles are BPA-free now, but you still find BPA in your credit card receipts. Some laser printers give off ultrafine particles like volatile or-ganic compounds that can cause seri-ous health problems. I could go on and on and on with the list of chemicals out there in our society that citizens are exposed to every day. As a result of that exposure, we carry these chemicals around in our bodies, even before we are born, but we don’t know the full impact they are having on our health because in the last 40 years only a handful have ever been re-viewed for safety. The EPA lacks the ability to evaluate and the authority to regulate, even though some have linked many of these chemicals to var-ious kinds of diseases, such as cancer, infertility, Parkinson’s disease, diabe-tes, hyperthyroidism, and other dis-eases that are out there. Infants, pregnant women, the elderly, and workers exposed to chemicals on the job are particularly at risk for chemical exposure. For example, we have seen an increase in cancer rates among firefighters who get exposed to chemicals from smoldering furniture in house fires. That is why we must pass the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. It will be a working chemical safety law for the whole country—for our families, for our chil-dren. We will, for the first time, have a cop on the beat when it comes to safety and protecting our children and our communities from dangerous chemi-cals. For the first time in 40 years, we are going to have that cop out there working hard to make sure our fami-lies are safe. Getting here has taken years—years of negotiations and collaboration, working with stakeholders across the country. Now, Congress can send the President a strong, bipartisan environ-mental reform bill, and he will sign it into law. There is no doubt about that from the statement put out by the ad-ministration on this bill. In fact, I think they called it landmark reform by the Congress. The EPA has commented on the bill. They stated: 
[This bill] is a clear improvement over cur-rent law and is largely consistent with the administration’s principles for TSCA reform. Critically, the bill would address the funda-mental flaws that have hindered EPA’s abil-ity to protect human health and the environ-ment from chemical risks. 
The administration has also put out a statement of policy saying that it ‘‘strongly supports’’ this legislation. Americans have been calling out for this reform for decades. They under-stand we need a national solution to our broken chemical safety law be-cause they have seen the impacts first-hand, like Dominique Browning, who works with Moms Clean Air Force. She survived kidney cancer and now wants a safer place for her kids. When she asked her doctor what caused her ill-ness, he said: 
It’s one of those environmental ones. Who knows. We are full of chemicals. 
And Lisa Huguenin. Lisa is a Ph.D. scientist who has done work on chem-ical exposure at Princeton and Rutgers and at the State and Federal level, but it isn’t what she saw at work that mo-tivated her to work for reform. It was what she saw at home. Lisa’s 13-year- old son Harrison was born with autism and other autoimmune deficiencies. Five years ago, Lisa testified before Senator Lautenberg’s subcommittee on the need for reform. Since then, her husband Marc has undergone tests for a rare and newly discovered disease that wasn’t even known to exist when she testified. So she is eager to see TSCA reform be signed into law. Lisa recently wrote to me and said: 
The concerns I expressed 5 years ago re-main today. I have no way of knowing if the household products that I use or the toys my son plays with are really safe because the chemicals that make them up are not rigor-ously tested and there is little or no infor-mation regarding them. And if I, a person well educated in the field of human exposure to chemicals, cannot be confident that I am keeping my family safe, then neither can the average person. 
My office has appreciated Lisa’s emails and photographs of Harrison dressed as a broccoli for Halloween and of Marc playing his favorite guitar. They have inspired us to keep going, to recognize that this legislation has a tremendous impact on real people. Thanks to Lisa and Dominique and the many others who care about a safe en-vironment, healthy kids, the safety of the clothes we wear, the pots and pans we cook with, and the substances we breathe, we finally have an oppor-tunity to pass a law that will keep our kids safe from dangerous chemicals. TSCA was enacted in 1967 and was one of the major laws of the 1960s and 1970s. That was when Rachel Carson and environmental leaders who worked with her opened our eyes. They showed us how air pollution, water pollution, and chemicals in our environment were affecting our health and changing eco-systems right in our backyards. TSCA was supposed to protect American fam-ilies, but it didn’t. Since 1976, thousands of chemicals a year have been manufactured and re-leased onto the market without a safe-ty evaluation and without meaningful regulation. In over four decades, the EPA has been able to restrict just five chemicals and has prevented only four chemicals out of tens of thousands from going to market. It took 40 years to fix this broken system. Now we have historic reform—decades in the making and decades overdue. Here are some of the ways we are re-forming this broken law and replacing it with a working safety program: Under the old TSCA, reviewing chemicals was discretionary. This new law requires that EPA methodically re-view existing chemicals for safety, starting with the worst offenders. The old TSCA required that the EPA consider the costs and benefits of regu-lation and then study the safety of chemicals. This new law requires that the EPA consider only the health and environmental impacts of a chemical, and, if they demonstrate a risk, the EPA must regulate it. This new law states that when it considers the safety of a chemical, the EPA must evaluate how it would impact the most vulner-able—pregnant women, infants, the el-derly, and chemical workers. The old TSCA put burdensome re-quirements on the EPA. To test a chemical, the EPA had to show it posed a potential risk, and then it had to go through a long rulemaking process. Our new law gives the EPA new author-ity to order testing without those hur-dles. The old TSCA allowed new chemicals to go to market without any real re-view. An average of about 750 new chemicals flowed onto the market a year. This new law would require the EPA to determine that all chemicals are safe before they go to the market. The old TSCA allowed companies to hide information about their products, claiming it is confidential business in-formation even in an emergency. This new law will ensure that companies can no longer hide. States, medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.014 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3241 May 26, 2016 
professionals, and the public will have access to this information. It ensures that businesses must justify when they keep information confidential, and that will expire after 10 years. The old TSCA underfunded the EPA, so it never had the resources to do the job. This new law creates a new, dedi-cated funding stream that requires in-dustry to pay its share—$25 million a year. In addition, this new law ensures vic-tims access to the courts if they are hurt, minimizes unnecessary testing on animals, and ensures States can con-tinue to take strong action on dan-gerous chemicals. We have spent a great deal of time on the right of States to act. My col-league, Senator B
OXER , has said this is one of the hardest pieces of legislation she has ever worked on. I agree with her. Finding the right balance between State and Federal was not easy; there is no doubt about it. But we stayed at the table, we worked hard, and I be-lieve we have a true compromise. It is a compromise that creates stronger Federal tools to test, review, and regu-late chemicals, that ensures States can act when the EPA is not acting, that protects the work that States have al-ready done, and that allows States to get a waiver when there is overlap with the EPA. Some of our colleagues have said that, while they will support this bill, it isn’t a bill they would have written. I agree. If it were up to me, I would have written a different bill. But, if it were up to me, it also wouldn’t have taken 40 years for us to get to reform. And it isn’t up to me. It isn’t up to any one of us. Legislating, especially on complex and difficult issues—issues that affect all aspects of health, envi-ronment, and commerce—takes work, it takes patience, and it takes com-promise. This bill took all the hard work, patience, and cooperation we had. The end result is a stronger regu-latory program to test and assess chemicals, a stronger program to en-sure that our most vulnerable children and loved ones are protected, and a stronger program that ensures the pub-lic has access to important health and safety information on chemicals. Our colleagues in the House sup-ported this bill, as I said earlier, 403 to 12. That is two more votes than the Clean Air Act amendment got in 1991, so it shows strong bipartisan support. This is the largest margin for a major environmental bill in decades. I believe the Senate very soon will follow suit. This probably isn’t the place to do it. I have a long list of people I would like to thank in terms of the staff effort. One of the things that is absolutely clear is our staff—all of our staff that were involved in this—worked very hard and helped us reach that perfect spot where we had a good compromise, so I will do some of those thank-yous at a later point. But I want to say, it is very impor-tant that we realize why we named this law after Frank Lautenberg. He started us on this path. It was Frank Lauten-berg. I have a picture of him here with his grandchildren. The picture was taken by his wife Bonnie Lautenberg, who is a wonderful photographer. Frank was always motivated. He was always motivated by his children and grandchildren. He used to sit in com-mittee, and I will never forget him ask-ing questions very specifically: How does this impact future generations— children, grandchildren? What impact is this going to have? He became very frustrated with the gridlock, with the problems that we were having in terms of the Environ-mental and Public Works Committee. So he teamed up with Senator VITTER , and almost immediately 12 Democrats and 12 Republicans joined in on that bill. I was one of the 12 Democrats. Shortly thereafter, we lost Frank, so I decided this is something that should be picked up and continued. Frank had set such a great example, and we had some good bipartisan momentum. So Senator V
ITTER and I had dinner, and we decided we were going to see this through. One of our greatest partners—and, really, our inspiration in helping us see this through—was Bonnie Lautenberg. She took her pain and agony and want-ed to get something done; she plowed it into something positive. She has been absolutely terrific in terms of working with all of us in the House and in the Senate. I know Representative S
HIM-
KUS in the House has said some very flattering things about her, all of which are true. One of the things she did is help hold together Frank Lautenberg’s staff, who had worked on the legislation for close to 15 years. They had various drafts over the years of chemical legislation. They knew the facts, they knew the evidence, and they knew what was out there and the dangers to the children and the grandchildren. So she worked with them, and she helped keep us on track. It is wonderful to have her with us today in Washington, being able to see this happen hopefully today, maybe a little bit later in the day. I want to thank her so much and have her know that she really inspired us, kept us fo-cused, and kept us on track. I am hopeful that we are going to act very soon. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. I urge the President to sign it. If we do that, we are going to be in a much better place as a country and as a society. Mr. President, I see that my good friend Senator I
NHOFE , chairman of the committee, is here. They always say around here—and I know my good friend, P
ATTY MURRAY , told me this: You don’t get a bill through this Con-gress without having a strong chair-man, and there couldn’t have been a stronger chairman than Chairman I
NHOFE . Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield? Before he leaves the floor, I want to get in on this because the Senator said a lot of really great things. I don’t recall at any time someone from the private sector like the Lau-tenbergs coming in and participating the way that she has. I really do appre-ciate it. I know she is around here somewhere. But let me say this to the Senator: You came in when we lost Frank and where we all were at that time. I have to say publicly that you are the guy who jumped in there and filled the vac-uum that was created by his loss. We could not have done it. When I stop and think about all the people who are supporting this, in the years I have been here—I am talking about 22 years here in the Senate—I have never seen this happen before, where we have so much unanimity, not even on the highway bills or things we have done together. I want to make sure everyone knows that you are very much the reason where we are today. I hope we can finish this up today and make everyone happy. I was talking to a group yesterday. In talking about this, we haven’t really used the issue of jobs as we should have. They were talking about how many—I will not name the companies— that are right now employing in places such as China, India, and other places because of the uncertainty of the defi-nitions that we have in this country. This completely solves that. I don’t think anyone has ever put pencil to how many jobs can be immediately re-created in this country, along with other things, that will be coming in the future. This could end up being the greatest jobs bill, not of the year, but of the decade. Does the Senator agree with that? Mr. UDALL. I very much agree with that. When it comes to innovation, when it comes to moving in the direc-tion of creating products that are going to be sustainable over time, I don’t have any doubt that this bill is going to have a huge impact. I think the thing that the Senator, as chair-man, helped us do is—we always kept everybody at the table. Industry was at the table, environmental groups, public health groups. The EPA was giving us technical advice. We had the States and others. We stayed at the table and worked through the problems and cre-ated a piece of legislation that I think, when it becomes law, will end up help-ing to create jobs, make a safer envi-ronment, and protect our families and our children. I will never forget when Senator VIT-
TER and I came to you when you be-came the chairman at the beginning of this Congress. We told you of the bipar-tisan support we had, and you said right then: We are going to get on this. We are going to do this. You have been true to your word. You have worked very hard on this. It has been an inspiration for me to work in a bipartisan way and have a strong chairman. We ran into bumpy times with the House for a while, but having 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.015 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3242 May 26, 2016 
a strong chairman really made a dif-ference on this. So I thank the Senator so much. Mr. INHOFE. I appreciate that—and personalities also. We had the far left and the far right. Everybody realized that this is something we all can agree on. Do I understand from the Senator that Bonnie Lautenberg is here today? Mr. UDALL. Bonnie Lautenberg is here with the Congress. We don’t want to violate any of the rules. I think she is in the room with us here today. She came down today. As the Senator knows, we have a First Lady’s Lunch-eon, and all the spouses attend that luncheon. Then in the night, all the Senators get together for the annual dinner. Bonnie Lautenberg has been here ever since then. She has been down here numerous times, as the Sen-ator knows. I don’t know if the Senator was here earlier. I was remarking on what a great photograph this is of Frank Lau-tenberg. Look at the grandchildren. They all have wonderful smiles. As the Senator knows, he always talked in committee about his grandchildren. She is a pretty incredible photog-rapher. She took this picture. Mr. INHOFE. Frank and I used to talk about that. I have 20 kids and grandkids. We used to compete with each other in exchanging pictures, one of the many things that we had in com-mon. I look forward to visiting. I look for-ward to making this a major accom-plishment. It is so important to do it today because we have a recess coming up, the House has a recess coming up, and there are a lot of people and com-panies out there who are making deci-sions now as to what they are going to do, all predicated on their certainty that this bill is going to pass. So we will join together and just do the best we can to make that happen for the sake of a lot of jobs around the coun-try. Mr. UDALL. We sure will. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ZIKA VIRUS  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, it has now been months since President Obama first put forward a strong emer-gency funding proposal to respond to the Zika virus. We now know that more than 1,400 cases of Zika have been reported in the United States and terri-tories. Just today, the Washington Post reported that according to a new study, the odds of having a child with microcephaly as a result of a Zika in-fection could be higher than even pre-viously thought—as high as 13 percent for women who are infected early in their pregnancies. The researchers who conducted the study urged health care systems to ‘‘prepare for an increased burden of ad-verse pregnancy outcomes in the com-ing years.’’ The CDC is already moni-toring almost 300 expecting mothers for possible Zika infections. Those numbers are unfortunately only ex-pected to grow. This is a public health emergency, and it demands action. While it shouldn’t have taken so long, Democrats and Republicans have been able to agree on a bipartisan downpayment on the President’s pro-posal, which would get emergency funding into the hands of first respond-ers and researchers right away. We passed that agreement last week and, unfortunately, it hasn’t gone any-where. Senate Democrats have urged our Re-publican colleagues to work with us on sending our bipartisan agreement to the House for a vote, but they have said they will only agree to do that if we agree to Affordable Care Act cuts. This is no time for quid pro quo poli-tics or hostages. This is a time to pro-tect our families. I am going to ask again that our Senate Republicans re-consider and join us to get this bill to the House. There, I hope that House Republicans will drop their partisan, underfunded billing and give our bipar-tisan agreement a vote. Then, I hope the President can sign it and we can get a serious response to this emer-gency underway. Families and communities are ex-pecting us to act. Parents are won-dering whether their babies will be born safe and healthy. In Congress, we should be doing everything we can to tackle this virus without any further delay. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, some-times I feel like our Democratic col-leagues will not take yes for an answer. As the distinguished Senator from Washington knows, we have passed a $1.1 billion appropriation to combat the Zika virus. It is something we all agree on, on a bipartisan basis. What the Senator from Washington objects to is the fact that it happens to be attached to another appropriations bill, but the process is that now gets reconciled with the bill passed by the House and then sent to the President. The good news is, there is already $580 million in unexpended Ebola funds that can be used as a downpayment to deal with the Zika virus. The Presiding Officer and I have come from States where the mosquito which carries the Zika virus is present. We all appreciate the seriousness of this, and we are determined to act on a bipartisan basis. The Senator from Washington knows that, but that doesn’t stop her and her colleagues from coming to the floor and making demands that we do this instanta-neously. Mr. President, to give you a sense of what is going on, we have been trying to get our Democratic colleagues to allow us to pass the Defense authoriza-tion bill all week. What we have been told is, no, they need more time to re-view it. Every Democrat in the Armed Services Committee voted for the De-fense authorization bill. It has been posted online for some time now. Any-body who cares about what is in the bill has had plenty of time to read it. Even though the Senate voted unani-mously yesterday to proceed to the leg-islation—which is not a word you hear often around here, ‘‘unanimous’’—the bill has been stopped in its tracks by our Democratic colleagues. It is shameful because this is our primary vehicle to make sure our men and women in the military get the re-sources and equipment they need in order to defend the country. That is why Congress has been able to pass a defense authorization bill every year for 50 years-plus. Taking care of our national defense is our No. 1 job in the Federal Government, but the Demo-cratic leader and his colleagues, appar-ently with their complicity, have been doing everything they can to slow down this legislation. They know we are coming up on a weeklong Memorial Day recess, so they have delayed it an-other week before we can take it up when we return. This also gives our men and women in uniform a pay raise, but apparently they are being used once again as a po-litical pawn or football. It is shameful, and it is unnecessary. Somebody said: Well, it is just politics. It is one of the reasons the American people look with such disdain at what happens in Wash-ington these days because these sorts of things—politics, partisanship—get put ahead of our duty to protect those who defend the Nation. We will have a vote later on today to get on the bill. I know Senator MCCAIN, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, is eager to get on this bill, to deal with the amendments. The ma-jority leader has said the week we come back, we will not leave until we complete our work on the Defense au-thorization bill. I think one of the reasons our friends across the aisle are dragging their feet on this legislation is because they are getting a little worried at the contrast between the productiveness of the 114th Congress compared to the 113th Con-gress when they were in charge. We know what happened then, after a dis-astrous election, which many incum-bent Democrats lost the election be-cause they didn’t have anything to point to as a record of accomplishment because of the failed strategy of the then-majority leader from Nevada. Even Senators in the majority party didn’t have records of success they could point to, to commend them to the voters for their own reelection. It was a devastating loss. The majority became the minority, and new manage-ment was put in charge. Senator M
CCONNELL , the majority leader, said he thinks it is important for the Senate to return to its regular 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.016 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3243 May 26, 2016 
role, considering and building con-sensus to pass bipartisan legislation, and that is exactly what we have done. Ironically, many of our Democratic friends, who are now in the minority, have had a greater opportunity to par-ticipate in passing legislation as Mem-bers of the minority more so than they did when they were in the majority, es-sentially when Senator R
EIDshut down the U.S. Senate. We have seen a productive Senate this year and last, notwithstanding the efforts to shut down the Defense au-thorization bill. For example, last week the Senate passed three bills. It passed an appropriations bill, it passed the POLICE Act—to make sure our law enforcement officials get the training they need to, to deal with active shoot-er training—and we passed a bill called the Justice Against Sponsors of Ter-rorism Act. They all had strong bipar-tisan support. That last bill is making sure families who lost loved ones in 9/ 11 get justice—the justice they deserve, wherever the facts may lead. The bottom line is, we are doing our dead-level best, despite the dead weight of the other side, on occasion—such as the Defense authorization bill—to stop us from making progress. I think it is pretty clear what is going on, so I will not dwell on that any longer, but my response to them is to simply stop playing politics with our men and women in uniform and drop the stall tactics. It is blatant, it is obvious to everyone with eyes in their head, and it is absolutely shameful. 
COAST ACT  
Mr. President, in less than a week, hurricane season will be upon us. The Presiding Officer knows that well, coming from Florida. Residents along the gulf coast will be preparing for all that a major storm might bring, in-cluding flooding, storm surges, and high winds. The hundreds of miles of Texas coast and the State’s location along the Gulf of Mexico make it par-ticularly vulnerable to hurricanes and storms. That would be Texas. Because the area is so densely populated—Hous-ton, TX, for example, right there in the middle of the Texas gulf coast—and in-cludes one of our Nation’s busiest ports and energy hubs, the potential for major damage along the Texas coast could have significant ramifications, not just for the region but for the rest of the country as well. When Hurricane Ike made landfall in 2008, we got a glimpse of how bad it could be. The storm caused a tremen-dous amount of damage as it made its way through the Caribbean, from Haiti to the Dominican Republic and Cuba. Storm surges in parts of Texas were es-timated to be as high as 20 feet. Ike was the second costliest U.S. hurricane on record, causing billions of dollars’ worth of damage. Sadly, it took the lives of dozens across the Caribbean and the United States. As the hurricane season gets under-way, I know many Texans have been reminded of that terrible storm and many worry about the potential dam-age another big storm coming through our coastline would bring. It is not a question of if, it is a matter of when that is going to happen. We need to make sure we are doing what we can to protect those on the coast and to pro-tect our economy from the next Hurri-cane Ike. I have been encouraged to see many efforts underway at the State and local level in Texas on how to develop the best plan to approach the problem. Several groups in the State are cur-rently studying the coastline and de-termining where Texas is most defense-less against a major storm. In Congress, I have joined with other members of the Texas delegation to au-thorize the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers to assess the vulnerabilities and to propose how we can best mitigate future damage, but there is room to do more because we know this process is simply too slow. It is not as fast as it needs to be, which is why I introduced something I call the COAST Act, which stands for the Corps’ Obligation to As-sist in Safeguarding Texas. It is pretty straightforward. This legislation would require the Corps of Engineers to use the data in other studies that are sound science and already completed for their plan-ning at the State and local level. In that way, the Corps of Engineers is not just duplicating efforts and burning the clock when we can’t afford to do that. So we can speed up the process so the Texas coast can get the protection it needs sooner. It would also let the final recommendations of the Corps proceed without going through numerous and unnecessary bureaucratic hurdles. In other words, once the Corps determines the best course of action to keep Tex-ans on the coast safe, they will not have to wait for another congressional approval to authorize it. The COAST Act is a lesson in streamlining the Fed-eral Government—something we could use more of—so that folks who may be in harm’s way can get what they need faster. I want to particularly express my appreciation to Congressman R
ANDY WEBER on the other side of the Capitol, who has introduced a similar bill as well. I hope that as we prepare for the upcoming hurricane season, we can get this legislation passed. 
CALLING FOR APPOINTMENT OF A SPECIAL  
COUNSEL  
Mr. President, on one final matter, yesterday the inspector general’s office at the State Department released a 70- plus-page report telling us what many people suspected all along. That report criticized then-Secretary of State Hil-lary Clinton’s use of a private, unse-cured email server while she was our Nation’s top diplomat and having ac-cess to and processing highly classified information—some of our Nation’s most confidential and classified se-crets. Some people have wondered why recent poll numbers have not been kind to Mrs. Clinton when it comes to her trustworthiness. A Washington Post- ABC News national poll found that just 37 percent of the people who responded to that poll believe Hillary Clinton is honest and trustworthy, while 57 per-cent said they don’t think she is. This is a serious problem, not just for Mrs. Clinton but for the country. There are those who wonder why peo-ple are so upset with Washington. What they see is a culture of corruption that doesn’t address some of these funda-mental issues. Well, time and again we have heard Secretary Clinton and her allies say that her use of a private email server was wholly consistent with State Department policy. But, of course, the report that was just re-leased by the inspector general yester-day says otherwise and revealed a host of other inconsistencies. First, the report indicates that Clin-ton’s email use was not in accordance with State Department standards, and, more than that, the former Secretary of State neglected to get the formal ap-proval she needed in order to use her private server. Second, Secretary Clinton and her supporters, including the President, have maintained that her server was not a security risk, while others, such as former Secretary of Defense Bob Gates, said they were confident that our Nation’s adversaries—China and Russia, well known for their cyber at-tacks—were taking full advantage of an unsecured server and using and gaining access to classified informa-tion which was now—in the words of Representative POMPEO , who serves on the Intelligence Committee in the House—like putting intelligence on Twitter. In effect, that is what Mrs. Clinton did. But, of course, the report from the inspector general calls all of this into question and asserts that when some of Clinton’s staffers raised concerns about a potential breach to the system, the relevant security offi-cials at the State Department were not alerted. They just weren’t alerted in accordance with State Department pol-icy. Even though Secretary Clinton has maintained that she has been fully complying with every request related to an investigation of her use of the private server, the inspector general report makes clear that the Secretary and her staff refused to be interviewed. That is not cooperating with the au-thorities. She can’t refuse to talk to the FBI, and a number of her staffers have been, and she said she will make herself available. I bet she will because she really doesn’t have any choice. But to say she is cooperating with an inves-tigation by the inspector general at the State Department and then refusing to be interviewed is just—well, let’s call it what it is—a lie. Similarly, the report reveals that Secretary Clinton didn’t turn over all of her work-related emails upon leav-ing office, like she said she did. She only did so almost 2 years after leav-ing, and the State Department basi-cally had to demand it, even then we know she deleted—she told us this— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.017 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3244 May 26, 2016 
thousands of emails before turning over those she deemed work related. I suspect the forensics experts at the FBI have been able to recover a lot of the emails that she deleted. We all know if you delete emails, they remain on the server in a digital format. The truth will come out sooner or later, but I just have to say the conduct of the former Secretary demonstrates why people just don’t trust her. Of course, the recent contradictions are just out-rageous and indicate that rather than cooperation, her intention has been to obstruct the public’s right to know. This report underscores why I believe we need an independent investigation into this matter. I called for the ap-pointment of a special counsel because it is clear that the Attorney General, who serves at the pleasure of President Obama, is going to have very little in-centive or intention to pursue the ap-propriate investigation. So I have asked Attorney General Lynch to ap-point a special counsel to provide some modest level of independence so the public can know that we have gotten to the bottom of this despite Secretary Clinton’s denials and obfuscation and statements of untruth. We need to get to the bottom of it. It is absolutely critical that we do so. I hope Attorney General Lynch re-considers my call for a special counsel. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, we have come to a crisis point in our coun-try. In 2014, 18,893 people died due to a prescription opioid overdose. On aver-age, 51 people die every day. What we are talking about is legal prescription drugs that are basically produced by pharmaceuticals, which are great com-panies. They are approved by the Food and Drug Administration, which is sup-posed to look out for the well-being and welfare of all the citizens of this great country. They are prescribed to us by our doctors, the most trusted persons outside of our family. Now it has become an epidemic. It is doing more harm to people than anything I know of right now. When I talk about an epidemic, we have lost over 200,000 people since 1999, and not to raise this to the level that we should so we can fix this is ridicu-lous, and the trend is still going in the wrong direction. Some 16 percent more people died in 2014 than died in 2013. We have lost almost 200,000 Americans to prescription opioid abuse since 1999, as I said, and we must take action to stop the epidemic. Unfortunately, a major barrier that those who are suffering from opioid addiction face is inefficient access to substance abuse treatment. There is not one of us in the Senate or in our States, who doesn’t have somebody in their immediate or ex-tended family or a close friend that has not been affected either by legal drug abuse or illicit drugs. If you talk to those without any means, you know they have nothing. They have nowhere to go. There are no treatment centers, and we haven’t stepped up to the plate. All of the States’ budgets are taxed, if you will. Every time we do some-thing with the Federal Government’s budget, we have to have a pay-for. We have been looking for ways to do some-thing to make sure that every State has a sufficient amount of treatment centers to help those who need it. In fact, between 2009 and 2013, only 22 per-cent of Americans suffering from opioid addiction participated in any form of addiction treatment. We talked about addiction treatment. For so many years, we all looked at any type of drug use as being the crime, and we put them away. We put them in jail. We spent $450 billion in the last 20 years for incarceration. Not one time did we look at this issue and say: This might be an illness, and an illness needs treatment, and a treatment can actually cure somebody. We haven’t thought along those lines, and it needs to change. In 2014, in my State of West Virginia, 42,000 West Virginians, including 4,000 children, sought treatment for legal drug abuse but failed to receive it. They needed treatment. They said: Please help us. Think about this. A family who has done everything, in-cluding exhausting all of their re-sources, has to have their child ar-rested and convicted with a felony so that child can go to drug court and get the treatment he or she needs. Isn’t that a sad scenario? The largest long- term facility in West Virginia with more than 100 beds is Recovery Point, in Huntington. It has a waiting list that is 4 to 6 months long. This is the most successful treatment center, and it is run by former addicts. These are people who hit rock-bottom. They know what it takes. They have all come back and have been keeping themselves clean and mentoring other people. They have more of a success rate than anyone I know of in my State. In 2014, about 15,000 West Virginians received some form of drug or alcohol abuse treatment, but nearly 60,000 West Virginians were identified as in need of substance abuse treatment and couldn’t find help. Based on conversations with West Virginia State Police, 8 out of 10 of all of their calls are drug related. Imagine if the Presiding Officer, who is from the beautiful State of Florida, should ask his law enforcement how many calls they get that are drug related. It is unbelievable. The costs are prohibi-tive as far as what we are spending now and how much is being taken out of our economy. These are people who have recognized they needed help and were turned away because there were not enough facility beds or health care pro-viders in their community or they couldn’t afford the pricey high-end fa-cilities out there. That is why I joined my colleagues this week to introduce the Budgeting for Opioid Addiction Treatment Act. This Life BOAT Act would establish a steady, sustainable funding stream to provide access to substance abuse treatment. This is a difficult thing for a lot of my colleagues and friends on the other side of the aisle. Somehow, we have to step up to the plate and not worry about this being a tax. There are those who have said that we can’t take out another tax and have pledged: I won’t go for a new tax. How about voting for treatment? How about voting to help people? How about voting to put people back in the economic mainstream to be a part of this great country of ours? How about taking them out of the prisons and not incarcerating people who don’t have violent or sexual crimes and can basi-cally be rehabilitated? We have a tax on cigarettes because we know it is harmful to you. We have a tax on alco-hol because we know it is harmful for you. We have nothing on opioids. I have a piece of legislation—and we are looking for more and more sponsors all the time—that would tax 1 penny for every milligram of opioid that is pre-scribed. We know opioids are addictive. We were led to believe that they weren’t addictive. When opioids first came out in 1980, the pharmaceutical companies said this is a wonder drug with 24-hour re-lief from severe pain, and it is non-addictive. Guess what. The genie is out of the bottle, and we lost 200,000 citi-zens. But we have doctors prescribing them. We prescribe more opioids than any-one in the world. We consume more painkillers than anybody in the world. I am talking about the entire world. There are only 330 million in our coun-try. When we look at the population of the world, which consists of 7 billion people, and we consume over 80 percent of all opioids produced in the world. We only have 5 percent of the world’s pop-ulation. Something is dead wrong. That 1 penny will generate—if you can believe this—$1.5 to $2 billion a year. This is what we call the penny of gold. We can help people. We can go back to every community and every State in this great country of ours and help peo-ple get their lives back. We can help people get clear and clean and working again. Every week I come to the floor and read a letter. I read letters from all over the country. I read letters of those from my State who have been affected. The legal drug abuse of opioids has been a silent killer. We haven’t talked about it enough. We have had someone in our family—whether it is your child, mother, father, aunt, uncle, or cousin— and we were ashamed. Guess what. We continue to lose more and more people. Now they are coming forward. I want to read another letter. These letters have a common theme. They mention how hard it is to get them-selves or their loved ones into treat-ment. Sometimes it takes months, and sometimes it never happens. This prob-lem stems from our lack of systems to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.019 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3245 May 26, 2016 
help those who are looking for help. We need permanent treatment facilities to help people get clean and stay clean. I say to all of my colleagues: This is not a Democratic or Republican prob-lem. This is an American epidemic, and I don’t believe one person—whether Democrat or Republican—can argue against voting for 1 penny to try to help cure people who have been af-fected by this epidemic. It won’t cost anybody one vote—not one vote. I hope they will consider that. Today I am reading an anonymous letter from a veteran in West Virginia about his struggle to get his sons into one of the treatment facilities they desperately need. He says: 
I’m sure many have heard my story before. I have a 34-year-old son that first got ad-dicted to Oxycontin while residing in Wyo-ming County. He had been in trouble with the law for stealing everything from ATVs or whatever he could get his hands on. 
Most addicts, as you know, basically commit a felony. First, they steal from their families or friends of their fam-ily. When they run out of people who won’t turn them in, they steal from anyone’s home they can break into— anything they can do to get the money that gives them the fix they need for their addiction. Then they end up with a felony, and the system basically spi-rals down. This young man stole everything he could get his hands on. They went to a methadone clinic. They have metha-done and Suboxone. These are wonder drugs that are supposed to help an ad-dict wean off drugs, but they never do. Methadone and Suboxone still have the heroin effect in them. And people get on those and they can’t get off of them either. 
Well then a Methadone Clinic was opened in Beaver, WV. He went to this clinic. I’m not sure what dosage he started at but I know till here recently he was on 120 milli-grams a day. 
And 120 milligrams a day is a lot. 
He had lost his take homes— 
Which is what they give him to self- medicate. 
—so he had to drive from Mercer County to Beaver, WV, everyday. He had trouble hold-ing down jobs, so if he didn’t have the money he couldn’t go or get dosed. The clinic there only takes cash or credit card. I helped my son finance his home, cars, and lots of time I wasn’t getting paid, I would pay these to protect my credit but I might not get my money back. 
This is the father’s and mother’s credit. 
So here recently I started to stop paying things. 
Cut him off cold turkey. 
Now he has pawned most of what he had in his house for cocaine, he says it’s to help him with methadone withdrawals, I’m not sure. But his wife is getting ready to leave him, their son has been living with me since November of 2015. My wife and I called and tried to find him a detox and inpatient treatment, but since he hasn’t weaned down at the clinic they say he don’t meet their criteria. My son hasn’t had methadone to the best of my knowledge since May 8th, 2016. I have told him he can’t live in his house if he can’t pay the bills. He says he will ac-cept treatment at a detox, the only place I found that may take him is a behavioral health at Appalachian Regional in Beckley for his depression and bipolar and they will help him to be safe while going through withdrawals. We don’t have the money to afford private care, he is on WV Medicaid. Most places he can go is out of state and WV won’t pay for it. I’m so afraid that I’m going to lose my 34 year old son to this dilemma. I hope there is someone out there that can hopefully get him free of his addictions, so he can live and prosper. He said that is only one son. 
That’s one son, my other son, is 30 and he too has some addictions and mental health issues. I paid his rent for 2 months to remove him from my home because he was so disrup-tive and searching for alternatives, such as he has been going to southern highlands for over 4 years for [his] bipolar [treatment]. He has been seeing the same physician. He has checked himself into the Pavilion in Mercer County several times but checks himself out he says its [be]cause they won’t give him his medications that he wants. 
This is another problem we have. A lot of people who go to the hospitals or clinics, if they don’t get what they want, they give a bad report to the doc-tor or medical facility, and it hurts them on their reimbursement for Medi-care and Medicaid. We have a piece of legislation to change that also. 
He has been prescribed clonopins and Neurontin’s. He prefers to either take them all at once per day or more than prescribed, since I moved him out of his apartment, I hear he diverts them for other drugs. He hasn’t had a job in years. I don’t know what to do to help my two sons. I know the system hasn’t seemed to benefit them at all but they still get their medications and etc. 
It kind of keeps their addiction going on. 
If they don’t get the prescribed ones they search for street drugs and they will sell their own soles and [even] mine to get them. What is a parent to do? For mothers it’s hard to see your child in pain and maybe more willing to give them money and so forth but I have learned that is only enabling them. But there is so many ones out there it’s too easy for them to get the drugs or divert them. I feel we need to do a few things. One, we must either put strict controls on metha-done clinics— 
And I can assure that methadone clinics do not work and shouldn’t be prescribed to everyone, and there should be professionals who prescribe methadone and it should be closely reg-ulated— 
and not let them keep our families hostage for their life. 
What they mean by that is that once they go to these clinics, they never let them go. They are with them for life. 
Two, counselors and physicians need to try and understand what is a success in treat-ment or failure. If our children can’t func-tion in normal society, hold down a job, take medications as directed, that plan of treat-ment isn’t working, let’s do something else . . . don’t keep doing the same thing to get them out of the office. Why keep them in the same type of program to give them the fix they are looking for when they are never going to be cured? Don’t keep going to the same thing and expect a different re-sult. Let’s get them out of this type of situation. 
It’s not working, what is next? 
People are asking and begging for help. They truly are, in West Virginia, in the Presiding Officer’s beautiful State, and every State. It is atrocious what is going on. We have legislation, and I think we can put our politics aside. This is not Democratic or Republican. I have said it over and over. This doesn’t have a home. This is a killer. It is epidemic— 200,000 have died. In my State of West Virginia last year, 630 West Virginians died of legal prescription overdoses— legal. This is not counting illicit overdoses—legal prescription overdoses. So I am committed to fighting this with every breath I have in my body. I hope we will consider legislation we can work on, that is bipartisan and that will help every person in every State in America. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The Senator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, we are on a motion to proceed to the National Defense Authorization Act, and there are so many different aspects of na-tional security and defense that we touch upon. The Senator from West Virginia actually touched on one of them. A lot of people may not consider it that way, but the threat posed to the United States by transnational crimi-nal groups operating out of Mexico and other parts of the hemisphere are a di-rect threat to the security of our peo-ple. We had a hearing earlier today in our subcommittee, the Western Hemi-sphere Subcommittee, and we heard testimony from government officials and the administration talking about the threats being posed. Here is the bottom line. You have these multibillion dollar, multi-national entities operating south of our border. We all heard about El Chapo Guzman and the Sinaloa Cartel, but there are others as well, and they are both growing poppy opiates, but they are also manufacturing synthetic fentanyl. There is a prescription version of fentanyl, but this is a syn-thetic, nonpharmaceutical version, and all of it, basically 100 percent of the stuff they are growing, is being traf-ficked directly to the United States. There is not a State in the Union or territory in our country or jurisdiction represented by any Member of the Sen-ate which has not been deeply im-pacted by this war they are waging against us. So it was an insightful hearing and I think reminds us that on the one side we need to deal with treat-ment aspects because people who are dependent on an opiate substance are sick and they need help as if it is a dis-ease, not a crime. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.020 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3246 May 26, 2016 
The other aspect of it is the people pushing the stuff into our country, de-liberately targeting us. They are mur-derers. They are not just killers be-cause they kill each other and innocent people, they are killers because they know the people they are selling these drugs to, they are deliberately trying to hook them on these drugs and they read and know the overdose deaths we have seen. There is an extraordinary growing military-to-military relation-ship between the national defense parts of our government and our partners in Mexico and other countries and will continue to be. There has to be because these groups need to be defeated or they will continue to spread their poi-son and death into cities, towns, and our States. 
HUMAN RIGHTS  
Madam President, another aspect of national defense that people don’t think about when people think about national defense is the issue of human rights. So much of the instability that is happening around the world that we have to respond to militarily out of our national security interests are driven by the violation of human rights. Oftentimes our soldiers, sailors, our service men and women, when called to engage militarily or be present mili-tarily in any part of the world, are also having to deal with the consequences of what is happening from a human rights perspective. Where it gets dif-ficult is in many cases some of the countries that are violating the human rights of their people and others hap-pen to be military allies of ours. It is always a balance that people argue, but no matter what our arrangements may be with any potential military partner anywhere in the world, we should never back away from the cause of human rights, for not only is it the right thing to do, which speaks to our values as a people and nation, but human rights is also a leading cause of instability. The violation of human rights leads to this instability. It is what causes people to take to the streets to try to get rid of their governments and their leaders. So I come to the floor today to bring to your attention an ongoing human rights issue that weighs heavily on me and should weigh heavily on all of us. Every day people are unjustly de-tained, tortured, publicly shamed, and murdered, often at the hands of their own government. Here is what their crimes are: simply disagreeing with the government—disagreeing through jour-nalism, blogging, peaceful organizing, or for simply being in a different reli-gion. In jail cells all around the world, there are innocent men and women who wanted nothing more than to free-ly express themselves in the society in which they live. The vast number of political pris-oners held by repressive regimes is a sobering reminder of how much work remains to uphold basic human rights and advance democratic values. From Cuba to China, from Turkey to Saudi Arabia, people are suffering for exer-cising freedoms that our Creator gave them. I say the phrase ‘‘political pris-oners,’’ but I remind you that these prisoners oftentimes are ordinary peo-ple like us—people who dream of a greater future for their country, people who envision a better life for their fam-ilies and loved ones. They are journal-ists, bloggers, many are human rights activists, educators. Some are politi-cians. We also have pastors, mothers and fathers and students. America traditionally has been a voice for those oppressed. We as a country and as a people have engaged in what Ronald Reagan once described as ‘‘the age-old battle for individual freedom and human dignity.’’ It is un-acceptable for America to forsake this legacy today, to turn its back on our fellow human beings who are losing their lives or being imprisoned for ex-ercising their fundamental, God-given freedoms. This is why last September my office launched a social media campaign we call hashtag ‘‘expressionNOToppression.’’ Each week we highlight a different political prisoner or prisoner of conscience in an effort to put a human face on the many who suffer from oppressive regimes around the world. Today I come to share the stories of some of the people we have championed in the past year. In 2014, Tibetan writer and blogger Dawa Tsomo was detained for breaking China’s cyber laws by publishing arti-cles that the government considered ‘‘politically sensitive.’’ To this day, she is missing. Today, China is one of the most repressive countries in the entire world. In Cuba, matters are just as serious, if not worse. Beatings, public acts of shame, and termination of employment are well-known consequences of dis-agreeing with the Castro regime. The Castro regime has rearrested almost all of the 53 political prisoners it released as part of the supposed normalization of relations that President Obama un-dertook at the end of 2014. Remember the 53 names on the list of people they were going to let go as part of the normalization? Virtually all 53 of them have since been rearrested. The Cuban people know they deserve better. Groups throughout the island have continuously stood up against op-pression. One of the most prominent is the group the Ladies in White or, in Spanish, Damas de Blanco. Many of those who make up this group are the wives and relatives of jailed dissidents protesting the unlawful imprisonment of their husbands, sons, brothers, and fathers. So each Sunday following Catholic mass, the Ladies in White take to the streets in a silent march. They are often harassed, arrested, and even beaten by the Cuban Government. In fact, this last Sunday, the leader of the Ladies in White was arrested. She will soon be placed on trial and can face between 3 months and 5 years in prison, but this sort of treatment hasn’t stopped them. Week after week, these women continue to protest the Castro regime and fight for the free-dom of their nation and of their loved ones. In the disaster that has become Ven-ezuela, due to its incompetent tyrant leader, Nicolas Maduro, a tyrant who is an incompetent clown, we have seen one of the most prominent opposition leaders, Leopoldo Lopez, arrested and sentenced to 13 years 9 months in pris-on on charges of terrorism, murder, and grievous bodily harm and public incitement—sounds like pretty serious charges. Here is the reality. Leopoldo Lopez, who was the Governor of a prominent state in the country, was imprisoned for advocating for a con-stitutional democratic and peaceful change in the Venezuelan Government. That is why he is in jail. Since the Venezuelan Government’s crackdown on opponents began in Feb-ruary of 2014, dozens of innocents have been killed, thousands have been beat-en and targeted for intimidation, and hundreds more have been jailed, not to mention that most of these political prisoners in Venezuela are men. Do you know what happens to the wives of these men in jail when they go visit their spouses in prison? They are often stripped-searched by male guards in front of their families as the act of ultimate humiliation. This is what we are dealing with in Venezuela. In late March of this year, the Ven-ezuelan National Assembly passed a law that would extend amnesty to more than 70 prisoners in Venezuela be-cause they had an election. Even though the Maduro government always steals the elections in Venezuela, the loss was so overwhelming they couldn’t steal this election. So the opposition won control of the Venezuelan Na-tional Assembly, and they passed a law that extended amnesty to more than 70 political prisoners who are in Ven-ezuelan jails simply because they op-posed Maduro, not because they com-mitted a crime. To no one’s surprise, the tyrant Nico-las Maduro promised to block it. He claimed it was unconstitutional. Only a few weeks later, he sent a law to the supreme court and urged them to over-turn it. Four days after his request, the supreme court—a supreme court which is illegitimate because it is completely stacked with his cronies—granted him his wish and declared the law unconsti-tutional. So that is why there has been a coup d’etat in Venezuela. That is why de-mocracy has been canceled and why there is now tyranny. You have an elected national assembly being ig-nored, and you have a supreme court being stacked with cronies who are ba-sically a rubberstamp for the tyrant. The result is the gross violation of human rights, most prominently of Leopoldo Lopez. In Pakistan, we have seen proponents of religious freedom murdered for criti-cizing blasphemy laws. In March of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.022 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3247 May 26, 2016 
2011, Shahbaz Bhatti, Pakistan’s Fed-eral Minister of Minority Affairs—and, by the way, the only Christian to serve in Pakistan’s Cabinet—was shot to death by the Pakistani Taliban outside of his mother’s home. Five years have passed. The Pakistani Government has failed to bring his murderers to justice and have failed to reform the blas-phemy law that continues to encourage violence, murder with impunity, and the marginalization of religious mi-norities. As a result, numerous other prisoners of conscience in Pakistan suf-fer behind bars. Finally, as President Obama visited Vietnam this week, a Vietnamese blogger and human rights activist named Nguyen Huu Vinh was lan-guishing in a state prison for having voiced the wrong opinions about his government. These example are just a tiny window into the world of political oppression that exists today. Their cases are only a few that we have highlighted in our hashtag ‘‘expressionNOToppression’’ campaign. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a list of addi-tional political prisoners we have fea-tured. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
The list is as follows: Danilo Maldonado of Cuba, Jason Rezaian of the United States— held in Iran, Bao Zhuoxuan of China, Sawan Masih of Pakistan, Raif Badawi of Saudi Arabia, Ko Htin Kyaw of Burma, Arif and Leyla Yunus of Azerbaijan, Luaty Beira ˜o of Angola, Atena Farghadani of Iran, Ismail Alexandrani of Egypt, the Todos Marchamos group in Cuba, Eskinder Nega of Ethiopia, Erdem Gu¨l of Turkey, Can Du¨ndar of Tur-key, Vladimir Kara-Murza of Russia, Mi-khail Kasyanov of Russia, the SOS Ven-ezuela group in Venezuela, Sombath Somphone of Laos, Boris Nemtsov of Russia, who was murdered, the Ladies in White in Cuba, Zainab Al-Khawaja of Bahrain, Osvoldo Rodriguez Acosta of Cuba, Moham-med Zahir al-Sherqat of Turkey, Waleed Abu Al-Khair of Saudi Arabia, Khadija Ismayilova of Azerbaijan, Nguyen Van Dai of Vietnam, and Youcef Nadarkahni of Iran. 
Mr. RUBIO. They span the globe from Angola to Laos, from Iran to Burma. All of these men and women were seen as a threat to the leaders of their na-tions. But I—and I agree the Presiding Officer as well—see them as heroes. Just because they aren’t fighting on a battlefield doesn’t mean they aren’t putting their lives on the line for the greater good of their people and their nation. In a country where we are free to ex-press ourselves, it is hard to grasp this risk. It is difficult to imagine a promi-nent journalist in the United States fearing for his or her life solely for doing their job or to fathom a popular blogger facing the death penalty solely for expressing their thoughts. Well, this should be just as unimaginable, to jail independent journalists in the rest of the world. The families of the prisoners I men-tioned today have also paid a price. Most of these families spend their days and nights unsure if they will ever again see their loved ones. There are no visiting hours. There are no phone calls. In the cases of many on death row, their families often find out they have been executed on the state-run media. Children are being left to grow up on their own, wondering where their mother or their father has gone, won-dering if they will ever feel their em-brace again. But there are reasons to be hopeful, for when free people speak out, it can make a difference in the lives of the oppressed. As a result of numerous international efforts, including our hashtag ‘‘expressionNOToppression’’ campaign, some prisoners of conscience have been released from jail and re-united with their families, although they may not be able to return to their home country. We saw it in the case of the Cuban street artist known as El Sexto, who was freed last October after 10 months in prison. We saw it in the case of prominent Azerbaijani human rights activist Leyla Yunus and her husband Arif, who were released from jail only on the grounds of deterio-rating health but have since been al-lowed to travel to the Netherlands for medical care and to be reunited with their daughter. Once released, many have agreed that our advocacy on their behalf was a great encouragement to them and their families and, by the way, likely resulted in better treat-ment or even a speedier release. A few years ago, famed Soviet dis-sident Natan Sharansky testified on Capitol Hill. He said of himself and fel-low prisoners of conscience in the USSR that ‘‘we could never survive even one day in the Soviet Union if our struggle was not the struggle of the free world.’’ We should take to heart this sentiment he expressed and em-brace the struggle of political prisoners who languish unjustly as I speak. We must do everything we can to raise awareness of the brutality taking place in repressive regimes around the world. We must not forget the hun-dreds of people who are being tortured or being deprived of their lives for try-ing to bring freedom to their land while illegitimate governments des-perately cling to power. Even with our strategic allies, such as Saudi Arabia, we can never stop in-sisting that they show respect for women, for all human life, and for the God-given fundamental rights of all people. Oppressed peoples do not stay op-pressed forever. Oppressive govern-ments do not stay in power forever. In-evitably, the human yearning to be free and to achieve a better life for one’s self and one’s family eventually cannot be restrained. Today, I pray for those who are vic-tims of their own government. I pray for the release of prisoners of con-science and their families. I pray that our own country stands firmly by its principles by calling for the sacred right of every man and woman and child to be free. TRIBUTE TO MAGGIE DOUGHERTY  
Lastly, Madam President, on a point of personal privilege, I would like to take a moment to thank Maggie Dougherty, who has been a valuable member of my legislative team for the past 5 years and specialized in issues of human rights around the world. Her expertise and, just as impor-tantly, her passion on these issues have been invaluable to me and to my staff. Her service to our country, to the peo-ple of Florida, to the Senate, and to many individuals and families like the ones I just mentioned who suffer around the world will not be forgotten. I thank you for your service, Maggie. I wish you the best of luck in your fu-ture endeavors. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FRANK R . LAUTENBERG CHEMICAL SAFETY FOR  
THE 21ST CENTURY BILL  
Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, today I rise to discuss the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. This is landmark leg-islation that will honor the legacy of our dear colleague Frank Lautenberg. I had the privilege to serve with Frank for a number of years and know how passionately he wanted to undertake this challenge of the toxic substances that are in our everyday products, our household products, that are causing cancer and causing other diseases be-cause we have completely failed to reg-ulate them. I so much appreciate that Frank Lautenberg took on this cause, pushed it forward, and presented it in a bipartisan fashion—a fashion that con-tinued following his death. In this Congress, this bill is the equivalent of a unicorn, as the phrase goes, a bipartisan, bicameral com-promise that majorly reforms a badly broken law. It has brought Democrats and Republicans together to take ac-tion to protect public health. I felt honored and privileged to be a part of this coalition that has worked toward a final bill for over a year. This process has not been easy, but things that are worth doing rarely are easy. I think it is important to recognize some of the champions in this process. Of course I recognize Frank Lauten-berg and all he did to put this in mo-tion. Following his death, Senators T
OM U
DALL and D AVID VITTER deserve a tre-mendous amount of credit for having the bold vision to come together and to carry the torch of bipartisan com-promise after his passing. Their per-sistence and their dedication in this ef-fort through thick and thin have been remarkable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.023 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3248 May 26, 2016 
Chairman I NHOFE also deserves a great deal of credit for his work to shepherd this bill through the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee. Hopefully, we will get it through the floor of the Senate. Certainly the re-sult of the bicameral negotiations that have been completed—the bill has now gone through the House and is coming back over here. I commend Ranking Member B
AR-
BARA BOXER for her leadership and her determination to make this the strong-est bill it could possibly be. Her deter-mination to make sure of the ability of States to act was not compromised, knowing that her State, California, has been a major leader—one of the few States that really have gone after toxic chemicals and set an example for the country. Her tenacity unquestionably has led to a stronger bill. Senator M
ARKEY , as the sub-committee ranking member, brought enormous depth of knowledge and lead-ership to this process and was instru-mental in the negotiations. Finally, I especially want to thank Senators W
HITEHOUSE and B OOKER , who teamed up with me to push for impor-tant changes before the markup in committee and who have been tremen-dous partners through the process. There are many others, of course, in the Senate and in the House, on the Republican side and the Democratic side, who have played a role in getting this bill to where it is now—a few small steps from being signed into law. I would like to specifically thank the Environmental Defense Fund. On any project like this, you need forces inside the building, but you also need forces outside the building marshaling exper-tise, creating a conversation among grassroots proponents, and bringing their expertise and their insights to bear. Their lead senior scientist, Rich-ard Denison, played an instrumental role in the preparation of this bill. Many Americans don’t know that the chemicals in their household products are completely unregulated. It has been 40 years since the last major re-form to our Federal chemical laws took place. There has been absolutely no ac-tion of any kind since 1991, when there was a failed effort to regulate asbestos, which, again, citizens believe must surely be regulated given its incredible impact on the public health of our Na-tion. But for 40 years the law has been badly broken, and for 40 years genera-tions of Americans have been exposed to unsafe chemicals and the Federal Government has been powerless to act. That is four decades too long. The most powerful Nation on the Earth should not be powerless to regu-late toxic chemicals in our everyday products. Now we are on the cusp of passing a historic bill that will change all of that. How bad is this problem? Last year I partnered with the Environmental De-fense Fund and with researchers at Or-egon State University to find out just that. The Oregon State University re-searchers developed a small silicone wristband that picks up toxic chemi-cals that each of us is exposed to every day, in the air and water around us, in our furniture, and in our household products. Twenty-five participants wore one of these silicone wristbands for a week, and then the wristbands were taken to a laboratory to analyze what the individual had been exposed to. The results were sobering. Each participant had been exposed to at least 10 potentially dangerous chemi-cals. Beth Slovic, a reporter for Willam-ette Week who wore one of the wrist-bands, described scouring labels in her household after her results came back, trying to find out which products were the culprits so she could get rid of them, but largely she couldn’t find the source. She wrote: Even if I had [found the source], I wouldn’t have been safe from worry. You can try to avoid certain synthetic chemicals in your own home, but try avoiding them at work or on the bus. Products with industrial chemi-cals, such as those sprinkled in carpets and cushions supposedly to keep them from bursting into flames, break down and are in our dust. As the information packet for the [wrist-band] experiment explained, ‘‘You can’t shop your way out of the problem.’’ 
Beth mentioned the issue of indus-trial chemicals that are put into our carpets, supposedly to keep them from bursting into flames. There is quite a story behind these flame retardants in our carpets, in our upholstery, in our foam cushions, and it is not a story that will make any of us feel good. It will make all of us feel we need to have this bill passed, however. Here is the challenge: These flame retardants are cancer-causing. The chemical industry got a bill passed re-quiring them to be put into household products such as foam, upholstery, and carpets. Imagine that you are a new mother or a new father and your little baby is down there on the carpet, their nose 1 inch from the floor, and then you read about the fact that carpet is permeated with cancer-causing chemicals, that those chemicals cling to the dust that comes from the carpet as it is worn out, walked on and so forth, and that virtually every child gets exposed in this fashion, increasing their risk of cancer. Wouldn’t you as a mother or fa-ther say: That is outrageous. Why doesn’t Congress do something about that? We are now poised to do something about that, to regulate cancer-causing toxic chemicals in our household prod-ucts. It is way past time, but we have to seize this moment and make it hap-pen. Right now Americans are powerless to protect themselves from chemicals that hurt pregnant women, chemicals that hurt young children, chemicals that can hurt their child’s develop-ment, and chemicals that could cause cancer. Since TSCA passed in 1976, over 4 million babies have been born with birth defects and 15 million babies have been born preterm. Since 1976, 21 mil-lion people in the United States have died of cancer. And just since the Fifth Circuit case that struck down the En-vironmental Protection Agency’s ban on asbestos in 1991, about 375,000 Amer-icans have died from mesothelioma, a disease directly linked to asbestos ex-posure. Clearly we need to change our law and replace a dysfunctional law with one that will work. This bill is set up in a fashion that it will take on the most serious, high-risk products that are already in our environment—the high-risk molecules—and have a thor-ough process for studying them and then acting appropriately in the cases where citizens are exposed to those products. This bill provides a process for looking at future chemicals before they are put into our products, before they cause health problems for Ameri-cans, before they cause disease, before they cause cancer, before they cause birth defects, and before they are at-tached to dust that gets into the lungs of our little babies crawling on carpets. That would be a tremendous improve-ment. We will make sure everyday products are safe before they are in our classrooms, before they are in our workplaces, and before they are in our homes. Because of this bill, the EPA will have the tools and resources needed to evaluate all of the dangerous chemicals that are already in the market, and they will have the muscle to eliminate unsafe uses. There is nothing more im-portant than helping the health and well-being of Americans now and for generations to come. One key element of this dialogue has been on whether it compromises the ability of States to act when they de-tect chemicals they are concerned about. This bill has been specifically constructed to make sure States have that power. Any law written before April 22 is grandfathered. Certainly any bill that was written to control lead pipes in homes, that was written in the past, is grandfathered. You don’t have to worry about any sort of pause or preemption of State authority. Anytime the Federal Government says there is a high-priority chemical— one they are going to take a close look at—there is a period of time called scoping. In that period of time, any State that proposes a rule—all action on that rule is grandfathered; it can go right ahead. If the State has passed a law in that period, the law is grand-fathered. Then, during the period of time which is referred to as risk evaluation following the scoping and determining what particular forms of exposure are ones that create a risk, during that time, the only thing that would cause a State to be unable to act is if it was exactly the same chemical in exactly the same use out of the hundreds of thousands of chemicals in the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.025 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3249 May 26, 2016 
Furthermore, even then, there is a waiver that says the State can act if they show there is a scientific paper that shows that chemical is a risk, if they are not violating the supremacy clause of the Constitution and if they are not violating the commerce clause of the Constitution. So, in fact, States have full power to operate throughout these phases as a result of these var-ious clauses. The bipartisan team that has worked on this has run a marathon together. Now, after many miles, innumerable meetings, and late nights, we are just inches from a momentous improve-ment over current law. Current law has been completely, 100 percent dysfunc-tional for decades, leading to the expo-sure of our children, our babies, our-selves, and everyone in America to a huge list of toxic chemicals. Senators in this Chamber will get a lot of attention for their work on this bill, but I wish to note that behind the scenes, the staff has labored day and night—a bipartisan team of staff. They worked many late nights and they had many sleepless moments while trying to figure out and finesse good policy and a path that would keep this bipar-tisan effort rolling forward. I especially wish to thank my staffer who has taken the lead on this issue. Adrian Deveny has done a tremendous job. He has put in an enormous amount of time contributing substantial exper-tise and has worked hard to reach out to other staff members and other of-fices to listen and understand the chal-lenges and the many perspectives and find a way forward. He made sure that when things were tense, lines of com-munication stayed open. Because people stayed in the room and listened to each other, the staff and the Senators, on a bipartisan, bi-cameral basis, remained committed to the vision laid out by Frank Lauten-berg that we will no longer allow Americans to be routinely exposed to toxic chemicals in their household products. That means taking on the ex-isting chemicals, and that means hav-ing a process for new chemicals before they are introduced and making sure they do not pose a new challenge, a new disease, a new risk. The finish line is within sight, and it is up to all of us to get there for the safety and health of every American. Let’s get it done. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Madam President, are we in morning business? The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are postcloture. Mr. WICKER. I ask unanimous con-sent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WICKER. Madam President, let me congratulate my friend from Or-egon for his remarks and simply point out to the Chair and to my fellow Members that this is another example of bipartisan accomplishments in the Senate and in the House. This rep-resents a lot of work on both ends of the building, Republicans and Demo-crats coming together. As my friend said, it is about to get done. When we put this on top of a number of accomplishments, including edu-cation, including dealing with the Zika virus, including dealing with the drug problem and so many other things, we have actually been able to get legisla-tion done and sent to the President and signed into law to help make our coun-try better, stronger, and better pro-tected. I appreciate what my friend said about the TSCA bill. I am also opti-mistic about it. Madam President, switching gears to the National Defense Authorization Act, I am also optimistic about that. Obviously, we had hoped to pass the bill before Memorial Day as a tribute to the people who have gone before us and paid the ultimate sacrifice for the freedom we enjoy as Americans. Obvi-ously, the bill has taken longer than I hoped it would and for reasons that are hard for me to understand. Neverthe-less, we are going to get to it. We are on the bill now, and we are going to hopefully finish it the week after the Memorial Day recess. I very much appreciate the fact that we are going to pass another bipartisan NDAA bill, which will be signed by the President. It is going to give our troops the opportunity to have the tools and resources they need in a very dan-gerous world. It funds the Defense Department at $602 billion. Our friends should know and the public should know that this $602 billion is the figure requested by the President of the United States, so we are coming with a bipartisan num-ber. We have had some questions on the part of our friends on the other side of the aisle about spending elsewhere, but we should be clear—and there is no question about it—the President re-quested $602 billion for defense, and this bill gives our troops and the Presi-dent that $602 billion. It deals with such important issues as preserving the progress we have made in Afghanistan, continuing our fight against the Is-lamic state, bolstering readiness against an aggressive Russia, standing up on behalf of one of our most impor-tant allies, the state of Israel, in a very troubling time. Earlier this year, Director of Na-tional Intelligence James Clapper said it correctly. He reiterated the reality of unpredictable instability. And that is what we are facing, Madam Presi-dent. So this bill is designed to address that. Also, I would mention it is designed to alleviate some of the shortages caused by the Budget Control Act when it was passed in 2011. The world is a lot different today than it was in 2011. As a last resort, the law put in place across-the-board defense cuts that were really never intended to take place. Collectively, we should have addressed the mandatory programs where the spending problems actually are, but in-stead, over the past 6 years, the Budget Control Act has required almost $200 billion in defense cuts. Sequestration remains the law of the land and will re-turn unless Congress acts in 2018. The Army now has 100,000 fewer sol-diers than it did 4 years ago. The Ma-rines will be nearly 5,000 below their optimal force. Our Air Force is the smallest it has ever been in the history of the Air Force. And with 272 ships in the fleet, the Navy is well below its re-quirement of 308 ships. I am pleased to serve as chairman of the Subcommittee on Seapower of the Committee on Armed Services. As such, I was happy to work with other members of the subcommittee on the Navy and seapower title to this bill. I want to thank my colleague Senator H
IRONO of Hawaii, the ranking Demo-cratic member of the subcommittee, for her leadership. As I said, we are years away from achieving the Navy’s ship requirement of 308 ships. There is also no plan to meet the National Defense Panel’s rec-ommendation for more ships—either 323, at a minimum, or up to 346 ships. So we are well away from where we really need to be to protect America and our freedom of movement around the globe. Meanwhile, the Navy has significant budget constraints. Its 2017 request is $8 billion less than the 2017 value presented in last year’s budget. Nonetheless, we worked on a number of items to do the best we can with the money we have. First, we looked at the viability of the 30-year shipbuilding plan. Secondly, we worked to ensure that limited taxpayer dollars are used wisely. Thirdly, we looked forward to the future and what should be required of our future surface combatant ships and what costs might constrain the budget. And fourthly, we worked to en-sure that the Navy and Marine Corps can continue to provide force protec-tion around the world. So thanks to the members of my sub-committee and my ranking member Senator H
IRONO for that. But seapower is only one part of the bill. It may be the one I have worked on more carefully, but there are other parts of the National Defense Author-ization bill. As you know, Madam President, there is no authorization in the bill for another round of base clos-ings. I very much support that provi-sion and believe that no further base closing rounds should be authorized, and we don’t. Also, there is an extension of prohibi-tions on the closing of Guantanamo Bay and a prohibition of the transfer of any detainees from there. There is also support for the recommendation of the National Commission on the Future of the Army regarding aviation force structure. I advocated the creation of this commission, along with my col-league Senator G
RAHAM , in the wake of unvetted proposals to cut the size of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.026 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3250 May 26, 2016 
the National Guard and reallocate Apache helicopters. So I am glad we have addressed that problem and are on the way—hopefully week after next—to passing this important bill. It is fitting that Americans will gather on Memorial Day in the next few days, remembering the patriots who made the ultimate sacrifice and honoring the patriots who are today voluntarily stepping forward to make our country strong and great and help-ing all our citizens enjoy the freedoms we have today. I am glad to be part of this bill. I congratulate the leadership of the com-mittee and the Senate, and I look for-ward to passing this Defense bill with-out further delay. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that on Mon-day, June 6, notwithstanding rule XXII, following morning business, the motion to proceed to S. 2943 be agreed to and the Senate proceed to the con-sideration of S. 2943 and Senator F
ISCH-
ER, or her designee, be recognized to offer her amendment No. 4206; further, that the time until 5:30 p.m. be equally divided between the managers or their designees, and that at 5:30 p.m. the Senate vote on the Fischer amend-ment, with no second-degree amend-ments in order to the amendment prior to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Now, Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at 1:30 p.m. today, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of Calendar Nos. 462 and 463; that there be 15 minutes for de-bate only on the nominations, equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nominations in the order listed without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session without any intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
ZIKA VIRUS  
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, we are here just a few days before Me-morial Day, when all across the coun-try, Americans are going to go to pa-rades to pay tribute to troops who made the ultimate sacrifice. They will invite friends and family over and fire up the grill. I think we all look forward to those family gatherings. At least that is what Americans usu-ally do over this holiday weekend. This year, they might have second thoughts. I know I am getting asked a lot of questions by my family, not because of rain but because of something more frightening. Since the beginning of the year, public health experts have been warning us about a severe threat to moms and babies—the Zika virus. It causes severe damage to fetal brains, birth defects, and even death. Zika is not just coming to the United States; it is already here. People are concerned, and they want us to act. There are already more than 150 preg-nant women in the United States who have been infected, and we are hearing of more every day. We have four in Michigan so far, and the threat is growing. We are fortunate to have doctors and scientists at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Na-tional Institutes of Health who have the skills and the knowledge to get Zika under control. I have great con-fidence in their ability to create a vac-cine, to do what needs to be done on testing, and to get the information we don’t have right now on the full impact of the Zika virus. These brilliant minds are ready to go to work in the lab to find a treatment, to develop a vaccine that can help pro-tect the health of babies, of pregnant moms, and of women of childbearing age. We are now hearing about a dif-ferent kind of reaction to the Zika virus in men, as well, so we are still learning every single day. But that work will be costly. Specifically, these doctors and scientists asked for $1.9 billion, and they included an extremely detailed action plan for where the money would go and the work that would be done. Unfortunately, we have not yet sent an appropriation to the President of the United States to sign so they can get to work. Republicans in Congress have said no to the full request. Senate Republicans have agreed to $1.1 billion. I am glad we have been able to get agreement to move something forward as a first step, even though it is not what the scientists and doctors have said needs to happen. But I signed on because it was the best we could get at the moment, and we have to get start-ed. What is incredibly concerning is that the House of Representatives was even more shortsighted. They gave research-ers only one-third of what they asked for—one-third of what they say they need to go into the lab and develop the vaccines that will protect our children, will protect pregnant moms, and pro-tect all of us who may be impacted in some way. On top of that, in the House, they are using gimmicks to disguise the fact that they are raiding one public health fund to pay for another. So it is as if there is a fire, and you send a fire en-gine out. Then another fire starts on the other side of town. And instead of sending a different fire engine out, you just take the one and send it to the other fire. Well, wait a minute. People wouldn’t put up with that in the com-munity, and they certainly aren’t going to put up with what we are see-ing coming from the Republicans in the House. So they are playing games and denying doctors and researchers the money they need to keep us safe. Many of these Members talk tough about keeping Americans safe, but right now we have a frightening virus that is getting more severe every pass-ing day. Yet Republican colleagues, particularly in the House, have no sense of urgency. We haven’t seen a sense of urgency to take the Senate compromise out of an appropriations bill, put it into an emergency bill, and send it to the President. Madam President, I can’t imagine how scary this must be for a pregnant woman right now—even for women in Michigan, where the threat is far less severe than in other parts of the coun-try. Yet when my own family members, when others across Michigan—friends I talk to, the others I have had a chance to talk to in the last couple of weeks— turn on the television, they have to hear from Republicans in Washington who refuse to take this threat seri-ously. We have to take this seriously. Make no mistake, this is a major public health emergency. These mosquitoes are not picking and choosing whether they are going to bite Democrats versus Republicans. The reality is that this is a public health emergency for all Americans, and we need to treat it as that. For Republicans to go home for Me-morial Day without dealing with this threat is incredibly insensitive and ir-responsible. We have work to do. This is another case where we need to make sure we are doing our job. We are here; we are willing to do that. We must equip our doctors and medical re-searchers with the tools they need to keep our families safe. For a threat of this scale, we should not be delaying in any way, and we can’t do this on the cheap. We can’t only do part of it. We have to do what needs to be done with the doctors, the researchers, and the people we trust in our country. We have the most bril-liant minds in the world. They are tell-ing us what needs to be done, but they need the resources to get it done. The richest Nation in the world can’t afford to take the steps necessary to defeat the world’s most urgent public health crisis. Really? I don’t think so. It is time to act. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that since Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.028 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3251 May 26, 2016 
INHOFE and I will speak on the same important topic, we speak back to back for up to 15 minutes total. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FRANK R . LAUTENBERG CHEMICAL SAFETY FOR  
THE 21ST CENTURY BILL  
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, we rise together with so many other Mem-bers of the Senate on a bipartisan basis to strongly support the chemical safety bill which passed the U.S. House of Representatives with enormous bipar-tisan support and is ready to pass here in the Senate. This is a long day coming. First, this is an element of Federal law that has been in dire need of updating. All stakeholders—left, right, and middle— have said that for decades. Secondly, we have been working on this specific bill, this solution to that problem, for over 5 years. I started over 5 years ago with what I think we would reasonably charac-terize as a Republican proposal, in con-trast to a clearly Democratic proposal by then-Senator Frank Lautenberg. We had these competing partisan proposals for some time, but in early 2013 we made a very determined effort to try to bridge that divide and come up with a strong bipartisan proposal to achieve two absolutely necessary objectives: one, to make sure we fully protect the health and safety of all Americans with regard to chemicals that are in prod-ucts we use every day—that is para-mount, and that has to happen—and two, to make sure we do it in a way that allows American companies to re-main science and innovation leaders in this important sector of our economy. I have to say that when we started these discussions in early 2013, I think both Frank Lautenberg and I were very cynical about our chances of success. We were miles apart, but we were de-termined to get this done. We met and negotiated and discussed in good faith. Our staffs did as well. That led to a real breakthrough in 2013—a bipartisan bill to update this area of environ-mental law with regard to chemical safety. In 2013 we introduced the first bipar-tisan proposal with regard to that. Sadly, Frank Lautenberg passed short-ly after we completed that work and introduced that bill. But I am very happy that many others took up the cause, led on the Democratic side by T
OMUDALL of New Mexico. Many oth-ers were involved. I see Senator B
OOK-
ERhere, Frank Lautenberg’s successor in that New Jersey Senate seat. He has been involved. Certainly the chair of our committee, J
IMINHOFE , has been extremely involved and in the weeds in a positive way and supportive. Over the 3 years since the introduction of the first version of the bill, that led to this strong bipartisan bill we have before us that passed the House with over-whelming support. Not many things pass the U.S. House of Representatives with that sort of overwhelming support—I think there were a total of 12 ‘‘no’’ votes. Not many things come to the U.S. Senate with this sort of near unanimous or unani-mous support. Nothing in the last sev-eral decades in the category of major environmental legislation has done that. This is a major achievement, and it is a positive achievement when we look at the substance of the legislation. It ensures the proper protection of health and safety for all Americans because these are chemicals in products that we use and touch every minute of every day and that enhance our lives and quality of life, and it is a workable reg-ulatory regime that does it in a work-able way so that American companies in this sector—and a lot of them, I am proud to say, are in Louisiana—can re-main science and innovation leaders. That is why it has widespread industry support. That is why it has widespread support among many other groups, in-cluding environmental groups. That is why it garnered such an overwhelming bipartisan vote in the U.S. House of Representatives. And that is why it has overwhelming bipartisan support here in the Senate. The Senate version of this bill passed by voice vote. There were no articulated objections to it. It passed by voice vote with very strong support. That remains the base of this bill. That remains the heart and soul of this bill. The final version—the bill we are considering now—has been posted on-line for almost a week. Under the House rules, that needed to happen. That happened late last week, and it has been publicly available for some time, certainly enough time for all Members to dissect and digest it. So I encourage final positive action on this bill to move us forward in a significant way. Madam President, with that, I yield to the chairman of the committee, who has been a great leader to advance this cause. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, first, let me thank the Senator from Lou-isiana. It has been a long fight for a long time. Of course, I understand that Bonnie Lautenberg—who has been a very significant part of the discussion as we have gone along—is here today, and she is living this historic day with us. I say ‘‘historic day’’ because the Senate can take the final steps nec-essary to send the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act to be signed into law. That can happen today. Today the Senate can pass a bill with a tremendous amount of support. I think the Senator from Louisiana articulated it very well. We had individuals from the far right and the far left all in agreement. I would add to that that we have an impressive list of groups that are sup-porting this: the Obama administra-tion, American Chemistry Council, En-vironmental Defense Fund, U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce, Humane Society, Na-tional Association of Manufacturers, March of Dimes, American Petroleum Institute, National Wildlife Federa-tion, Alliance of Automobile Manufac-turers, Americans for Tax Reform, Na-tional Association of Chemical Dis-tributors, and American Fuel & Petro-chemical Manufacturing. Everybody. We are talking about labor unions and manufacturers. It is very rare. I agree with the Senator from Lou-isiana. I don’t recall, in my experience here, ever having the array of support from organizations and people that we have with this. I have been working along with that group since 2012, and then Senator Lautenberg approached me and asked for my help. I think that was the time Republicans became a majority—no, we were still a minority at that time. But he wanted to have ev-eryone involved in this from the dif-ferent parties and different philo-sophical realms, and that is exactly what happened. I know my friend Bonnie Lautenberg, as I mentioned, is here today. I have never seen a bill in process that has garnered the support of someone like, in this case, the widow of Frank Lau-tenberg. She is there all the time, mak-ing sure this proper tribute we are going to make today becomes reality. I think the key provisions have been covered by my friend from Louisiana. Let me join him in thanking all our friends from the left and friends from the right for joining together on some-thing that is really good for America. One thing that hasn’t been talked about very much is the number of jobs. I talked to a large group of manufac-turers yesterday, and they said we never talk about jobs. There are jobs overseas today because of the uncer-tainty here in terms of how we are treating chemicals in this country. They can’t put forth the money and re-sources necessary unless they know there is certainty that they are going to be able to use whatever chemicals they have to use to produce whatever they are producing. Where are they now? They are in China, India, Mex-ico—places where they don’t have to deal with this problem. So that is a major thing that is happening. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 2576 
Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be deter-mined by the majority leader, in con-sultation with the Democratic leader, the Chair lay before the Senate the message to accompany H.R. 2576; fur-ther, that the majority leader or his designee be recognized to make a mo-tion to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment; that there be no other motions in order and there be up to 3 hours of debate equally divided between the two leaders or their designees on the motion; finally, that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment with no intervening action or debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.030 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3252 May 26, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Madam President, reserv-ing the right to object, one of the pledges I made to the people of Ken-tucky when I came here is that I would read the bills. This bill came here on Tuesday. It is 180 pages long. It in-volves new criminalization—new crimes that will be created at the Fed-eral level. It includes preemption of States. It includes a new Federal re-gime which would basically supersede regulations—or lack of regulations—in Louisiana or Texas or Oklahoma. I think it deserves to be read, to be un-derstood, and to be debated, so I object to just rushing this through and say-ing: Oh, you can’t read the bill. I told people—everybody involved in this—I just want to read the bill. We have been working on it now for 2 days, looking at the bill. We have been talk-ing to people who worked on the bill. Is it not unreasonable to ask that we have time to read a bill? Here is the other problem: Every day in my office, business comes into my office. And what do they say? We are regulated to death. We are sick and tired of regulators from the executive branch who are out of control. So what does this bill do? It takes the power away from the States and creates a new Federal regulatory re-gime. Here is the whole problem: People are now saying ‘‘Please regulate us,’’ and when they get overregulated, they say ‘‘Please stop overregulating us.’’ We should think through how we are going to do things around here. We should take the time to read the bills. We should take the time to understand the bills. I will continue to object until we have had time to look at the bill thor-oughly. With that, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Objection is heard. The Senator from Louisiana. Mr. VITTER. Madam President, let me say that I regret an objection to this very reasonable path forward. No one objects to all Members of the Sen-ate reading the bill. I encourage all Members of the Senate to read the bill. There has been and is continuing op-portunity to do that. As you heard, that unanimous con-sent request wasn’t rushing through anything; it was a 3-hour debate and a rollcall vote. The final version of the bill has been publicly available for everyone to read, dissect, and digest for about a week. It is largely similar to the Senate version that passed months ago and to which there was no objection raised. That passed by voice vote. So there is no im-pediment to everyone having adequate time to read and digest the bill. The final version has been available for that purpose for about a week. I think it is unfortunate that we can’t move forward in this sort of clear, reasonable, and straightforward way, but we certainly will in the near future, and I look forward to that. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I re-gret that the Senator from Kentucky has left the Chamber because the two things he mentioned were the criminal provisions and the preemption. The criminal provisions and the preemption have been with us for 6 months—not for 2 days, not for 3 days, but for 6 months. That is exactly what we voted on in December. You can’t ask for more time than that to consider the provisions of a bill. The other thing is that we are all supporting the two components of the bill—that is, the criminal provisions and the preemption. Again, they have been here for 6 months. I ask that we have a chance to recon-sider. We know this is going to pass. We know that when we get back, it will pass. It will pass because we have to go through all the procedures of a cloture vote on the motion to proceed and all that. So we know it is going to pass. That is not the issue. It is just that if we could do it now instead of 2 weeks from now. There are people making de-cisions today as to what they are going to be doing and what products they are going to be manufacturing and where they are going to do it. And to put that off for 2 more weeks after we have been working on this for 6 months is not a fair way to conduct business. I hope that later on today we will have an opportunity to get this done. There is no reason not to do it. Every-one is for it. Every group I mentioned is for it. Every Democrat, Republican, liberal, conservative is all for it. This is our opportunity to get it done. There is still time today to do that. I hope that between now and 1:45, which is the scheduled time for our vote, that will be a reality. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I am very grateful that my chairman of my committee, Environment and Public Works, spoke so eloquently about the issues surrounding this bill. I am new to the Senate—at least in Senate terms—because I have been here for 2
1⁄2 years, but I have never seen such a broad-based coalition involved in sup-porting a bill—a coalition that extends from the far right to the far left, a coa-lition that brings industry and activ-ists together, a coalition that brings environmentalists together, as well as those who seek economic growth. This is a tremendous coalition. But even more so for me as a relatively new Sen-ator, it has been one of the greatest privileges I have had in the Senate to work together in such a cooperative way to bring about legislation for which you really could build such a broad base of support. I applaud my colleagues, and I ap-plaud the chairman and the ranking member. I applaud all the members on the EPW Committee and others for working on a bill that does earn, in my opinion, speaking as a man from New Jersey, the right to have the name of my predecessor Frank Lautenberg on it. Senator Lautenberg was a giant in New Jersey. He served this country with distinction. He was a veteran. He was a public servant. He actually ran a business and grew it to be a mighty one in my State and beyond. You cannot truly begin to appreciate the void that was left by him, but the great thing about this champion of transportation, of infrastructure, of consumer safety, of fighting for his fellow citizens, this champion’s work, where he began working in partnership with Senator VITTER to try to move this forward and then sadly died—this is one of his great legacies. One of his great contributions was his effort to begin what has now been a multiple-year effort to reform the toxic hazardous chemical law. Sen-ator Lautenberg’s efforts were the in-stigating factor, the ignition of this success that we are having today of such a broad-based bill, of such broad- based support. It reflects his work, his efforts, and his legacy. I am very proud I had the honor of finishing Senator Frank Lautenberg’s term in the Senate last year. During that time and still today, I see on a daily basis the urgency around his ef-forts. I know that after Senator Lauten-berg passed, his spirit was still very much manifest in this area when his wife, Bonnie Lautenberg, took up the important cause and served as one of the fiercest champions in strength-ening this bill we are talking about now. She was here working, lobbying, nursing, pushing, cajoling, convincing, making sure we got to this day. I am very proud that during my 2
1⁄2 years, I was able to enter into the work to get this legislation to where it is today. I saw Senator T
OMUDALL ’s lead-ership, and I want to praise that. I saw how tireless he was working on this. I am grateful for Senator U
DALL ’s, Sen-ator V
ITTER ’s, Chairman I NHOFE ’s, and everyone’s staff, as they worked to-gether to get this bill to where it is today. At the beginning of 2015, my col-leagues, Senator W
HITEHOUSE and Sen-ator M
ERKLEY , and I began by negoti-ating with Senators U
DALL and V ITTER  to make what we saw as urgently need-ed improvements to this bill. Working together, I am proud we were able to make those improvements to the pre-emption provisions that were involved in some of the things my colleague from Kentucky was just talking about—making sure that States still have a role in the process, still have power and authority in this process, and have the ability now to co-enforce with the Federal Government around this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.031 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3253 May 26, 2016 
I was also very proud of a provision in this bill that will significantly mini-mize new animal testing and poten-tially save tens of thousands of ani-mals from unnecessary suffering. I am proud that the revised bill passed out of the EPW Committee with strong bipartisan support. I am also proud that since the EPW Committee has improved this bill, Senators U
DALL  and V
ITTER have stayed at the negoti-ating table and continued to take input from folks on both sides of the aisle, continuing to make this a better bill. Senators M
ERKLEY , DURBIN , BOXER , the bill’s sponsor, and others have made additional changes to make this bill strong. We would never have gotten this strong of a TSCA reform bill if it weren’t for the work of people on both sides of the political aisle, if it weren’t for the work of people within industry, if it weren’t for the work of advocacy groups, and if it weren’t for groups I have come to respect a tremendous amount, such as the Environmental Defense Fund, whose early engagement and constant pressure played such an important role. This is one of those rare moments where you have a full court press, both sides of the aisle and individuals who are representing multiple sectors all coming together to make a strong bill. They are making a strong bill because everyone was in agreement that the legislation we had—decades’ old, the TSCA bill—was broken. It was broken in that it did not protect consumer safety. It was broken in that it did not give predictability and certainty to the industry. It was broken because it put America’s health at risk. Whether it was children or our seniors, it created an environment where people could get sick. It had no teeth. It had no strength. When this bill becomes law, it will protect American families, it will protect our children from dan-gerous chemicals, and it will give in-dustry the certainty it needs. I urge my colleagues to pass the Frank Lautenberg bill today. I want to thank everyone again. This is a result of a tremendous coalition of efforts, a symphony of focus and work, of people coming together to do something that many people think is rare in the Sen-ate—that we all can work together across partisan lines to make good leg-islation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID MCBEE  
Mr. COTTON. Madam President, I want to recognize today David McBee of Gassville, AK, as this week’s Arkan-san of the Week for his charitable con-tributions to his North Arkansas com-munity. By day, David is the regional manager at Arvest Bank’s Yellville branch, but he spends much of his free time after work and on the weekends volunteering for several causes in the area. Last year, David’s leadership helped his Arvest branch become the top fund-raiser in the State for the Cotter Back-pack Program, a local charity that pro-vides backpacks of food to school-children in need. His efforts led to Cot-ter schools receiving the Spirit of Ar-kansas Award 2 years in a row. David also spends countless hours or-ganizing the annual Cotter Warrior 5K Color Run each fall. Earlier this year, David planned a community Feed the Pack Day, where volunteers collected change at intersections and various other sites around the Mountain Home and Gassville area and donated the pro-ceeds to fight hunger in the region. On the weekends, you can find David at the football field, where he is one of the voices of the Arkansas Tornados, a local semiprofessional football team. I think Cotter High principal Amanda Britt said it best when she wrote in her nomination of David, ‘‘He is always willing to step in and help for anything we need.’’ David’s tireless dedication to his community is Arkansas at its very best, and I am proud to recognize his many contributions in this small way. David, on behalf of all Arkansans, thank you for all you do to make our home State a better place. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to executive session for the consideration of the nomina-tions previously ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of the following nominations, which the clerk will re-port. The bill clerk read the nominations of Laura S.H. Holgate, of Virginia, to be Representative of the United States of America to the Vienna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Am-bassador; and Laura S.H. Holgate, of Virginia, to be the Representative of the United States of America to the International Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be 15 minutes equally divided for the consid-eration of these nominations. The Senator from Ohio. 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL  
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I rise today to talk about an issue that affects all of us in this Chamber and all of the communities we represent. I also rise on behalf of the 200,000 Ohioans who are currently struggling with an addiction to prescription drugs or opi-ates. Heroin and prescription drug addic-tion has gripped our country. Unfortu-nately, we are facing an epidemic now, and I want to rise today to talk about how we can do a better job to address that. This is the seventh time I have come to the floor of the Senate to speak on this issue since the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act passed the Senate on March 10. That vote was 94 to 1, showing that Members from every single State are affected by this and want to address it. The Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, CARA, is a good start and will make a big difference because it is comprehensive and it addresses every aspect of the issue, from education and prevention through treatment and re-covery, and helps our law enforcement folks and helps get these prescription drugs out of our communities. It is a good piece of legislation that I hope we will be able to get to the President’s desk for his signature. For the first 5 weeks I came to the floor, I talked about the fact that I hoped the House would act. I urged the House to act quickly on this emer-gency that is affecting our commu-nities. Last week I came to the floor to say thank you to the House because they did act. They voted on 18 separate bills. Combined, they were a response to this epidemic, and I think that was a very important step forward. I am encouraged that now the two Chambers, the House and Senate, are trying to figure out a way to come to-gether with a conference to come up with one bill that can be sent to the President for his signature. I do believe the legislation we passed in the Senate is more comprehensive, and I hope the House will be willing to take some of our measures, particularly in the area of prevention, which was left out, be-cause I think preventing this addiction in the first place and keeping people out of the funnel of addiction is incred-ibly important. It has been 77 days since the Senate passed CARA, and we lose about 120 Americans a day to drug overdoses or about 1 every 12 minutes. This means we have lost about 9,000 Americans to drug overdoses since the Senate passed this legislation back on March 10. About 300 Ohioans have lost their lives to heroin and prescription drug overdoses. We were told by the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention that in 2014 Ohio had the second most overdoses of any State in the Union and fifth highest, overall, overdose death rate. I have seen the consequences of this every time I go home. I will be home tomorrow and will have the oppor-tunity to visit with some people who are trying to help on this issue, but ev-erywhere I go I hear about it. Last night I had a tele-townhall meeting. We have about 25,000 Ohioans on the phone at any one time at these tele-townhall meetings. Somebody called in to talk about our legislation, CARA. His name was Joe. He is from Delta, OH, and he was very open about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.033 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3254 May 26, 2016 
his situation. He said he had been a heroin addict for 15 years. He said he was 33 years old. He said he had a stroke when he was 25 that was related to his use of heroin. He said he had been in and out of treatment programs. He was clean now, but he was tired of going to funerals. He said he had been a pallbearer at about 20 funerals of friends of his who had died from overdoses. He said he was ready to straighten out his life and get back on track. He also talked about how tough that is; that the grip of this addiction is so strong, it is very difficult to go through a treatment program and into recovery and come out clean. He said he likes our legislation because he be-lieves there should be more treatment out there. He said many people who want to go to treatment cannot get the treatment they need. We also talked about the stigma that is attached to addiction. That many people don’t go forward to even tell their families, much less get into treatment, because of the stigma around this disease. Unfortunately, stories like Joe’s are in the headlines every day. Just since I spoke on the floor last week, more headlines are coming out of Ohio. It is everywhere, by the way. It knows no ZIP Code. It is in the inner city, it is in your community wherever you live, it is in suburbs, and it is in our rural areas. In fact, the per capita use in rural areas may be higher than it is in the inner city. This week the Cleveland Plain Dealer began a series of stories on those whose lives have been cut short by this epi-demic, and I applaud them for that. By raising awareness of this issue, I think that will help in terms of the preven-tion side of this, and I think it will also help people to be able to seek treat-ment. The stories the Cleveland Plain Deal-er is featuring includes a fentanyl over-dose death of an 18-year-old named Nicholas DiMarco, who was an honor student at North Olmsted High School. They include the story of Patrick O’Malley, a bright, young graduate of Ohio University. Patrick used prescrip-tion painkillers—drugs we all know the names of, like Vicodin and Percocet. He abused them and became addicted. Money started being missing from his mom’s wallet. Laptops, televisions, and other items went missing from their home. He told his brother he didn’t want to keep using. He wanted to stop. He said he had a disease, and it is a dis-ease. He sought treatment and went into rehab at the Free Clinic in Cleve-land, OH. I have been there and have seen the good work they do. Sadly, he relapsed, and just 2 weeks later his brother found him dead in his bedroom with a needle stuck in his arm. He was 25 years old. Unfortunately, these stories continue to be told because this is what is hap-pening in our communities. Mary Jo Trocano was a grandmother who had chronic pain. She was prescribed pain-killers to deal with her chronic pain, and like so many others, she became addicted to them. When she ran out, this grandmother switched to heroin. It is less expensive and more acces-sible. She fought this addiction for 10 years, but Mary Jo was found dead in the backyard of an abandoned house in the west side of Cleveland recently in her late fifties. These are just stories from one town, Cleveland, but they can happen in your hometown. Again, no ZIP Code in the country is safe from this strong grip of this particular addiction. Just last Friday, police in Niles, OH, seized $100,000 worth of heroin from one man. Three days later, a prison guard in Athens, OH, pled guilty to assisting the drug traffickers and getting drugs into the prison system. In Columbus, a mom pled guilty to involuntary manslaughter after her daughter, Annabella, who was just 14 months old, ingested fentanyl-laced heroin at a drug house. Annabella died of an overdose and her mom is now fac-ing up to 11 years in prison. Fentanyl, by the way, is a synthetic form of her-oin. It has similar qualities except it is much stronger—often as much as 50 times stronger than heroin. Unfortu-nately, many of the overdose deaths in Cleveland are due to the fentanyl that is often laced with the heroin. In fact, there have been more deaths in Cleve-land, OH, in this first quarter than ever. In fact, we are looking at prob-ably doubling the number of overdose deaths if we continue on this pace in Cleveland, OH, compared to last year. This is how serious it is in my State and your State, wherever you live. On May 9, Ohio State troopers seized $20,000 in heroin on Route 23 in Marion County, a rural area. Just 3 days later, three people died of drug overdoses in Marion County in a 24-hour period. Every one of these victims had fam-ily, friends, or classmates who are now suffering themselves. It shouldn’t be this way, but unfortunately that is just the tip of the iceberg. In addition to the 9,000 Americans we have lost since this legislation passed the U.S. Sen-ate—think about this—there are hun-dreds and thousands more who are wounded. They have lost their jobs, been driven to theft or fraud, gone to jail, broken relationships with loved ones because the drug is everything. This is what I hear and what I heard last night in the tele-townhall. What I hear from other recovering addicts is that the drug becomes everything. Therefore, the families are torn apart and therefore the job means nothing. They turn to theft when they had never before crossed that line of committing a crime. That is the status quo today. Getting a comprehensive bill to the President’s desk for signature and get-ting it to our communities will help. It has to be comprehensive because we know it is not going to work if it just addresses one side of the issue or an-other. There has been a debate over funding for this legislation. Some have said more funding is the answer to all of our problems. Unfortunately, some have tried to politicize this a little bit, and I suggest what they are doing is not going to help because what we need to do is get a comprehensive bill out there that talks about providing funding— and I believe there should be more funding—that goes to the evidence- based programs we know work, and that is what this legislation does. It is based on 3 years of work. We brought experts in from all over the country. We had five conferences in Washington, DC. We had conferences about how to help our veterans, pregnant moms, ad-dicted babies, and ensure that we have more people who are given the right kind of treatment—medication-as-sisted treatment—to be able to get back on track. Yes, I have supported more funding, and we should continue to try to get more funding to address this problem, but it is not just a matter of putting more money into it, it is also a matter of spending that money wisely. That is what this legislation does. Yes, there is more money. It has $80 to $100 million in additional funding, but it also has funding that will be used for what we know works. We need to be sure we do this soon because, again, this epidemic is grow-ing. CARA, Comprehensive Addiction Recovery Act, insists that we are tar-geting this funding toward evidence- based education, treatment, and recov-ery programs. There are 130 national anti-drug groups that support this leg-islation because of the fact that they were part of putting it together. They know what works out there and what doesn’t work. This is a national effort. It is one that will save lives and will make a difference in so many other people’s lives and will begin to actually turn the tide on this epidemic. Again, this legislation is one that 94 Senators supported. Only one Senator opposed it. Again, that shows how this has become an issue in every single State that has to be addressed because it is affecting everybody in every com-munity. CARA has a number of things on prevention education that are in-credibly important to keep people out of the funnel of addiction and help peo-ple make the right decisions, particu-larly for teens, parents, other care-takers, and aging other populations. It does more in terms of making people aware of this connection between pre-scription drugs and heroin. Probably four out of five heroin addicts in Ohio today started out with prescription drugs, and for people to know that, it helps them avoid being in the situation they are, like the grandmother in Cleveland I talked about who was ex-posed to more and more painkillers and became addicted to them. CARA also improves treatment by expanding the availability of naloxone. This is the miracle drug that can actu-ally stop and reverse an overdose. Law enforcement agencies and first re-sponders support our legislation be-cause they appreciate the fact that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.035 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3255 May 26, 2016 
there is more funding for naloxone, also called Narcan, and also because there is more training in our legisla-tion so people have the training to be able to save lives and reverse these overdoses. It also expands treatment for pris-oners who are suffering from addiction disorders. With evidence-based treat-ments, we can break this cycle of ad-diction and crime. Prosecutors have told me that in some counties in Ohio, more than 80 percent of the crime is now directly related to this opioid ad-diction. We are told that 95 percent of the people who are in jail or prison will be released someday and about half of them will end up back in jail within 2 or 3 years. Much of the recidivism, this revolving door in the prison system, has to do with this drug abuse issue. Families are torn apart when people go back and forth in the prison system. One of the reasons for the increase in crime, and why many crimes are com-mitted, is to pay for an addiction. Breaking that cycle will help ex-of-fenders stay out of prison and help them to live out that God-given pur-pose. CARA also expands disposal sites for unwanted prescription medications to keep them out of the hands of our kids. It would strengthen prescription moni-toring programs to allow the States to monitor what goes on in their own State and to also know what is hap-pening in the State next to them. If somebody is monitored for overusing prescription drugs in one State but can simply cross the line into another State and get those drugs, that doesn’t help solve the problem. This legislation provides the ability to have a drug monitoring program that is inoperable between the States. These are critical policy improve-ments, and they are part of a com-prehensive approach to an epidemic that is devastating communities across the country. Yes, we need more fund-ing, but we also need some of these changes in law to be able to spend the money more effectively. I know these statistics about drug abuse are heartbreaking and can be very discouraging, but there are also many stories of hope we should not for-get, and those stories are inspiring. It is about those who are struggling and find a way to get their lives back to-gether. Ashley Bryner of Newton Falls, OH, which is near Youngstown, started using drugs when she was 13 years old. By 16 she had gone to cocaine and by 18 she was addicted to painkillers. When she was 24, she switched to heroin when the painkillers became too expensive and too hard to get. Again, heroin is less expensive than prescription drugs today in my State of Ohio. She said: 
When I was in addiction, I was living in hell. It just takes over your mind. . . . Ev-erything I did when I was using was all to feed my addiction. 
The drugs became everything. Then she decided to get help. She was ready. She didn’t want to live like that any-more. She checked into Trumbull Me-morial Hospital in Trumbull County. It took her 18 months to recover. She said: I had to re-learn to walk, talk, everything, without dope. It was like being born all over again. 
Four years later, she is clean and has full custody of her three sons. She is working for the Trumbull County Chil-dren’s Services. She is helping others fighting addiction and excelling at her job. She is beating this. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I hope we can send this comprehensive legislation to the Whitehouse as soon as possible, to give more people hope, to be able to reverse the tide of this ad-diction and allow those Americans to live out their God-given purpose. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, shortly we will be voting on Laura Holgate for the nomination to the posi-tion of Ambassador and U.S. Rep-resentative to the Vienna Office of the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency, IAEA. I urge my colleagues to vote for her confirmation. She came through the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and is strongly recommended by that committee. Ms. Holgate’s extensive experience makes her uniquely qualified to serve in this position. She has served in sen-ior positions in the Department of En-ergy and the Department of Defense for 14 years, building and leading global coalitions to prevent States and terror-ists from acquiring and using weapons of mass destruction. She currently serves as the Senior Director for Weapons of Mass Destruc-tion, Terrorism and Threat Reduction on the National Security Council. Hav-ing this post filled with a highly quali-fied nominee has never been more crit-ical. The position of the U.S. represent-ative to multiple U.N. agencies as well as the IAEA includes the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, and the International Monetary Money Laundering Information Network, among many others. This position covers a range of other issues at the IAEA, including North Korea. The International Atomic En-ergy Agency in the coming years will be responsible for monitoring and verifying the nuclear agreement with Iran, confronting North Korea’s contin-ued violations of its nuclear obliga-tions, and dealing with a variety of other nonproliferation threats. We need Laura Holgate in this position to represent U.S. interests and for our na-tional security, and I urge my col-leagues to support her nomination. I yield the floor. VOTE ON HOLGATE NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Holgate nomination? The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON HOLGATE NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Holgate nomination? Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 67, nays 29, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 88 Ex.] YEAS—67 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Ernst Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Isakson Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Reed Reid Rounds Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Tillis Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—29 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Fischer Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Moran Portman Risch Roberts Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Sullivan Thune Toomey 
NOT VOTING—4 
Blumenthal Casey Flake Sanders 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.036 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3256 May 26, 2016 
The Senator from Arkansas. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Washington. 
f 
URGING THE UNITED STATES SOC-CER FEDERATION TO IMME-DIATELY ELIMINATE GENDER PAY INEQUITY Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I am delighted to be here today with the senior Senator from Maryland, a long-time champion for women in this coun-try and their access to equal pay, be-cause in our country, women in the workplace—no matter where they live, no matter their background, no matter what career they choose—on average earn less than their male colleagues. That wage gap even exists and extends to Olympic gold medalists and World Cup champions who are playing for our U.S. women’s national soccer team. Today we are on the floor to show support for the women’s national soc-cer team and to affirm the sense of the Senate that we support equal pay for equal work for all women in our coun-try. Just last year we all cheered on the women’s national soccer team as they beat Japan 5 to 2 to win the World Cup. In the past three Olympics, our wom-en’s team has brought home the gold, and their team is ranked first in the world. But despite all of those tremendous successes, these players do not get paid on par with their male counterparts. Think about the young girls who are watching who see these players at the top of their game valued less than men. These are some of the most visible ath-letes in the world. In 2015, 750 million people in the world tuned in to watch the Women’s World Cup. Twenty-five million of those viewers were here in the United States. So this isn’t just about the money. It is about the message it sends to women and girls across our country and the world. The pay gap between the men’s and the women’s national soccer teams is emblematic of what is happening across our country. On average, women get paid just 79 cents for every dollar a man makes. This is at a time when women more than ever are likely to be the primary breadwinner of their fam-ily. The wage gap isn’t just unfair to women. It hurts our families, and it hurts our economy. Carli Lloyd is a cocaptain of the U.S. women’s national soccer team. Last year she scored three of the five goals in the final World Cup match. A few months ago, she was one of the players who filed a wage discrimination case with the Equal Employment Oppor-tunity Commission. Shortly after the news of that have case broke, Carli Lloyd said: ‘‘We are not backing down anymore.’’ I know my Democratic colleagues won’t back down in the fight for equal pay, but on the Senate floor today, we have a chance to show our support for women athletes and women in the workforce who get paid less than their male colleagues. Two weeks ago, I, along with 21 of my colleagues, introduced S. Res. 462 to make clear that pay discrimination is wrong. This resolution urges U.S. Soc-cer to end pay disparities and treat all athletes with respect and with dignity, and it expresses our strong support to end the pay gap and strengthen equal pay protections. We are here to give the Senate the opportunity to take a stand with the members of the U.S. Soccer women’s team against the pay gap and wage dis-crimination and to support this legisla-tion. I will offer the resolution in just a minute, but before I do, I turn the floor over to my senior colleague. I hope that once this resolution is adopted, if we can get it adopted, we can support the equal pay for equal work that she has championed for so many years. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise today to join my distinguished col-league from Washington State, a long-standing advocate for women and chil-dren and, really, fundamental fairness. Today I join her in urging that the U.S. Soccer Federation end the gender gap and stop kicking women around. Women across our country are still paid less than men, just 79 cents for every $1 a man makes. This wage gap is felt by all women, even champions playing for the U.S. women’s soccer team. These champions won the World Cup last year. They brought in $20 million more in revenue than the men’s team, but they are paid four times less. When do we reward victory? When do we reward being a champion? How about equal pay for equal work? They belong on the same types of playing fields. Those women are taking action by going to the EEOC Commission, and it is time to score one for equality. Equal pay for all must be our goal. We want equal pay for equal work, whether we are U.S. Senators, nurses, executive as-sistants, or whether we are profes-sional athletes. I stand with the women’s soccer team and women across the United States in their fight for equal wages. They kick the ball around, but we are getting tired of being kicked around. Give us equal pay for equal work. Let’s change the lawbook—the Federal lawbook—so that they can change their checkbook. Why should our women go to the Olympics and go for the gold when they aren’t paid the gold. Let’s pass this resolution. Let’s show our support for the U.S. women’s soc-cer team. Let’s set an example for young girls, soccer athletes, daughters, nieces, and granddaughters. Let’s pass the Paycheck Fairness Act, but today let’s start with passing this resolution. This is a real-world solution in sup-port of them, but it really highlights the fact that we not only adopt resolu-tions, but we want to adopt solutions to finish the job that we started with equal pay. I compliment the Senator from Washington State for bringing this res-olution to the floor. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Last month, the national women’s soccer team filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. The complaint states that women are paid just 40 percent of what men are paid—despite the fact that our wom-en’s soccer team has long been one of the best in the world. The team has won four of the last five Olympic Gold Medals and three of the last seven World Cups. However, the wage gap between the men and women’s team is stark. Women are paid $3,600 per game while men are paid $5,000 per game. Women soccer players are awarded a win bonus of $1,350 per game. In contrast, male soccer players are awarded win bonuses of between $6,250 and $17,625 per game. That is up to 13 times more. This dif-ferential is so significant that a woman player who wins all 20 exhibition games would still make $1,000 less than a male player who lost all 20 exhibition games. Women soccer players are even given smaller per-diems when they travel. Women receive $50 per day, while men receive $62.50 per day. These examples represent the pervasiveness of wage discrimination in this country. The most successful women’s soccer team in the world still earns just 40 cents for every dollar earned by men, and that needs to change. The Senate should stand in solidarity with the na-tional women’s soccer team and pass this resolution. Of course, what is happening to the women’s soccer team isn’t an isolated event. It is indicative of a much broad-er, entrenched problem in this country. Women are still paid just 79 cents for every dollar earned by men. This means that every woman who works full time is paid $10,700 less—every year. This gap has a significant effect on the economic security of working fami-lies—40 percent of women are the pri-mary or sole breadwinners in their families. That means 40 percent of families de-pend on women’s wages to pay the bills. Every dollar women lose to the wage gap makes a difference. Here are just a few examples of what the wage gap costs families: $10,700 is more than 1 year’s worth of groceries for a family of 4, 7 months of mortgage and utility payments, or 11 months of rent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.040 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3257 May 26, 2016 
The wage gap is even bigger for Afri-can-American and Latino women. Afri-can-American women are paid just 60 cents. Hispanic women are paid just 55 cents. We can’t allow this discrimina-tion to continue. The wage gap is a national problem. It affects all women, and the Senate must take action. The Paycheck Fair-ness Act is a good place to start. I have long supported this bill, which is sponsored by Senator B
ARBARA MI-
KULSKI . The Paycheck Fairness Act would protect women from retaliation if they ask about wages and require employers to justify paying women less than men for the same job. Women often don’t know they are being paid less than men, and making the system more transparent will help reduce the wage gap. The bill would also make it easier for women to take legal action under the Equal Pay Act, including class action lawsuits. Under current law, it is significantly easier to recoup lost wages if they were denied through other discriminatory practices, like failure to pay overtime. Lastly, the bill would create a training program to help women negotiate their salaries. This is a commonsense bill and one that is long overdue. President John F. Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act in 1963. At the time, women made 59 cents for every dollar earned by men. In 53 years, we have only closed the gap by 16 cents. At this rate, it will not be eliminated until 2059. Women and their families deserve better, and they can’t afford to wait that long. I strongly urge the Sen-ate to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act and the resolution before us today. In closing, the Senate has an oppor-tunity to stand up for equal pay for the women’s soccer team—and all Amer-ican women—by adopting this resolu-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the HELP Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 462 and the Senate proceed to its consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 462) urging the United States Soccer Federation to immediately eliminate gender pay inequity and treat all athletes with the same respect and dignity. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I know of no further debate at this time on this resolution and ask unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to vote on adoption of the resolution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. If there is no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the resolu-tion. The resolution (S. Res. 462) was agreed to. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the preamble be agreed to and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of May 12, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. 
f 
REMEMBERING MARY BABULA Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I rise today to celebrate the life and work of Mary Babula. For 44 years, Mary was a tireless and passionate advocate for children and early childhood educators and a valued resource for policymakers. I was fortunate to work closely with Mary throughout my time in local and State government and later as a Mem-ber of the House of Representatives. Beyond our professional work together, Mary was a friend and also a mentor. I first met Mary in the 1980s when I was serving on the Dane County Board of Supervisors and concurrently in an appointed position on the Community Coordinated Child Care board of direc-tors. Mary was at once an advocate for children and for the predominantly fe-male professionals who teach and care for them. She understood that our chil-dren would only have safe, stimulating, and nurturing experiences in childcare settings if we invested in their train-ing, credentialing, and adequate com-pensation. Those who are entrusted with the care of children while their parents are engaged in work or study deserve that high value. Mary was a passionate leader in that regard. Mary Babula organized early child-hood educators to be effective voices on their own behalf. Whether it was lobbying for tuition assistance funding for low-income parents to be able to be afford high-quality childcare or ral-lying for worthy wages, Mary wanted early childhood educators to be seen, heard, and respected. A Wisconsin native, Mary Babula at-tended the University of Wisconsin- Madison and graduated with a degree in social work, later receiving a grad-uate degree in continuing and voca-tional education. She began her work with children as a part-time volunteer at a Madison daycare center while in college. She later worked as a teacher and director at Christian Day Care Center in Madison. In 1971, Mary began working with the Wisconsin Early Childhood Associa-tion, otherwise known as WECA, and later became the organization’s execu-tive director. During her years at WECA, Mary led the organization through a wide variety of instrumental changes. The establishment of the Fed-eral child care and development block grant signaled new opportunities for WECA to increase its direct impact on childhood education and development. Through this program, WECA managed quality-improvement grants and estab-lished the Wisconsin Child Care Im-provement Project. This project spurred the development of Child Care Resource and Referral agencies throughout Wisconsin, which provided parents a clear and responsible guide when selecting child care. In the 2000s, WECA began to admin-ister the REWARD Wisconsin Stipend Program, supported a mentoring pro-gram, and led efforts that resulted in the development and beginning of YoungStar, an important program that continues to serve as Wisconsin’s childcare quality rating and improve-ment system. Her efforts and initia-tives at WECA continue as her legacy. Mary’s passion for her children, care-givers, and educators extended well past the walls of WECA. She was eager to work with elected officials at the State, local, and Federal level to lend her expertise and knowledge. I had the privilege of working closely with Mary on numerous occasions and often sought her input on childcare issues as important legislation advanced through Congress. Beyond her work with children, Mary brought her energy and dedication to numerous community groups, includ-ing Womonsong, Friendship Force, and the Wisconsin Women’s Network. I am fortunate to have known Mary as an advocate, as a friend, and as a mentor. I never let her small stature fool me. She had a soft yet powerful voice when it came to ensuring that the youngest and most vulnerable members of our community received a very strong start in life. Thousands of Wisconsin families can trace the early education of their children directly back to her advocacy. She leaves be-hind a huge and powerful legacy. Mary Babula passed away late last year. She is survived by her life part-ner, Mary Mastaglio, her mother Mir-iam, and three sisters. Many family members and friends join in cele-brating her life and legacy. I yield back the remainder of my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT ON SECRETARY CLINTON’S NON-GOVERNMENT SERVER AND EMAIL ARRANGEMENT Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, the State Department inspector general has released findings regarding the State Department’s email practices for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.041 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3258 May 26, 2016 
the last five Secretaries of State. This report makes clear that Secretary Clinton has not told the truth to the American people about her nongovern-ment server and email arrangement. As I have noted many times before, Secretary Clinton’s nongovernment server arrangement prevented the State Department from complying with the Freedom of Information Act. She used the private server to avoid the law that requires archiving Federal records. It was designed to wall her email off from the normal treatment of a government official’s email commu-nications. The inspector general found that Sec-retary Clinton failed to surrender all official emails to the Department prior to leaving government service. The inspector general found that Sec-retary Clinton’s email practices ‘‘did not comply with the Department’s policies that were implemented in ac-cordance with the Federal Records Act.’’ In other words, she violated the law. The inspector general has made clear that Secretary Clinton neither sought nor received any permission to maintain her nongovernment server ar-rangement. Moreover, the report says that if she had, that permission would have been denied. These findings directly conflict with her many misleading public state-ments. Secretary Clinton said on July 7, 2015, ‘‘Everything I did was permitted. There was no law. There was no regula-tion. There was nothing that did not give me the full authority to decide how I was going to communicate.’’ That statement is false. Her staff also failed to comply with Department policy and records laws. They routinely conducted State De-partment business on personal email accounts. After the controversy broke, they eventually turned over 72,000 pages of work related emails from those private accounts. These emails were not pre-served in Department recordkeeping systems as required by Department policies and Federal records laws. In other words, her staff also violated the law. Documents in those 72,000 pages were systematically withheld from Freedom of Information Act requestors and con-gressional oversight committees, in-cluding the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, which I chair. Based on the in-spector general report, it appears that the Department failed to produce key documents to Congress from these per-sonal email accounts. For example, according to emails cited by the inspector general, we learned that Secretary Clinton’s non-government server was attacked by hackers. One email the Department failed to turn over said that ‘‘we were attacked again so I shut the server down for a few minutes.’’ It is disturbing that the State De-partment knew it had emails like this and turned them over to the inspector general but not to Congress. In another email the Department failed to turn over, the director of Sec-retary Clinton’s IT unit warned her that ‘‘you should be aware that any email would go through the Depart-ment’s infrastructure and subject to FOIA searches.’’ Clearly, Secretary Clinton wanted to avoid the Freedom of Information Act at all costs. That IT director who warned her about the transparency laws for State Department emails is named John Bentel. He has since retired from the State Department, and thus, the in-spector general could not require him to testify. He refused to speak with the inspec-tor general. In fact, Former Secretary Clinton and several of her aides also re-fused to speak to the inspector general. Mr. Bentel also refused to speak with the Judiciary Committee. According to his attorney, Randall Turk, Mr. Bentel knew nothing about the server at the time. In refusing to participate in a voluntary witness interview with the committee, Mr. Bentel’s attorney claimed that his client only learned of the controversial email arrangement after it was reported in the press. He said another congressional com-mittee ‘‘spent its entire interview . . . focusing on what the Committees’ let-ter says you want to ask him about.’’ In a January 14, 2016, email to my staff, Mr. Turk noted that Mr. Bentel had ‘‘no memory or knowledge of the matters he was questioned about.’’ The inspector general report says otherwise. According to the report, two of Mr. Bentel’s subordinates separately raised concerns back in 2010 about Sec-retary Clinton’s private email usage, including concerns that it was inter-fering with Federal recordkeeping laws. That is 5 years before the news broke publicly. Both of these State Department staff independently told the inspector gen-eral about similar conversations they had with Mr. Bentel about their con-cerns. According to these new wit-nesses, Mr. Bentel told them never to speak of Secretary Clinton’s personal email system again. It seems unlikely that two witnesses who told such similar stories inde-pendent of one another would be mak-ing it up. Plus, they knew they were under a legal obligation to tell the truth to the inspector general. Without having spoken to these wit-nesses directly, the circumstances make their statement seem credible. And although Mr. Bentel has been given the opportunity to provide his side of the story, he has refused to co-operate. But if what these two witnesses said is true, it is an outrage, and it raises lots of serious questions. Good and honest employees just trying to do their job were told to shut up and sit down. Concerns about the Secretary’s email system being out of compliance with Federal recordkeeping laws were swept under the rug. If those State Department employees had not been muzzled 5 years earlier, perhaps Secretary Clinton could have avoided this entire controversy. Are these statements evidence of an intent to cover up Federal Records Act violations? Were the representations to the committee by Mr. Bentel’s attor-ney that he didn’t know about the pri-vate server false? It seems from the inspector general report that Mr. Bentel in fact did have knowledge of Secretary Clinton’s email arrangement, contrary to his attor-ney’s assertions. Not only that, he also was reportedly warned that it raised legal concerns about compliance with Federal records laws. Secretary Clinton and her associates have refused to cooperate with the in-quiries into this controversy. But it is becoming more apparent why she is not. The inspector general report makes clear that Secretary Clinton and a number of other former Depart-ment officials have not been truthful with the American people. And in pursuit of constitutional over-sight on these very important issues, the Department of State is continuing to fail to provide relevant documents to Congress. I will follow up to get to the bottom of these discrepancies because mis-representing the facts to Congress is unacceptable. Simply said, the Amer-ican people deserve better. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of the Peters amendment No. 4138 to the National Defense Authorization Act. I would like to thank my colleagues, Senators D
AINES , TILLIS , and G ILLIBRAND , for joining me in filing this important bi-partisan amendment. We are a nation that takes care of our own, and we owe our veterans the highest possible level of care and sup-port. The United States is home to over 2.6 million post-9/11 veterans—a number that is expected to increase by 46 percent by 2019. The improvements in medical technology have saved the lives of wounded warriors, who will re-ceive the benefits and care these heroes deserve. While scars, lost limbs, and other in-juries are readily apparent to the eye, there are thousands of veterans coping with the invisible wounds of war. We have far too many servicemembers who are suffering from trauma-related to conditions such as post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain in-jury. Unfortunately, many of these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:28 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.005 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3259 May 26, 2016 
have received a less-than-honorable discharge, also known as a bad paper discharge. These former servicemem-bers often receive bad paper discharges for minor misconduct—the same type of misconduct that is often linked to behavior seen in those suffering from PTSD, TBI, and other trauma-related conditions. The effects of traumatic brain injury can include cognitive problems, includ-ing headaches, memory issues, dif-ficulty thinking, and attention defi-cits. It is not difficult to see how these effects could lead to behaviors like being late to a formation or missing scheduled appointments—behaviors that can be the basis for a bad papers discharge. In addition to combat-sustained inju-ries, PTSD and TBI can also be the re-sult of military sexual trauma. Bad paper discharges make former service-members who are suffering from serv-ice-connected conditions ineligible for a number of benefits that they need the most. This includes GI benefits and VA home loans which they otherwise would have earned and which can sig-nificantly help them transition to ci-vilian life. These discharges also put these servicemembers at risk of losing access to VA health care and veteran homelessness prevention programs. This is completely unacceptable. We have a responsibility to treat those who serve their country with dignity, respect, and compassion. Last year I introduced the Fairness for Veterans Act, which will help pro-vide these servicemembers with a path toward obtaining these critical bene-fits. The Peters-Daines-Tillis-Gilli-brand amendment is a modified version of this bill. This amendment builds upon the pol-icy guidance issued by former Defense Secretary and Vietnam veteran Chuck Hagel. The 2004 Hagel memo instructed liberal consideration to be given when reviewing discharge status upgrade pe-titions for PTSD-related cases at the military department boards for correc-tion of military and naval records. The Peters amendment would codify the commonsense principles of the Hagel memo, ensuring that liberal consider-ation will be given to petitions for changes in characterization of service related to PTSD or TBI before dis-charge review boards. In addition to codifying the Hagel memo at the discharge review boards, the Peters amendment clarifies that PTSD or TBI claims that are related to military sexual trauma are also in-cluded. Our bipartisan amendment is sup-ported by a number of veteran service organizations, including Iraq and Af-ghanistan Veterans of America, Dis-abled Veterans of America, Military Officers Association of America, the American Legion, Paralyzed Veterans of America, and Vietnam Veterans of America. We also have bipartisan support in the House of Representatives, and I ap-preciate the work being done by Rep-resentatives M
IKECOFFMAN of Colorado and T
IMWALZof Minnesota, who have introduced a companion stand-alone bill in the House and are supportive of this amendment. Servicemembers who were subject to a bad paper discharge and are coping with wounds inflicted during their service should not lose access to bene-fits they have rightfully earned. That is why we must ensure that they get the fair process they deserve when peti-tioning for a change in characteriza-tion of their discharge. Peters amend-ment No. 4138 will do just that. This is not a Democratic issue or a Republican issue; this is about doing what is right and about taking care of our own. I appreciate Chairman M
CCAIN’s and Ranking Member R
EED’s leadership on the National Defense Authorization Act, and I look forward to continuing to work with them on this critical issue. I hope to see a vote on the Peters amendment No. 4138 as we continue the work on the NDAA, and I urge my col-leagues to join us in fighting on behalf of our Nation’s servicemembers. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SOCIAL SECURITY AND MEDICARE BOARDS OF TRUSTEES Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about pending nominees for the Social Security and Medicare Boards of Trustees. As most of us know, under the law these two Boards consist of the Secre-taries of Treasury, Labor, HHS, Com-missioner of Social Security, and two public trustees, one from each party. One purpose of the Boards is to pro-vide yearly reports on the operation of the trust funds and their current and projected status. Since 1983, when the two public trustee positions were es-tablished in the statute, the trustee re-ports for both trust funds have largely been devoid of partisanship or political influence. That, to me, has been a good thing. It means that the process gener-ating the reports is free of political in-fluence. It also means that the public can have confidence that the state-ments and assessments made in the re-ports—including those dealing with current and future financial conditions of the trust funds—are objective and not made to serve a particular agenda. The inclusion of public trustees on the Boards is an important part of the structure that provides this type of certainty. Yet, by the time President Obama is out of office, the two Boards will have issued more reports with va-cant public trustee positions than have been issued under any President since these two positions were created. In a recent hearing, the Senate Fi-nance Committee, which I chair, heard testimony from President Obama’s nominees for the currently vacant pub-lic trustee positions, Dr. Charles Blahous and Dr. Robert Reischauer, both of whom have been renominated after serving one full term on the Boards. Some members of the Finance Com-mittee, as well as a few others in this Chamber, have questioned whether having public trustees serve more than one term is beneficial. Their argument seems to be that the process of pro-ducing the trustees’ reports should have ‘‘fresh eyes’’ every 4 years. How-ever, to me, this argument is not all that persuasive. As the trustees go through the process of producing re-ports, there are many inputs and many participants, including a number of ‘‘fresh eyes.’’ For example, there are numerous technical panels, composed of actuaries, economists, demog-raphers, and others, who review the as-sumptions and methods used in the trustees’ reports. Since 1999, 50 dif-ferent people have served on these technical panels, weighing in on the re-ports and providing both fresh perspec-tives on the trustees’ reports as well as a much needed check from what could otherwise be outsized roles played by various others, including the Chief Ac-tuary of the Social Security Adminis-tration in guiding the contents of the reports. In my view, there is value to having continuity in the public trustee over-sight of the trust funds, particularly since the process that gives rise to trustee reports takes time to learn. For the most part, public trustees are unlikely to have fully learned the ropes until well into their 4-year terms, and their terms very likely expire very shortly after they have a complete un-derstanding of this whole process. Ulti-mately, while there are probably some tradeoffs associated with term limits for public trustees, there is no real evi-dence to demonstrate that a single term is inherently superior or that the benefit of having public trustees with ‘‘fresh eyes,’’ outweighs the cost of in-experience. Whatever the case, Members are enti-tled to their individual preferences re-garding term limits for public trustees, and if the issue is as important as some of my colleagues on the other side claim, a bill to impose those kinds of term limits would seem logical. How-ever, such a bill has not recently been offered, and if the recent Finance Com-mittee hearing on the current nomi-nees is any indication, my friends have a different agenda altogether. If term limits were the real issue with these nominations, the committee could have had a reasoned debate and each Member could have weighed in on the matter and Members would obviously be free to base their vote on the sub-stance and outcome of that recent de-bate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.047 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3260 May 26, 2016 
Sadly, a reasoned debate is not what occurred in our committee. What we got instead was a coordinated attack— pretty much from the ranking member all the way down the Democrats’ side of the dais—focused squarely on the Republican nominee, Dr. Blahous. Throughout the course of the hearing, the Democrats never claimed that Dr. Blahous lacked the appropriate creden-tials to be a suitable trustee. They never provided any evidence that he had acted inappropriately or exercised some kind of nefarious influence in the process of compiling reports. Instead, my colleagues attacked the nominee for expressing policy views they happen to disagree with. He has never worked to change any Social Security or Medi-care policies in his capacity as a public trustee because, given the very specific mission of the boards of trustees, he doesn’t have any real opportunity to influence or enact any policy changes in any official capacity. The Democrats’ current position seems to be that if a nominee has ever said anything they happen to disagree with—even if the statements represent reasoned policy views and are sup-ported by objective analysis—they are unfit to serve as public trustees. Dur-ing the course of our hearing, not only did the Democrats publicly subject its nominee to this preposterous standard, they did so with comments and argu-ments that were misleading, incon-sistent, and in some cases blatantly false. In the end, their onslaught amounted to little more than partisan character attacks. The Republican nominee was referred to as ‘‘hyperpartisan,’’ even though you would be hard-pressed to find any credible and reasonable Social Security and Medicare analyst from either party who would agree with that label. He was accused of being the ‘‘architect of privatization’’ of Social Security be-cause he happened to work in the Bush administration. He has been attacked for his involvement in President Bush’s Commission to Strengthen Social Se-curity as though that were something nefarious, even though Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, a figure long re-vered by Democrats everywhere and me, was also a cochair of that Commis-sion. There have been other attacks made—in the hearing and elsewhere— and all of them add up to one single and obvious conclusion, which is that anyone who expresses a view about the future of Social Security that is not a recommendation for more taxes and higher benefits will be subject to par-tisan attacks and deemed unfit to serve in any capacity relating to Social Se-curity. This is, of course, the demand of leftwing interest groups that have virtually declared ownership of all things Social Security and who are un-willing to do anything about solving the problems of Social Security. All they want to do is throw more money at it when there is no more money to throw. For this crowd, even arguments in favor of slowing the benefits for upper earners seem to be off limits, even when they are made by the Democratic nominee for public trustee. In other words, even proposals that would make Social Security more progressive— something a reasonable person would assume Democrats would not fight—is seemingly unacceptable because slower benefit growth, even for the very rich, is considered a ‘‘cut’’ to the leftwing activists who try to take ownership of this debate. I am talking, of course, about organizations like Social Secu-rity Works, the Strengthen Social Se-curity Coalition, various unions, and ‘‘democratic socialist’’ groups that have made intransigence and unreasonableness on Social Security a hallmark of their efforts over all of these years. For these people, the only allowable discussion on Social Security is one limited to talk of higher benefits and higher taxes on the American peo-ple. Anyone who disagrees will not only be refuted or opposed, they will be publicly maligned and their character will be called into question. Indeed, for many of these groups— and sadly for some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle—these ef-forts are not about winning public pol-icy debate, they are about silencing and trying to censor anyone who dares express a contrary opinion. In even-numbered years, Republicans have more or less gotten used to hear-ing that we want to see Social Security ‘‘slashed’’ and ‘‘privatized’’ or ‘‘turned over to Wall Street.’’ Leftwing activ-ists—and, yes, even a number of our colleagues—base a huge portion of their fundraising efforts on scaring So-cial Security and Medicare bene-ficiaries with those kinds of over-the- top attacks. For once, when it comes to Social Security, I wish we could look at all the facts. For example, ev-eryone knows we made some changes to Social Security last year in order to prevent imminent and legally required cuts to disability benefits. We did so based on the projections of the Social Security trustees—these very people who are being treated in this improper way. Did we ‘‘slash’’ benefits? Did we pri-vatize anything? Did we turn anything over to Wall Street? Of course not. What we did was make reasonable and needed changes to the program, but that didn’t stop many on the other side from sounding the privatization alarm and raising money by scaring bene-ficiaries, even if they were as aware as we were that the cuts to disability ben-efits were, absent changes, an absolute certainty. We got precious little help from the Democrats in our efforts to avoid benefit cuts because, as is too often the case around here, com-plaining about a problem and blaming the other side for it makes for better politics than finding a solution. That same strategy and those same attacks have now permeated the effort to con-firm two of President Obama’s nomi-nees. By the way, I am arguing for President Obama’s nominees. As I said, the Republican nominee for public trustee has been accused of being many things. More than any-thing, some of my colleagues have tried to link him to some kind of effort to try to privatize all of Social Secu-rity and hand everything over to Wall Street—never mind the fact that he has already served in the very same po-sition for 4 years and Social Security is no closer to being in the hands of Wall Street than it was before, never mind the fact that he was already confirmed to the very same position once before without any opposition on the Senate floor, never mind anything that has happened in the past. Here and now, ac-cording to my colleagues, he is con-troversial. Here and now, letting him serve as a public trustee would be like having a fox guarding the henhouse or some such nonsense. By the way, that phrase, ‘‘fox guarding the henhouse,’’ is an actual quote from one of our col-leagues describing Dr. Blahous. Appar-ently, he became a ‘‘fox’’ sometime in the last 6 years because in 2010 no one in the Senate objected to his confirma-tion, but here in 2016, there are appar-ently some Democrats who feel they need to use this nomination and their partisan rants against it to raise money for their campaigns and perhaps in a case or two boost their prospects for higher office. Of course, none of this is entirely surprising because years ago, probably in some Democratic war room, my friends on the other side dis-covered that terms like ‘‘privatiza-tion’’ and ‘‘Wall Street’’ and ‘‘cuts’’ poll well with their political base, even though no such thing is taking place. As an aside, this favorable polling data explains why we heard their par-ty’s Presidential frontrunner back in February make this claim: 
After Bush got reelected in 2004, the first thing he said was, let’s go privatize Social Security. . . . And you know what, their whole plan was to give the Social Security trust fund to Wall Street. 
My gosh. There are at least three or four poll-tested buzzwords in that quote. If nothing else, Secretary Clin-ton deserves at least some praise for focus group efficiency with that state-ment no matter how false the state-ment is or was at the time. Of course, in dissecting that claim, the Wash-ington Post assigned it three Pinocchios, concluding that it was false, as only they could conclude. In fact, the Washington Post reminded us that the Clinton administration was the first to consider investing Social Security trust fund resources into something other than low-yielding gov-ernment bonds. So, in a sense, the real ‘‘architect of privatization’’ was Presi-dent Bill Clinton, not President George W. Bush, and certainly not the current Republican nominee for public trustee. Furthermore, if simply considering al-ternative investment strategies for trust fund dollars means ‘‘privatiza-tion,’’ then the growing list of guilty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.048 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3261 May 26, 2016 
privatizers has recently included a Democrat in the House, the AARP, a Nobel prize-winning economist, and many others, and not all of them are Republicans. Let me return to the debate on the public trustee nomination because, quite frankly, the Democrats made so many misleading claims with regard to Social Security that I could not begin to address them all in a single floor speech. A recent article in POLITICO out-lined the plan devised by top Senate Democrats to engage in ‘‘an election- year battle’’ over Social Security and the general public trustees in par-ticular. In relation to Dr. Blahous, the article says: ‘‘Democrats point to sev-eral instances in the trustees’ reports released after Blahous joined the board that they say suggest the Social Secu-rity trust fund is less solvent than it really is.’’ That almost sounds like a legitimate policy argument, provided you don’t think about it for longer than 30 sec-onds. There are, quite simply, count-less reasons why that argument is en-tirely baseless. First of all, no one in the Obama administration has corrobo-rated a single one of these claims in any way, shape, or form. On top of that, this claim seems to suggest that one public trustee, a Republican, has had such a persuasive and misleading influence that he has been able—for more than 4 years—to hoodwink five Democratic trustees, including Dr. Reischaure, the other current nominee, along with Treasury Secretary Lew, Labor Secretary Perez, HHS Secretary Burwell, and Acting Social Security Commissioner Colvin, all of whom also signed on to those trustees reports. Does anyone believe that for a second? I am going to give my friends some advice: If a political attack relies on an assumption that the sitting Secretaries of Treasury, Labor, HHS, and the Act-ing Commissioner of Social Security, along with their staffs, are so impotent in the face of the cunning sophistry of a single public trustee from the oppos-ing party, it is best to leave that par-ticular conspiracy theory on the shelf because it doesn’t even pass the laugh test. That is, of course, unless you as-sume at the outset that members of President Obama’s Cabinet, along with their staffs, are incompetent or just plain dumb. Aside from being based on foolish as-sumptions, the claim that recent trust-ee reports have been biased is verifiably false, given that the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office has reached similar conclusions about the solvency of Social Security. In fact, CBO’s projections are even bleaker. Perhaps my Democratic colleagues believe that Dr. Blahous’s dastardly in-fluence has extended to CBO as well, although, to be fair, I haven’t heard any of them claim that such is the case. Mr. President, all of this political bluster over the public trustee nomina-tions—every single word of it—is a po-litical sideshow. The public trustees do not have the power or ability to slash or privatize Social Security or to turn a single penny of any public funds over to Wall Street. They serve a limited but important role in monitoring and reporting on the system. That is all. Any reasonable observer will tell you that both of President Obama’s nomi-nees for public trustee have solid rep-utations as being fair, objective, bal-anced, and most importantly, highly competent. I don’t personally agree with all the policy positions that the Democratic nominee, Dr. Reischauer, has put for-ward over the years, but he has always conveyed his ideas in a temperate and respectful manner without partisan-ship or ad hominem attacks. Quite frankly, I also may not even agree with all the positions that the Republican nominee, Dr. Blahous, has put forward, but he has similarly conducted himself in a respectful and nonpartisan man-ner. The fact is, whether certain Demo-cratic Senators like it or not, the law requires that one of the public trustees be from the Republican Party. If some-one wants to put forward legislation to change that or to impose term limits on trustees or even start a public de-bate on these issues, they are free to do so. Similarly, if a Senator disagrees with a prospective trustee’s positions on policy or with something they have written outside of their public trustee functions, that Senator is also free to vote against that nominee on that basis. However, in my opinion, it is shame-ful for Members of Congress to engage in unreasonable and false character at-tacks in order to reinforce the Presi-dential candidate’s talking points or to raise money for leftwing activists or to help themselves on their political races. Under any circumstances, it is wrong to impugn someone’s character and professionalism by false associa-tion. While this may be par for the course during an election year, there is more than politics at stake here. If Demo-crats truly have an interest in the in-tegrity of Social Security and Medi-care, and their trust funds, then politi-cizing public trustee nominations is an extraordinarily odd strategy. If we turn these nominations into just an-other political battleground, the trust-ee reports will eventually be viewed as political documents, having no unique seriousness or credibility. In the end, that will mean less transparency, ob-jectivity, and integrity for Social Se-curity and Medicare. This would be terrifically unfortu-nate. To conclude, I would just say that, despite some insinuations to the con-trary, my plan all along has been to hold votes on the Finance Committee on the President’s nominees for the public trustee positions as soon as pos-sible. I look forward to filling the ex-isting vacancies. The trustee reports for Social Secu-rity and Medicare have historically been void of politics, to the credit of the current and past administrations as well as the public trustees from both sides of the aisle. This has been the case until now, when politics has en-tered in. My sincere hope is that we can keep it that way. I am getting a little tired of the So-cial Security arguments that Demo-crats wage every election, such as Re-publicans are going to destroy Social Security. My gosh, we believe in it as much as they do—in fact, I think, a lit-tle bit more. We believe we should strengthen that fund. We should keep it alive. We should make sure it is going to be there for your children, my children, grandchildren and, in my case, even great-grandchildren and be-yond. But it is not going to be there if we have these kinds of idiotic policy disagreements based surely on politics and how one party might benefit in a political campaign or how any indi-vidual might benefit. It is time for us to get rid of all the partisanship and work together to resolve some of these problems. The next time I hear another Democrat say that Republicans are against Social Security, I am going to take that creature on. I call them a creature because they certainly do not deserve to be in the U.S. Senate. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I rise to highlight a number of important provi-sions in the fiscal year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act. This is the measure in its entirety. It comes with this report. It is about 1,664 pages for the actual bill and another 642 pages for the report. It is no wonder, as it deals with national security issues as well as the Department of Defense and many other agencies. It is clearly the product of many hours and months of work by the members of the com-mittee, as well as the staff. We consider it on the floor of the Senate and have a special responsi-bility to look at it very carefully. This bill, of course, will take some time to be digested and analyzed. We have been in that process this week. Many of us count on our professional staff whom we have work for the defense appro-priations committee. They also look at this measure to see how it squares up with the actual spending bill. I don’t serve on the defense authorization committee; I am on the spending part of it, the defense appropriations sub-committee. We approved our measure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.049 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3262 May 26, 2016 
today and reported it from the full Ap-propriations Committee. It will be coming to the floor in a few weeks. What is the most pressing concern when it comes to our national defense? Most Americans would rightly say it is terrorism. Terrorism is a real threat to America and to our families. We have to do everything in our power to pre-vent terrorism from reaching our shores and to dismantle it and destroy it overseas. It is a large undertaking. The United States leads the world in dealing with global terrorism. This bill we are considering has elements in it that address that challenge. I take the threat seriously, and as vice chairman of the Defense Appropriations Sub-committee, I have worked with the senior Senator from Mississippi, Re-publican Senator T
HADCOCHRAN , to try to make sure our troops have the funds they need to wage the fight overseas. To defeat ISIS, we should defeat them on the ground in Iraq and Syria and dismantle their international ter-ror network. We also must continue to prevent the spread of terrorism here at home through stronger homeland de-fenses and work with our allies to strengthen their intelligence-gath-ering. To win, we have to mobilize the full force of the U.S. Government against ISIS and ensure that every na-tional security agency has what it needs to keep us safe—at not just the Department of Defense but at all of the intelligence agencies: the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, the State De-partment, and the Treasury Depart-ment. It is not DOD’s fight alone. This Defense authorization bill con-tributes to that strategy to stop the spread of terrorism. It authorizes funds for the fight against Al Qaeda, the Taliban, and ISIS, and also includes $1.7 billion to build the capacity of our allies in Iraq, Syria, and the broader region. Finally, like this year’s Defense ap-propriations bill, this bill also consoli-dates a lot of duplicative programs in order to make the fight more effective. It streamlines the authorization for funding for DOD efforts to train and equip our top partners. It will mean better oversight. It will mean more fighting time against ISIS and Al Qaeda instead of more time fighting among the bureaucracy in the Pen-tagon. There are several other good provi-sions in the committee bill which rep-resent a bipartisan consensus between the chairman and the ranking member. I commend the chairman and the rank-ing member for refraining from budget gimmickry, as we have seen in the other body across the Rotunda. Our House colleagues recommend au-thorizing and appropriating only half of what our men and women in uniform need to keep us safe—half an appro-priation—through April of 2017. Testi-fying in front of my Defense Appropria-tions Subcommittee, Secretary of De-fense Ash Carter called this House ‘‘gambling with warfighting money at a time of war, proposing to cut off troops’ funding in places like Afghani-stan, Iraq, and Syria in the middle of the year.’’ I am glad we have refrained from those tactics in the Senate. The bill also authorizes a well-de-served pay increase for our uniformed and defense civilian workforce. It re-jects a request by the Department of Defense to authorize a future Base Re-alignment and Closure, or BRAC, Com-mission. Many of us have lived through a lot of these BRAC Commissions. I am not optimistic that if we embark on another one, it will have positive re-sults. Like many of my colleagues, I strongly oppose Russian President Vladimir Putin’s reckless invasion of Ukraine, so I also appreciate this bill’s authorization for additional military assistance for Ukraine. There are several issues which are not addressed in this bill which I hope we can address on a bipartisan basis. Unlike previous years, the bill contains no extension for the Afghan special im-migrant visa program so that we may continue to keep faith with those for-eign translators who risk their lives to help American troops. Senator S
HA-
HEEN and others have championed this effort, and I hope we can deal with it appropriately. There are several provisions in this bill that are controversial. I would like to address a few. The closure of Guantanamo Bay in Cuba is an issue that I think is timely and extremely important. This bill once again blocks the transfer of de-tainees from Guantanamo Bay to the United States. Some of my colleagues are threatening amendments to tighten these restrictions further. The reality is, every day Guanta-namo stays open, it weakens our alli-ances, inspires our enemies, and calls into question our commitment to human rights. Time and again, our most senior national security and mili-tary leaders have called for the closure of Guantanamo. The troops—the service men and women who are responsible for main-taining Guantanamo—have an almost impossible assignment. I have been down to Southern Command in Florida. I have talked to them. They are doing their level best to make sure Guanta-namo Bay meets standards. I don’t hold against them the reputation Guantanamo has in many places in the world, but the fact is, we should look at Guantanamo in honest terms. In addition to our national security costs, every day that Guantanamo re-mains open, we are wasting taxpayer dollars. Many colleagues come to the floor and make speech after speech against wasteful Federal spending. So let me give a classic example at Guan-tanamo Bay. According to this author-ization bill, we are now spending $5.5 million a year for each of the prisoners at Guantanamo Bay. What if those prisoners were put in the most secure Federal prisons in America, supermax facilities where no one has ever escaped? How much would it cost us? Would it cost $51⁄2million like Guantanamo? No. It would cost $86,000 a year. Why, then, would we waste millions of dollars on Guanta-namo when we know these detainees can be held safely, securely, and with-out any fear of escape for a fraction of the cost? Because this has become a po-litical symbol, a symbol which the other party is willing to fight for even if it means wasting almost $500 million every single year to keep Guantanamo open. All of us are committed to pre-venting terrorist attacks. Terrorists deserve swift and sure justice and se-vere prison sentences. But holding de-tainees at Guantanamo Bay does not administer justice effectively. It does not serve our national security inter-ests. It is inconsistent with our coun-try’s history as a champion of human rights. There are convicted terrorists being held safely in Federal prisons in more than 20 States, including my own. At the Marion Federal penitentiary in Southern Illinois, we are holding con-victed terrorists. How many people from Southern Illinois have come to me and objected to the fact that terror-ists are incarcerated at the Federal prison in Marion? Exactly none. Not a one. They trust the men and women in the Bureau of Prisons to hold these prisoners safely, even if they are con-victed of terrorism. Why, then, do we continue the charade of maintaining Guantanamo for some bragging rights in some places in this world? I don’t understand it. If you want to save $500 million for the taxpayers of America, here is a place to start. There are also some troubling provi-sions on guns, including on the re-importation of military firearms for sale. Now, listen to this one. One sec-tion of the bill would circumvent State Department restrictions on re-importing surplus military weaponry back into the United States for sale to the public—military weapons for sale to the public in the United States. This is an item that has long been on the gun lobby’s list—a wish list that hopes that hundreds of thousands of M–1 military-grade rifles that the United States supplied to South Korea decades ago will come back into the United States, be put in the hands of gun com-panies, and be sold back in our coun-try. How many people think that bringing in these items—hundreds of thousands of military-grade weapons— and selling them will make us a safer nation? I don’t. Section 1056 of the bill would have the U.S. Army basically serve—listen to this—as a free shipping service to bring these weapons back into the United States, thus bypassing State Department restrictions on the re-importation of these guns by private companies. The bill would then direct the Army to make these guns available to the companies so they could sell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.051 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3263 May 26, 2016 
them to the public at large—military- grade weapons. There is also a provision giving mili-tary-grade firearms to museums. An-other section of this bill would author-ize the Secretary of the Army to trans-fer up to 4,000—4,000 military-grade firearms to public or private military museums, but there is nothing in the bill requiring that the guns be rendered inoperable. There is nothing to pro-hibit these museums from reselling them to the public as well. We should be very careful in import-ing and selling military-grade firearms in the United States of America. I will defend Second Amendment rights. I will defend the right of indi-viduals to own, use, and store guns safely for sporting purposes and for self-defense. But the notion that we need to bring hundreds and thousands of military weapons back into the United States and put them in circula-tion—do you really believe that will make us a safer nation? I don’t. The bill also includes a provision af-fecting Department of Defense-oper-ated schools and school districts that regularly receive impact aid. We need to ensure that our kids are safe as they step onto the bus, walk through school hallways, and enter the classroom each day. When we entrust teachers, admin-istrators, bus drivers, librarians, and others to watch over and care for stu-dents, we should have confidence that they are individuals who will actually protect our kids. Indeed, the vast ma-jority of school employees are hard- working, caring individuals dedicated to ensuring that students learn in a safe, nurturing environment. However, we unfortunately have read too many recent headlines about predators who, instead of teaching and protecting kids, ultimately harm and abuse them. I agree with my colleagues that we need to put in place a comprehensive background check system that will close loopholes and establish zero-tol-erance policies for sexual misconduct by school employees. That said, I have serious concerns with section 578 in this bill. This provision fails to provide adequate due process and civil rights protections for innocent individuals. I am also concerned that this provision is overly broad and could potentially allow schools to dismiss highly quali-fied individuals who pose no risk to any children. We need to strike the ap-propriate balance to make sure there is a just process before we make the final determination. Another troubling provision is Sec-tion 829H, which states that the Execu-tive order on fair pay and safe work places would not apply to all defense contractors; rather, just to those who have previously been debarred or sus-pended as a result of labor law viola-tions. The Executive order simply re-quires transparency about a contrac-tor’s ability to follow long-established labor law. The American people de-serve to know why DOD decides to task billions of dollars’ worth of work to these people. We should ensure that the President’s Executive order is imple-mented fairly and consistently across the Federal Government. The bill also contains three related troubling provisions relating to the issue of how to best protect Americans’ national security as it relates to the launching of national security pay-loads into space. I will have more to say about that as this debate pro-gresses, but I would note at the outset that the provision in the bill which I am pointing to has been addressed at the highest levels by our Department of Defense. The Secretary of Defense, Ash Car-ter; the Director of National Intel-ligence, James Clapper; and the Sec-retary of the Air Force, Deborah James, all disagree with the chairman of this authorization committee on this issue—every one of them. They all agree that this Senator’s proposal would cost taxpayers across America billions of dollars more than the cur-rent strategy. In times of tight budgets, when America, its taxpayers, and certainly the men and women in uniform need every dollar we can save them, you can’t explain or defend the position taken by the committee. The disagreement is over how to best get the United States off the depend-ence of Russian-made rocket engines for the launching of national security payloads into space. The proposal com-ing out of the committee from the chairman last year and again this year continues to suggest a rash and abrupt halt to the purchase of these Russian- made engines. Let me make it clear. I want to move away from these Russian engines quickly. I want American en-gines, built by Americans, to propel those payloads into space. But it takes time. For 2 years we have been appro-priating money to achieve this goal. It will take at least 2 or 3 years more for us to reach that goal and have an American-made engine. This chairman of this committee ig-nores that reality and says we will just stop when it comes to these Russian engines and take the consequences. Well, the consequences, sadly, are going to be an extraordinary expense for American taxpayers. As chairman and now vice-chairman of the Defense Appropriations Sub-committee, I am committing to an American-made engine. We have appro-priated even more funds for this effort than this authorizing committee has authorized over the last several years. The Air Force is using these funds to liberate us from Russian-made rockets as quickly as possible. But Secretary Carter, Director Clapper, and Secretary James have all testified publically that the proposal from the senior Senator of Arizona is dangerous to national secu-rity and costly. Secretary Carter, testifying in front of the Defense Appropriations Sub-committee on May 6, 2015, said: 
We want to get off of that dependency on Russia, but it takes some time to do so. And in the meantime, we don’t want to have a gap. . . . We can’t afford to have a gap be-cause we need to be able to launch national security satellites. Earlier this year, Air Force Sec-retary James testified in front of the senior Senator’s own committee—from which we are now considering the bill— making the same case, noting that the chairman’s proposal ‘‘would add any-where from $1.5 billion to $5 billion in additional costs.’’ That is a lot of money. I have heard the chairman of this committee come to this floor over and over and over again, suggesting wasteful spending. According to the Secretary of the Air Force, his proposal will end up costing us $1.5 billion more than we should have to pay for this important part of our national defense. That is a waste of taxpayers’ dollars. I hope my colleagues will pay atten-tion to this issue, and I hope we have time to debate it in detail. There is simply too much at stake for our na-tional security, for our troops, and for the taxpayers to accept the senior Sen-ator’s proposal on this matter. This is a lengthy bill, as I mentioned at the outset. I am sure there are going to be additional measures that we un-cover as we go through it page by page, and we will take the time to actually do so. In the meantime, I thank the chair-man and ranking member of this com-mittee for their work to present this body with their committee’s product. I look forward to a meaningful debate on the many issues this authorization bill presents. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, tomor-row President Obama will make a his-toric visit to Hiroshima, the site of the first atomic bombing. He will become the first sitting President of the United States to do so, and I commend him for this long overdue Presidential recogni-tion. Having traveled to Hiroshima in 1985 to witness the commemoration of the 40th anniversary of that atomic bomb-ing, I know from personal experience that any visit there serves as a power-ful reminder of America’s responsi-bility to reduce the risk of nuclear war. That risk remains as real today as it was nearly 71 years ago when we dropped that bomb that killed 140,000 people in 1 day. In the last few decades, important progress has been made to reduce the threat of nuclear war. The United States and Russia have reduced the size of their nuclear arsenals. The be-ginning of an additional change is going to happen in 2018 when both the United States and Russia will have no more than 1,550 deployed strategic war-heads after implementation of the New START treaty. But that progress has come at a cost. In exchange for the support of Senate Republicans for passage of the New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.052 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3264 May 26, 2016 
START treaty in 2010, President Obama promised to fund major up-grades to America’s nuclear arsenal. Since then, the extent of these up-grades and their costs have swelled. Today it is estimated that President Obama’s nuclear ‘‘modernization’’ plan will end up costing U.S. taxpayers nearly $1 trillion over the next 30 years. However this modernization plan is little more than a plan to expand America’s capabilities, its nuclear ca-pabilities. It would create new nuclear weapons, including a dangerous nuclear air launch cruise missile that will cost tens of billions of dollars over the next two decades. Nuclear cruise missiles are a par-ticular concern because they are dif-ficult to distinguish from nonnuclear cruise missiles. As a consequence, if the United States used a conventional cruise missile in a conflict with Russia or China, it could lead to devastating miscalculation on the other side and, as a result, to accidental nuclear war. Worse still, the Defense Department has justified this new nuclear cruise missile by asserting that it is needed for purposes beyond deterrence. The Pentagon explains that the new nu-clear cruise missile could be used to re-spond ‘‘proportionately to a limited nuclear attack,’’ meaning that this nu-clear weapon becomes more usable in a standoff with Russia, China, or some other country. When President Obama visited Prague in 2009, he pledged to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in our national security. If the President truly wants to make good on this promise, I think it is important for him to stop these nuclear expansion efforts. He should cancel the funding for the new nuclear cruise missile, which would make the prospect of fighting a nuclear war more imaginable. In the meantime, Congress can and must act. Rather than plunging blindly ahead by spending money on this dan-gerous new weapon, we can call for a timeout while we evaluate its costs and its risks. That is why I have submitted an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act that would delay any spending on the nuclear cruise missile for 1 year so that we can have the full debate on this weapon; so that we can ensure that we understand the consequences of building this new weapon; so that we can understand how the Russians and the Chinese might re-spond to it; so that each Member of the Senate can understand that it, in fact, has nuclear war-fighting capabilities. It is not just a defensive weapon; it has the ability to be used in a nuclear war-fighting scenario. How do I know this? It is because this Pentagon, this Department of Defense, says that it is usable and says that it could be used in a limited nuclear war. Do we really want to be authorizing in this Senate that kind of new weapon that makes fighting a nuclear war more imag-inable? I think Americans deserve an oppor-tunity to consider whether tens of bil-lions of dollars of their tax dollars should be spent on a redundant, desta-bilizing, new nuclear missile. They ex-pect that we will ask the tough ques-tions about the need for $1 trillion in new nuclear weapons spending, but they especially want us to ask ques-tions about new weapons that the Pen-tagon is saying make it possible to contemplate a limited nuclear war. That is a debate which this body needs to have. That is a weapons system we should be discussing. This new cruise missile with nuclear warheads is the tip of the new $1 tril-lion nuclear modernization program. We should debate that first. We can ex-amine the rest of the modernization program, the new nuclear programs, but we should at least have that debate and that vote out here. We should give ourselves at least 1 year before we allow it to commence so that we can study it. Then next year we can have the vote on whether or not we want to commence. As yet, I don’t think we have had the debate or have a full un-derstanding of what the implications of this weapon are. Plans to build more nuclear weapons would not only be expensive, but they could trigger a 21st century arms race with Russia and China, which are un-likely—very unlikely—to stand idly by as we expand our nuclear arsenal. The result would be a tragic return to the days of the Cold War, when both sides built up ever greater stockpiles of nu-clear weapons. As we get closer and closer to the contemplation that both sides could actually consider fighting a nuclear war, our goal should be to push us further and further and further away from the concept that it is pos-sible to fight a nuclear, limited war on this planet. The National Defense Authorization Act also contains another misguided provision that would lay the ground-work for a spiraling nuclear weapons buildup. Currently, our policy, the U.S. policy, states that we will pursue a ‘‘limited’’ missile defense—limited. This approach is meant to protect our territory against missile attacks by countries such as Iran and North Korea without threatening Russia or China’s nuclear deterrent. As recognized by generations of re-sponsible policymakers, constructing missile defenses aimed at Russia or China would be self-defeating and de-stabilizing. Dramatically expanding our missile defenses could cause Russia and China to fear that the United States seeks to protect itself from re-taliation from Russia or China so that we can carry out a preventive nuclear attack on China or on Russia. That plays into the most militaristic people inside of those countries, who will then say that they too need to make addi-tional investments and that cycle of of-fense and defense continues to escalate until you reach a point where we are back to where we all started—with those generals, with those arms con-tractors then dictating what our for-eign policy is, what our defense policy is. They were wrong in the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, and they are wrong today. That is just the wrong way to go. We have to ensure that we are backing away, not increasing the like-lihood that these weapons can be used. We don’t want to be empowering those in our own country—either at the Pen-tagon or the arms contractors—be-cause they will have the same people in the Kremlin and their arms contrac-tors who will be rubbing their hands and saying: Great. Let’s build all of these new weapons, both offensive and defensive. They would love this. That is why we have to have the debate on the Senate floor. This generation of Americans de-serves to know what its government is planning in terms of nuclear war-fight-ing strategy. That is what a limited war is all about. That is what this new cruise missile with a nuclear bomb on it that is more accurate, more power-ful, more likely to be used in a nuclear war is all about. That is why the Pen-tagon wants it; that is why the arms contractors want to make it. But it is just a return to the earlier era where every one of these new nuclear weapons systems that had blueprints and were on the table over at the Pentagon are over and the defense contractor has the green light to build it. What happened every single time is the Soviet Union said: We are building the exact same counterpart system. Was that making the world more or less safe? Was that bringing us closer or further away from a nuclear war? Which was the correct direction for our country to be headed? Well, thank God, we began to talk at Reykjavik—President Reagan and President Gorbachev. Thank God, we now have a New START Treaty. But as part of the New START Treaty, there was a Faustian deal, and that Faustian deal was that we are going to build a new generation of usable, war-fighting nuclear weapons in our own country. And that Faustian deal is one that would then be lived with by this next generation of Americans and citizens of this planet. So we need to ensure we can have this debate. The fears that I think are going to be engendered into the minds of those in China and Russia would re-sult in a new dangerous nuclear com-petition that would have our new de-fenses be responded to by their building new additional nuclear weapons and by putting them on high alert. You would have to be on high alert, if you were in Russia or China, if you thought we had a defensive system that could knock them down, and if our planning in-cluded attacking them. We don’t want either country to be on high alert for a nuclear war. We don’t want that. That is where we were in the 1980s. That is where we were in the 1970s—both sides with their finger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.054 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3265 May 26, 2016 
on the button. It is unnecessary, it is dangerous, it is a repetition of history, and it is something we should be debat-ing out here. It just can’t be something that is casually added without a full appreciation in our country for what the consequences are going to be long term. So we have an incredible oppor-tunity. It is timely. The President is visiting Hiroshima. It should weigh on the consciences of every one of us that we have a responsibility to make sure we are reducing and not increasing the likelihood of nuclear war occurring. I have filed an amendment to strike the provision from the NDAA. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. I think that second amendment is also one that deserves a full debate on the Senate Floor. If we want other coun-tries to reduce their nuclear arsenals and restrain their nuclear war plans, the United States must take the lead instead of wasting billions of dollars on dangerous new nuclear weapons that do nothing to keep our Nation safe. President Obama should scale back his nuclear weapons buildup. Instead of provoking Russia and China with ex-panding missile defenses that will ulti-mately fail, we should work toward a new arms control agreement. As President Obama said in Prague in 2009, let us honor our past by reach-ing for a better future. The lesson of the past and the lesson of Hiroshima is clear. Nuclear weapons must never be used again on this planet. President Obama did an excellent job in reaching a nuclear arms control agreement with Iran. That was impor-tant, because if Iran was right now on its way to the development of a nuclear weapon, there is no question that Saudi Arabia and other countries in that region would also be pursuing a nuclear weapon. We would then have a world where people were not listening to each other, where people would be threatening each other with annihila-tion, with total destruction. Here is where we are. We are either going to live together or we are going to die together. We are either going to know each other or we are going to ex-terminate each other. The final choice that we all have and the least we should be able to say—if that point in the future is reached and those missiles are starting to be launched that have nuclear warheads on board—is that we tried, that we really tried to avoid that day. That is our challenge here on the Senate floor—to have this debate, to give ourselves the next year to have this question raised as to whether we want to engage in a Cold War-like esca-lation of new offensive and new defen-sive nuclear weapons to be constructed in our country, which for sure then would trigger the same response in Russia and China. By the way, for sure it is saying to Pakistan, India, Iran, Saudi Arabia, and to any other country that harbors its own secret military desire to have these weapons that they should not listen to the United States because we are preaching nuclear tem-perance from a bar stool. We are not, in fact, abiding by what we say that the rest of the world should do. So we should be debating that right now. We should have this challenge presented to us and to have the words be spoken as to what the goals are for these weapons. If the Defense Depart-ment says to us this year that this leads to a capacity to use nuclear weapons in a limited nuclear war—and they were saying that to us in the last 6 months—do we really want to have these weapons then constructed in our country? Is that really what we want to have as our legacy? 
f 
FRANK R. LAUTENBERG CHEMICAL SAFETY FOR THE 21ST CENTURY BILL Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I also wish to spend a couple of minutes talk-ing about another issue that is a relic of the Cold War era, and that is TSCA, the legislation that deals with toxic chemicals within our country. There was a law passed 40 years ago to deal with toxic chemicals in our country, but ultimately that law never worked. When we look back, it is like a political, environmental Edsel, still sitting in the garage 40 years later but not useful in protecting American fam-ilies from the chemicals in our soci-ety—asbestos and hundreds and thou-sands of others. It is just not usable. Congress stands ready right now, thank God, to reform the last of the ‘‘core four’’ environmental statutes that have yet to be modernized. I hope we will do so with a stronger bipartisan vote than on any major environmental statute in recent American history, and that we do so soon. This historic vote to comprehen-sively reform the Toxic Substances Control Act comes after years of hard work by many Senators on both sides of the aisle. We worked for some months to reconcile the two bills, and all of us were driven by the same rea-son. Since it was written four decades ago, TSCA has sat there untouched. It is a statute that simply does not work to protect anyone. Ever since indus-tries successfully challenged EPA’s proposed asbestos ban, EPA has not been able to effectively use the author-ity Congress intended it to have. In conference, we truly did take the best of both bills. We made sure EPA will have industry fees to do its chem-ical safety work. We made sure there will be enforceable deadlines for EPA to write chemical safety rules and for industry to comply with them. We fixed the legal problems in the law that caused the asbestos ban to be over-turned and that paralyzed EPA and prevented them from regulating some extremely toxic chemicals. We ensured that when EPA studies a chemical, it considers only the environmental or health effects of that chemical, and that it only considers the potential cost of regulation when it is writing a rule to regulate it. We made sure that EPA would act more quickly to regu-late the most dangerous chemicals, and that vulnerable subpopulations, such as children, pregnant women, and workers would be protected. We made sure the industry could not continue to improperly keep information about dangerous chemicals secret any longer. In some of the last negotiations that I helped to lead, we made sure that States could continue with the work they are already doing to protect their residents. I am particularly proud that I was able to protect Massachusetts’s pending flame-retardant law in these last few key changes to the bill that were agreed to in the last few days. The fact that we have a bill that has the Humane Society and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce both urging a ‘‘yes’’ vote tells you something. The fact that the bill is supported by the EPA, the chemical industry, many en-vironmental stakeholders, and the trial lawyers tells you something about this bill. This is like a political Halley’s Comet. When you have J
IMINHOFE and D
AVID VITTER agreeing with E DMAR-
KEY on a piece of legislation, you should take note of that moment in the history of passing legislation. That is where we are. We have something that is historic. The environmental bill of a generation is about to pass. The fact that 403 Members of the House of Representatives voted yes— 403 voted in support of this bill—tells you something. It tells you we rolled up our sleeves and we worked together on a bipartisan, bicameral basis to compromise in the way that Americans expect us to. I thank all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and both sides of the Capitol, and I look forward to watching the President sign this important legis-lation to protect the health and well- being of all Americans. This is a bill that does protect us from the dangers that Americans are exposed to—wheth-er they are Democrats or Republicans, liberals or conservatives. This is the way the Chamber should operate. This is the way we should also consider nuclear warfighting policy. We should have the same kind of atten-tion, the same kind of respect for the consequences for generations to come in our country. We should give it the same kind of respectful, bipartisan, bi-cameral attention that the public can understand. I thank the Chair for this oppor-tunity. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.055 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3266 May 26, 2016 
HONORING NEBRASKA’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN COM-BAT Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise to continue my tribute to Nebraska’s heroes and the current generation of men and women who lost their lives de-fending our freedom in Iraq and Af-ghanistan. Each of these Nebraskans has a special story to tell. 
CORPORAL ADRIAN ROBLES  
Today I will share the story of the life of Marine Cpl Adrian Robles of Scottsbluff, NB. Adrian was known throughout Scottsbluff for his big smile. His older sister Beatriz remem-bers it this way: ‘‘As soon as he smiled, even if you were mad at him, you would stop and have to smile.’’ Behind that big smile, though, was a tough young man. More than anything, Adrian wanted to be a marine. This longing to serve his country was a point of pride and tradition in Adrian’s family. His grandfather, Pedro Torres, served as a fighter pilot in World War II. Pedro’s stories of service and adven-ture inspired Adrian’s quest to become a marine, and their bond was a source of joy throughout the family. As Adrian’s father Cesar recalls, ‘‘He loved his grandpa so much. He was a hero to him.’’ When he was 16, Adrian approached his parents and told them he wanted to be a marine. He didn’t want to wait. He even prepared a waiver for them to sign, which would have allowed Adrian to join the Corps when he turned 17. While they admired the passion in their young son, Adrian’s parents stood firm. They wanted Adrian to focus on completing his high school education. Deterred but not discouraged, Adrian decided to join the high school soccer team. Soccer became an outlet for him, not only as an athlete but as a way to train and get in shape for the Marines. Adrian graduated from Scottsbluff High School in May of 2005. As ex-pected, he immediately enlisted in the Marine Corps. In the year that followed, Adrian completed basic training and served a full tour in Iraq by the end of 2007. His determination impressed his fellow ma-rines. GySgt Trent Kuhlhoof served with Adrian during a tour in Iraq. Adri-an was the kind of person who natu-rally bonded with everyone. As Ser-geant Kuhlhoof remembers, ‘‘It was hard for me to get mad at him—for anything.’’ Adrian had discovered his calling. He worked toward excellence, and he loved being a marine. A marksman is the centerpiece of every Marine combat team, and Adrian was a good one. By the age of 21, he had earned three Good Conduct Medals, a rare feat in the mili-tary. In the spring of 2008, Cpl Adrian Robles deployed to Afghanistan as part of the 2nd Battalion, 1st Marine Divi-sion. Their mission was to train local Afghan military forces, but by the fall this changed to a security mission as tensions rose in the dangerous terri-tory of Helmand Province. A few months later, on October 22, 2008, Adrian was on patrol when sud-denly his vehicle was hit by an impro-vised explosive device. Corporal Robles was killed instantly. His unit was scheduled to leave Afghanistan 2 months later. On November 2, 2008, hundreds of friends and neighbors from Scottsbluff lined the streets from the church to the cemetery. An honor guard and horse and carriage team transported the casket to its final resting place. In a career of 3 short years, Corporal Robles earned three Good Conduct Medals, two Sea Service Deployment Ribbons, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal, the Iraq Campaign Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, and the Purple Heart. Adrian’s mother Yolanda recalls that his life’s passion was to serve his coun-try. She notes that he hated war and knew the dangers, but he loved being a marine. A brave, disciplined, and joyful young man, Adrian lived a short life, but his imprint is felt by the countless people who knew and loved him. Per-haps his devotion is summed up best by the tattoo on his left arm, which read: ‘‘Your Freedom. My Life. Without Complaint.’’ Adrian embodied the strength and de-termination that Nebraskans are known for all over the world. He lived passionately, and he earned his dream of being a U.S. marine. Cpl Adrian Robles is a hero and I am honored to tell his story. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The Senator from Alaska. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOHN AND ERMA SCHNABEL Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, we are about to begin the Memorial Day state work period and many of us will be traveling in our home states next week. I am blessed because I am going home to Alaska. Tomorrow I will be in Haines. This is a magnificent community in truly a magnificent State. But when I arrive in Haines, something will be missing, and that is the absence of two of Haines’ most prominent citizens—John and Erma Schnabel. John Schnabel passed in March at the age of 96 years old, and Erma, his wife of 65 years, passed shortly there-after at the age of 87. John was re-garded by his family and the people of Haines as a living legend. If you don’t believe that is true, or if you say all of us have living legends in our commu-nity, no less of an authority than Peo-ple Magazine referred to John as a ‘‘liv-ing legend’’ in an article which noted his passing. He was not just a local leg-end. He was known the world over as ‘‘Grandpa.’’ He was the patriarch of the Discovery Channel series ‘‘Gold Rush: Alaska.’’ But to us Alaskans, he was simply one of the many exceptional people who populate our exceptional State. John was born in Kansas in 1920. He was the son of a wheat farmer. His father first moved to Alaska to seek a better life away from the Depression. He served in the military during World War II. He was a proud member of the American Legion. He married Erma in 1950 and they raised five kids. Returning to Haines, John entered the timber business. He owned a lum-ber mill in town. He was one of the re-gion’s first industrialists. He was in-volved in everything. He operated a hotel, a lumberyard, a hardware store. He built four downtown commercial buildings. He was one of Haines’ largest landowners. But changing political at-titudes toward timber harvest in Southeast Alaska and the regulations that followed put John out of the tim-ber business. Those powerful forces, however, did not put John down. He placer mined for fun and invested in small businesses. He was the mayor of Haines. He was an outstanding bridge player. He was an avid reader. I under-stand that David McCullough’s biog-raphy of Harry Truman was one of his favorites, even though he was a loyal Republican. It was only after John was recuperating from heart surgery that he entered the mining business in a big way. Think about it, most people reha-bilitate from a heart surgery by doing more walking or going to the gym. John Schnabel decided he was going to work a mine. He worked the mine to remain active. He said it was doctor’s orders. He did this until 2 years ago. Effectively, until the time he was 94, he was working the mine. The Discovery Channel folks wan-dered by and found John Schnabel an interesting man. By 2010, Grandpa was a global celebrity—a reluctant celeb-rity but a celebrity nonetheless; the star of a reality TV show that ran for six seasons before he passed away. John and Erma were friends of mine. I respected John’s business acumen and his political leadership, but I really re-spected the relationship he had with Erma. The last time I visited with John and Erma was 2 years ago in Au-gust. I was there at the Haines Assisted Living Center. I came in and visited with John. John was talking politics with me and with anybody else who was listening, chatting around the room. Then, he left to go sit in the cor-ner of the dining area, sat next to Erma. He didn’t say anything for prob-ably half an hour, 45 minutes. He just sat quietly with her, holding her hand. That really moved me when I saw them. Sixty plus years of marriage and still holding hands. John had always been the builder. Erma was known as the carer. She took care of the family. She took care of the community. Leg-end has it that there wasn’t a person in Haines who had not dined at her table at one time or another. They are both gone from Haines, but they are certainly together in Heaven. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.085 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3267 May 26, 2016 
Alaska is clearly better for their con-tributions, and I know I will certainly be thinking of them when I visit Haines tomorrow. 
f 
VETERANS HEALTH CARE Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, there are 2 days every year when this Nation focuses special attention on those who served—Memorial Day and Veterans Day. I plan to approach this Memorial Day by expressing gratitude to those who have served and honoring the memory of those who sacrificed their lives for our freedom. When you serve in the military, sup-porting your buddy is everything. So as we honor the memory of those lost in action, we know they would want us also to care for their buddies who came home. Advances in military medicine since the Vietnam war have made it possible for many to survive the wounds of war that they would not have otherwise been able to do in ear-lier conflicts. But these veterans still do not return as they left, and many more return to the scourge of post- traumatic stress disorders. I will see a lot of veterans this Me-morial Day weekend. I would like to be able to tell the veterans of Alaska that their Federal Government is doing right by them, but when it comes to the matter of health care, and particu-larly the failings we see with the Choice Program, I can’t in good con-science tell them things are better in Alaska. It has been a while since I have been to the floor to speak in relatively bleak terms about the care our veterans re-ceive in Alaska because for some while things had been improving. They had been improving for much of the last 8 years, but now it seems as if this pen-dulum is swinging the other way. When I came to the Senate 13 years ago, Alaska veterans who lived some-place other than the metropolitan area of Anchorage or Fairbanks or the Kenai Peninsula really didn’t think about the VA health care. Those who lived in those three communities were able to gain their care at the local VA clinic, and it worked for them. But if they didn’t live in a community where the VA was located and if they weren’t eligible for beneficiary travel, the VA just didn’t mean much to them. That was the status quo, and it really didn’t show much sign of changing. Alaskans really began to challenge the status quo during the second gulf war. Operation Iraqi Freedom resulted in a large-scale deployment of Alaska National Guard members from throughout the State. At one point, 89 different Alaska communities were represented in the Middle East, and it was fully apparent that when these he-roes returned home and were released from Active Duty, the VA was not pre-pared to meet their needs. When then-VA Secretary Nicholson visited Anchorage in 2006, he heard the message loud and clear from Alaska’s veterans service organization, and that created a groundswell to turn the Alas-ka VA in a more veteran-centric direc-tion. It wasn’t easy. The familiar slogan that ‘‘it doesn’t matter who wins an election; the bu-reaucracy always wins’’ was a way of life in the Alaska VA health care sys-tem, but we developed a pretty strong ally when Secretary Shinseki came on board. During his tenure as Secretary, we saw three significant changes from the status quo. The first thing that happened was that the VA began contracting with Alaska’s tribal health care providers to care for both our Native and non-Na-tive veterans who lived outside the reach of any VA facilities. If you are a veteran living in Bethel, it didn’t make any difference if you were Native or non-Native—you could receive care through the tribal health care pro-vider, and they were compensated by the VA at the same encounter rate the Indian Health Service paid them. The second thing we saw with Sec-retary Shinseki—I had commissioned an inspector general’s inquiry into al-legations that the VA was sending our Alaska vets to Seattle and other points even farther than Seattle for care that could be purchased from community providers in Alaska. There were situa-tions where a veteran dealing with can-cer and needing radiation or chemo-therapy treatment would be sent to Se-attle for a series of treatments when that same treatment could be provided in Anchorage or Fairbanks. Secretary Shinseki brought an end to that prac-tice. Third, the VA hired a creative execu-tive with deep experience in the Alaska health care market to lead the Alaska VA health care system. Even better, the VA senior leadership actually em-powered her to do the right things for Alaskan veterans. So when that direc-tor began to see waiting lists forming for primary care and behavioral health services in Anchorage, she took the ini-tiative and she enlisted non-VA pro-viders to come in and work with them to solve the problems. We were in a pretty unique situation. We didn’t suf-fer the wait list that veterans in the lower 48 saw because we had somebody who was at the helm, saw the problem, and said: We can be creative; we just need a little bit of flexibility so we can address our veterans’ needs. The model was pretty simple. If a veteran needed to see someone outside the VA, they were placed with that outside provider by VA staff. And those VA staffers who matched the veteran with a local provider actually lived in Alaska. They knew Alaska’s geog-raphy. They knew it wasn’t possible to drive from Bethel to Anchorage. They knew the breadth and limitations on services available within our State. Also, the bills for services were sent to the VA; they were not sent to the veteran. If for some reason a provider wasn’t paid on time, the veterans were insulated. They were protected from collection agency calls. It wasn’t a perfect system and it wasn’t without complaints, but on bal-ance this was the best Alaskan vet-erans were ever treated. Then came the Phoenix scandal. We hoped that what had happened there— the spotlight that was shown on the VA as a result of a horrible scandal— would not affect the good things we were doing in Alaska. Two years later, I can tell you that things have changed profoundly and unfortunately, not for the better. The Choice Act seems to have been the cat-alyst for unraveling the VA reforms in our little corner of the world. Let me explain why. When we were presented with the Choice Act, I looked at it as having an-other tool that the VA could use to help expedite care to veterans who couldn’t get their care in a timely fash-ion. If this is another tool in the tool-box, this is going to be good for our vets. But the VA didn’t view the Choice Act simply as another tool; they viewed the Choice Act as the single right answer to care outside the VA. To this day, the VA seems to almost re-sent the fact that a variety of other purchase care programs coexist with the Choice Act, and they worked to un-dermine them through a hierarchy of care policies that make it impossible for our local VA officials to use com-munity providers with whom they have built these relationships. That whole unraveling was enough to send our creative, innovative Alaska VA director into retirement, and unfor-tunately that position has been vacant ever since. By the way, when veterans asked ‘‘What happened here? We had a good system. It was working. What has hap-pened?’’ the VA talking points said ‘‘Blame the Congress. They gave us the Choice Act, and there is nothing we can do about it.’’ That is an entirely disingenuous response given that all of the purchased care authorities that were on the books before the Choice Act remained on the books after the Choice Act became law. The VA had the flexibility before the Choice Act to craft local solutions, and they had the same flexibility to do so after the Choice Act. The decision not to support local flexibility was a deliberate choice, and it was a choice of the bu-reaucracy, not a choice that was man-dated by the Congress. How has the Choice Act been working out in the State of Alaska? I spend a lot of time back home. I spend a lot of time visiting with our veterans, and I am listening hard. Every now and again, I do hear a veteran say: Yeah, I think things are OK. I think I am get-ting the care I want. But more often than not, what I am hearing from our vets is that instead of calling it the Choice Act, it is called the ‘‘bad Choice Act’’ or ‘‘no choice at all.’’ For a while, it seemed that the Na-tive partnerships would be subsumed in Choice, and we pushed back on that and we won. But for the veterans who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.086 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3268 May 26, 2016 
needed specialty care, the Choice Act has been a tough road to hoe, and I have a couple of examples. There was an elderly Tlingit Indian gentleman from southeast Alaska. He was sent to Seattle for a form of cancer therapy that was not available in Alas-ka. In the middle of his episode of care, he was told: You will have to return to Alaska. It was only after days on the phone with the VA and the Choice con-tractor—each whom was pointing the finger at the other—and then my office that the problem was resolved. Mean-while, this veteran was telling his fam-ily to prepare for a funeral. It was that dire. Then there was the veteran who was scheduled for neurosurgery. This vet-eran was told that her referral from the Anchorage VA was rescinded and she would need to go to the Choice Pro-gram for another one. She called the Choice contractor’s hotline and was re-ferred not to neurosurgeons but to be-havioral health providers. Evidently, the individual on the other end of the line didn’t know what neurosurgery was. When the particular problem was resolved, the neurosurgeon was no longer available and the veteran was stuck on painkillers until her surgery could be rescheduled. That is not a good outcome. Another example is when a veteran living in Juneau, our capital city, was under the ongoing care of an ophthal-mologist, but that doctor didn’t take Choice. The veteran called the 800 num-ber for Choice to get another referral. He was told that he could drive to Sitka and see someone there. If you lived in Alaska, you would be laughing because you would know there is no road from Juneau to Sitka. They are both islands. Another reason you might raise an eyebrow is because not only can you not drive there, but the Choice participant was an optometrist. Think about how this veteran feels after calling the 800 number and then being told to just drive down to the next town. You can’t drive there, and oh, by the way, that specialist doesn’t exist there. The VA and the Choice contractor claim to have fixed these problems, but for every problem that is fixed, there is still a veteran with a new one, a vet-eran who has lost faith with the Choice Program or a provider who no longer wants the hassle of taking Choice. One provider told me that the amount of time his staff has to spend on the phone with the Choice Program is disruptive to his practice. He said it is unfair to the other patients who aren’t getting the attention they need from the office staff. I don’t want to stand here and com-plain without offering solutions. There is a solution to Choice’s problems in the State of Alaska, and that solution is to go back to the way we had it, with the local VA partnering local providers with local patients. The Senate Appropriations Com-mittee has urged the VA to reinstate this model in Alaska through language that is included in the fiscal year 2017 report, but I am really not sure where it is going, given the current VA lead-ership. The rapport, unfortunately, is just not there. Toward the end of Secretary Shinseki’s tenure, members of the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee in the other body berated the VA for its poor con-gressional relations. I will say that when I needed to talk to the Assistant Secretary for Congres-sional and Legislative Affairs or, for that matter, Secretary Shinseki, they were right there. And even if the re-sults didn’t come as quickly as I would have liked them to, that team was clearly delivering for our folks in Alas-ka, but I cannot say the same for the current team. Through the fiscal year 2016 VA ap-propriations bill, I demanded a report on how the VA would serve Alaskan vets under the consolidated Choice Program that told the VA to formulate last summer, and we still haven’t seen that report. During the recent appropriations hearings, I raised concerns about how personnel vacancies and management issues in the Alaska VA were affecting performance, and Dr. Shulkin took issue with that characterization. He of-fered to show me some metrics. We are still waiting. Last week he sent a young doctor from Philadelphia, whom he has charged with running purchased care, up to Alaska. The report back is that he was tone-deaf to criticisms of Choice lodged by our veterans and pro-viders, and he suggested that the rate being paid to the Native health system to do work that the VA should be doing themselves was unjustifiably high. This is very troubling. So we learn that VA is hiring a bunch of new executives to help this indi-vidual manage a nationwide commu-nity care program out of the VA cen-tral office. I remain very concerned. Long before the Phoenix scandal, the VA was purchasing community care using a decentralized model. Now it seems to be moving abruptly to a cen-tralized model. I don’t know how well centralized models work in other parts of the West or rural communities in other regions, but I can state that they just do not work in a place such as Alaska. One-size-fits-all is not the model that best serves our veterans, but this seems to be the direction we are moving toward. To make matters worse, we are not even debating what we want commu-nity care in the VA to look like. We have 100 Members who have a stake in the outcome, but only a few seem to be involved in that discussion. The votes always seem to be pretty much straight up or down, with no oppor-tunity for amendments. We have done that now twice—in the first instance with the Choice Act itself and then again last year when we had to bail the VA out because its health care pro-grams would have gone insolvent dur-ing the August break if we hadn’t done so. We need to address this. We can’t keep writing a blank check to the VA. We have to have reform, and that re-form needs to work. Last week the Senator from Arizona proposed a 3-year extension of the Choice Program, but the amendment included some changes in the way the VA pays providers in the purchased care arena. There was some problem-atic language, so I wasn’t able to sup-port his amendment at that time. Since then, he has worked with us, which I greatly appreciate, and the leaders of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee worked with us to resolve those problems. So I can now support the 3-year extension in the Choice Pro-gram that he proposes which I expect will include the language changes we discussed. But even if we approve that 3 year extension that’s not the end of our in-terest in the Choice program or VA purchased care. I think it is important to take the time; let’s get this right. I think we need to come to terms with what we want care outside of the VA to look like. I think there are still some huge problems in the implementation of the Choice Program that we need to address, and, unfortunately, these problems are profound in the smaller and harder to get places like Alaska. I think it is high time that we give the VA clear direction about the value we place on access to veterans’ health care in those smaller and hard to get places. In many cases we know the dy-namics of the local health care mar-kets better than the folks in a central VA office. Fixing purchased care begins with directing the VA to collaborate with Members of this body to get it right—not allowing the VA to play members off one another so that, once again, the bureaucracy wins. We can’t sit quietly by while the VA blames us for failings that they need to own—fail-ures that might have been avoided through collaboration with those who know their localities best. I appreciate the opportunity to spend a few minutes on the floor this evening talking about how we make things right for who have served us. Memorial Day is but once a year. Veterans Day is but once a year. But every day—every day we need to be honoring and thank-ing those who serve us, and when we say thank you for their service, let’s show them that we mean it. Holding the VA’s feet to the fire on results is one way to do that. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:28 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.087 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3269 May 26, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEES 
OSCAR PERU  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, as the Presiding Officer knows, he is stuck with this Senator on the floor on many late afternoons. It seems that when ev-erybody is packing up and heading for home, the Presiding Officer has to lis-ten to this Senator, hopefully waxing eloquently, talking about some of the very good people who work for the De-partment of Homeland Security. When looking at people who do im-portant work for our country, there are a lot of valuable agencies, a lot of very valuable and hardworking people. But some of the best and brightest folks work for the Department of Homeland Security, trying to protect us and our families and our businesses and our country. I have come regularly to the floor now for a couple of years to highlight some of the great work being done by the men and woman who serve us at the Department of Homeland Security. As you may recall, the Department of Homeland Security was sort of cobbled together roughly a dozen years ago. We took 20 different component agencies with over 220,000 employees stationed all over the world and said: We are going to make you the Department of Homeland Security. It has not been easy, but I think it is a work in progress. But when you con-sider that the Department of Defense was created right after World War II and they still struggle at times to function as effectively as we would like, we should not be surprised that the Department of Homeland Security has gone through some growing pains, if you will, in learning how to work to-gether. We are proud of the work they do and grateful for the work they do. But they have some of the toughest jobs of the folks who work in Federal workforce. From stopping drugs from crossing into our borders to protecting our cyber networks from hackers to secur-ing nuclear and radiological materials, the Department of Homeland Security has a diverse, complex, and a difficult mission—really, a combination of mis-sions. Each and every day, tens of thou-sands of Department of Homeland Se-curity employees quietly and dili-gently work behind the scenes. They work to achieve the mission, the core of which is keeping over 300 million Americans safe as we go about our daily lives. It is easy to forget that despite all it achieves each day keeping Americans safe around the world, the Department of Homeland Security is still a teen-ager. I said earlier that it came to-gether in 2002, almost 14 years ago, fol-lowing the attacks on 9/11, when it be-came clear that we needed a central-ized agency to pool and share informa-tion—about what?—about the threats to our country and to coordinate the efforts to keep these threats at bay. In 14 years, the Department of Home-land Security has done an exceptional job, integrating nearly 20 agencies from across from the government, with different histories, different cultures, and different capabilities and exper-tise. Senior leaders in the Depart-ment—chief among them now are Sec-retary Jeh Johnson and Deputy Sec-retary Ali Mayorkas—work each day and every day to make the Department of Homeland Security more than the sum of its part. They stand on the shoulders of those who came before them as Secretaries and Deputy Secre-taries of this Department. I am proud that just yesterday the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, on which I serve as the senior Democrat, approved bipar-tisan legislation to support the Depart-ment’s efforts by authorizing its Unity of Effort Initiative. That initiative successfully brought agencies within the Department together to pool re-sources, to deepen coordination, and more effectively to tackle their joint missions together. I like to say that if you want to go good fast, go alone. If you want to go far, travel together. What we see happening at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security is the cre-ation of a cohesive unit of what were very many different disparate agencies. One component agency within the Department of Homeland Security that not only serves a critical mission today but has a long and storied history is called U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion. In 1789—1789—before some of our pages were born, the U.S. Customs Service was established, and a fleet of vessels set out patrolling our shores to prevent the shipment of illegal goods— 1789. Then in 1924, nearly 92 years ago to the day, the U.S. Border Patrol was es-tablished. Later in 2003, the Customs Service and the Border Patrol merged to create the modern Customs and Bor-der Protection agency that operates within the Department of Homeland Security today. Today, Customs and Border Protection performs a number of duties on the frontlines of the battle against threats such as terrorism, drugs, and human trafficking. They work to secure thousands of miles of border and coastline around the coun-try. They work to facilitate travel, to in-spect ships and cargo at our ports of entry. They work to stop illegal drugs and other contraband and violent criminals from entering into our coun-try. Today alone, its 60,000 employees are hard at work welcoming nearly 1 million visitors to our country—just in 1 day—screening more than 67,000 cargo containers for hazards and customs violations, and stopping more than 12,000 pounds of illicit drugs from en-tering our country. I am not talking about what they do in a year, or a month, or even a week. That is what they do in a day. Think about that—in one day. The key re-source that our Customs officials on the frontlines count on is the support of CBP’s Air and Marine Operations. Air and Marine Operations uses a fleet of 256 aircraft and 286 marine vessels to detect, to track, and to apprehend criminals in places that agents can’t reach on foot or in cars. From fast interceptor boats to Huey helicopters to P–3 aircraft, like the one I flew in during most of my 23 years in the Navy, Air and Marine Operations provides critical support to CBP agents. They often do important and dangerous work. Air and Marine agents are also key in helping to find and res-cue people on our borders who may be in danger, saving countless people who are found lost or injured in some of the most remote parts of the country. One CBP Air and Marine Operations agent who goes above and beyond to help secure our borders and keep people safe looks a lot like this fellow. His name is Oscar Peru, like the country. He is pictured here to my left. Oscar Peru is a CBP aviation enforcement agent based out of Tucson, AZ. He was raised in Tucson. Oscar joined the Arizona Army Na-tional Guard after college. He served his State and his country as a guards-man for 10 years, including by fighting in Operation Iraqi Freedom. After working for the State of Arizona on their Joint Counter Narcotics Task Force, he joined the Border Patrol as a senior patrol agent in 2003. After 5 years as a Border Patrol agent, Oscar joined the Border Patrol Search, Trauma, and Rescue Unit. As a trained emergency medical technician, Oscar was able to provide lifesaving care to countless men, women, and children who were lost or injured in some of the harshest environments along the southwestern border of our country. At all hours of the night, Oscar has conducted searches to find and save those in need. Oscar also performed the difficult and—I am sure—heart-breaking task of retrieving the bodies of those who have perished so they can be returned to their families and given a proper burial. Since 2008, Oscar Peru has served as an aviation enforcement agent, coordi-nating efforts across Federal agencies. Working with State and local law en-forcement, Oscar conducts operations to identify and stop criminal activity along the border, from drug smuggling to human trafficking to rescue oper-ations. Oscar’s work has saved countless lives, arrested countless criminals, and kept countless pounds of drugs from ever reaching our communities. Oscar, I would say that is one impres-sive day’s work. We are grateful to you for doing it. Those who know Oscar routinely de-scribe him as a man who shows incred-ible compassion for everyone that he encounters, both in his personal life and in his work. Through his years of dedicated serv-ice, Oscar has earned the trust of his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.089 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3270 May 26, 2016 
peers, who rely on him as a leader dur-ing risky operations and dangerous missions. As a certified master and in-structor in helicopter ropes and sus-pension techniques, Oscar uses his ex-perience to train others in skills nec-essary to operate safely in a dangerous environment, often leaning out of the door of a helicopter hundreds of feet up in the air. It is no wonder his col-leagues describe Oscar as courageous and as an inspiration to those around him. So, Oscar, my friend, we say thank you. Thank you for your remarkable and continued service to our country and to your community in Tucson. A special thanks for all of the lives you have saved and will continue to save through your heroic work. To Oscar’s wife and four children, we say thank you for sharing with us a good man, your husband and your dad, for letting him do the important work that he does every day to keep Ameri-cans safe along the southern border and really around our country. To the 1,200 men and women of the Air and Marine Operations and the 60,000 employees at Customs and Bor-der Protection, thank you for your continued service to our country and for your dedication to the safety and security of so many others. As I said earlier, more than 200,000 employees at the Department of Homeland Security have some of the toughest jobs of any of our public servants, working outside the spotlight to tackle difficult chal-lenges and to protect our community and our families. To each of you, I just want to say again, as I say here every month: Thank you. Keep up the good work. May God bless each and every one of you. 
f 
COMMENDING JOHN KOSKINEN Mr. CARPER. Mr. President I want to take another few minutes—I think I have the time. I don’t see anybody waiting to speak. I want to take a minute and say something about a fel-low named John Koskinen. John Koskinen is the Commissioner of the IRS. In 2013, at a time of great tumult at the IRS, President Obama turned to John Koskinen to lead the IRS because of his reputation in the public and pri-vate sectors as a go-to manager of troubled enterprises. He was 74 at the time. He agreed to take this on. He did not need to do this. He needed to do this job like he needed another head, but he said that he would do it. He agreed to do it because the President asked him to serve our coun-try, and they needed a strong leader at the IRS. Prior to his service at the IRS, he held the position of Non-Executive Chairman at Freddie Mac from Sep-tember 2008 to December 2011. During that time he served as the interim CEO at Freddie Mac—that was a tumul-tuous time, a very difficult time for our country—and as the principal fi-nancial officer after the death of Freddie Mac’s acting CFO in April of 2009. He retired from the Freddie Mac board in 2012. I want to mention an-other thing or two about John Koskinen’s service prior to coming on board in the last decade to help us in the public sector. Prior to serving on the Freddie Mac board, Koskinen served as the president of the U.S. Soc-cer Foundation from 2004 to 2008. He also previously served as deputy mayor of the District of Columbia, the Deputy Director for Management at the Office of Management and Budget, and the Chairman of the President’s Council on Year 2000 Conversion. Prior to entering government serv-ice, John Koskinen worked for 21 years for the Palmieri Company, as vice president, president, CEO and chair-man, working in the realm of turn-arounds—a person helping to turn around large failed enterprises. Earlier in his career, he served as the adminis-trative assistant to then Senator Abra-ham Ribicoff, legislative assistant to Mayor John Lindsay, and Assistant to the Deputy Executive Director of the National Advisory Commission on Civil Disorders. He practiced law with the firm of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher and clerked for Judge David Bazelon, chief judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia. He got his bachelor’s degree from Duke University and his law degree from Yale. I mean, what a resume. At the age of 74, as somebody who helped turn around a lot of failed en-terprises, our President reached out to him and probably said: I know you are 74, an age where a lot of people are more interested in slowing down and taking life easy. He took on one of the toughest challenges of all. He is one of the finest people I know in public service. There are some folks in the Congress who have been assert-ing that he is unfit for service. I just want to say: They could not be more mistaken. This a good and decent man. I was raised to treat other people the way I want to be treated, to figure out the right thing to do, and to treat oth-ers the way I want to be treated. Given the sacrifices that he has made with his life at this stage of his life, rather than taking brickbats, he should be taking bouquets. So I would say to you, John Koskinen, if you are out there listening: I know you have other things to do rather than listen to wrapups here in the Senate before we begin the Memorial Day break, but I want to say thank you for a lifetime of service, and thank you especially for your service as our leader in the IRS. God bless you and your family. Thanks to them for sharing with us a very good human being. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a letter dated May 23, 2016, from John Koskinen, Commissioner of the IRS, whom I was just discussing, to the Hon-orable BOBGOODLATTE , chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary in the U.S. House of Representatives. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY , I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE , Washington, DC, May 23, 2016. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter of May 18 inviting me to testify at the Judiciary Committee hearing on May 24 re-garding the Committee’s inquiry into allega-tions made against me in my role as IRS Commissioner. I thank you for extending me that courtesy, and for affording me the op-portunity to provide the Committee with in-formation in response to the issues raised by some Members of the House. I have the deep-est respect for you and for this Committee, and recognize your Committee’s responsi-bility to carefully evaluate these allega-tions. When the Committee announced this hear-ing, I was returning from a week in China where I met with the tax administrators of 43 nations to discuss international tax avoid-ance issues. As a result, since I returned, my schedule has been more crowded than usual, including preparations for a previously scheduled hearing before the House Ways and Means Committee on Wednesday, May 25. Therefore, the short notice provided has left me without sufficient time to prepare to ap-pear in person on Tuesday for what could be a wide-ranging and complex discussion re-garding claims that may only become clear after the hearing’s first panel. Thus, while I must regrettably decline your invitation, I remain willing to appear before the Com-mittee in the future. In the meantime, if you think it is appro-priate and helpful to include in the record at this time, I enclose an initial statement summarizing why the allegations against me lack merit. I think this information may also be useful to witnesses at the second hearing you have announced for June with outside experts. Should the Committee choose to undertake further steps, I hope that it will do so in a manner consistent with the House’s long-standing concern for, and provision of, the due process that must attend such a serious course of action. I would be pleased to talk with you further at your convenience. Sincerely, J
OHNA. K OSKINEN . 
WRITTEN STATEMENT OF JOHN A. K OSKINEN , C
OMMISSIONER , INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE  B
EFORE THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE — 
FORITSHEARING : EXAMINING THE ALLEGA -
TIONS OF MISCONDUCT AGAINST IRS C OMMIS -
SIONER JOHNKOSKINEN , PARTI MAY24, 2016 
INTRODUCTION  Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Conyers and Members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to provide a summary statement for the record in con-nection with your review of the allegations by some Members of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. I hope this summary statement is helpful as you con-sider whether to initiate a more formal in-quiry. I stand ready to cooperate with your Committee with regard to any actions it deems appropriate. I have great respect for our institutions of government, including the United States Congress and each of its Members. When I began my service as Commissioner of the In-ternal Revenue Service, I took over an agen-cy under investigation by six different bodies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.090 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3271 May 26, 2016 
and buffeted by ongoing, serious con-troversy. I regret that, in the period since then, we have not been able to bring these matters to a conclusion satisfactory to all Members of this distinguished Body, includ-ing those who are testifying today before you. I believe the allegations you will hear de-scribed today, and the related House Resolu-tion are without merit, for reasons summa-rized below. But I also acknowledge the strong feelings that are held by some Mem-bers regarding this matter, as well as their understandable frustration with the docu-ment production and retention challenges of our agency during the past several years. I also understand their deep concern regarding the actions that gave rise to these controver-sies —conduct that ended long before I ar-rived at the IRS. I am committed to con-tinuing to make improvements and working with all committees and Members of Con-gress during my tenure as Commissioner, and I sincerely hope that, over time, trust and goodwill on all sides will be restored. 
BACKGROUND  Let me begin by noting that I never sought the position of IRS Commissioner, which I have held since December 2013. After con-cluding my work as Non-Executive Chairman of Freddie Mac, having been asked to under-take that role in the wake of the financial crisis by President George W. Bush’s Admin-istration, I was happily retired. I served on the boards of two large, publicly-traded com-panies and tried to keep up with my grand-children. But I agreed to serve when ap-proached by the current Administration in May 2013, because I have a longstanding com-mitment to public service, and because I un-derstand the importance of the IRS to the government and the nation. The IRS collects more than 90 percent of the revenue that funds the operations of the Federal govern-ment, and the agency’s activities touch vir-tually every American. When I came to the IRS, I knew no one who worked at the agency, and to this day I have never met or spoken to former IRS Di-rector of Exempt Organizations Lois Lerner. By the time I was confirmed as Commis-sioner in December 2013, six investigations were already well underway in response to the May 2013 report by the Treasury Inspec-tor General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) regarding the use of improper criteria to process applications for tax-exempt status under section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Rev-enue Code. It should be noted that organizations ap-plying for 501(c)(4) status at that time did not need a determination from the IRS to undertake their activities. Until last Decem-ber, when Congress passed the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes (PATH) Act— which requires 501(c)(4) organizations to ad-vise the IRS when they begin activities—any entity could operate as a 501(c)(4) simply by filing the annual information returns re-quired by the IRS. Nonetheless, those orga-nizations had a right to a determination if they sought it, and the IRS had an obliga-tion to provide that determination promptly and efficiently. Early in my tenure, I apolo-gized to all groups who experienced inordi-nate delays and complications in the review of their applications. My goal from the start has been to respond as quickly and completely as possible to in-quiries from any of the six investigating en-tities, to help them develop recommenda-tions that would in turn assist us in ensuring that the management failures described in TIGTA’s May 2013 report would never happen again. My previous experience in government helped me to understand the importance of complying with such investigations. Earlier in my career, I spent four years as Chief of Staff to former Sen. Abraham Ribicoff, who served as Chairman of a subcommittee of the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee and, ultimately, as Chairman of the Com-mittee. The Committee held hearings on a variety of important issues, and my involve-ment in those hearings impressed upon me the importance of Congressional oversight of the Executive Branch, and the responsibility of agencies to respond as quickly and com-pletely as possible to requests for informa-tion from Congress. In response to the May 2013 TIGTA report, the IRS accepted and implemented all of the Inspector General’s recommendations, with one exception. The only recommendation we have not completed involves clarifying how to measure the social welfare and political activities of section 501(c)(4) organizations. Before I became Commissioner, the Treasury and the IRS drafted proposed regulations on this issue for public comment. The regula-tions proved to be very controversial and provoked over 160,000 comments. I suggested that we start over, taking into consideration the range of comments provided and empha-sizing that our goal was not to change the basic, existing rules but, instead, to clarify them as recommended by the TIGTA report. We were instructed by Congress in December to halt our work in this area, which we have done. TIGTA reviewed our actions in response to the May 2013 report, and issued a follow-up report in March 2015 that noted the IRS had taken ‘‘significant actions’’ to address their recommendations. We also accepted and im-plemented their additional suggestions. In August 2015, another of the six inves-tigating entities, the Senate Finance Com-mittee, concluded its two-and-a-half year in-vestigation with an exhaustive report. As I testified to the Finance Committee in Octo-ber last year, the IRS accepted all the rec-ommendations in the Committee’s report that were within our control—those that did not involve tax policy matters or legislative action. They included 15 of the report’s 18 bi-partisan recommendations. We also accepted and have implemented all of the rec-ommendations within our control in the sep-arate reports prepared by the Majority and Minority of the Committee. In addition to the Senate Finance Com-mittee, the Senate Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations, the Depart-ment of Justice (DOJ), and TIGTA have con-cluded their investigations and their work, with the exception of one historical review being done by TIGTA. None of these entities have indicated any further action or activity is necessary or required. Despite that, some Members have urged the House to impeach me. Impeachment is, of course, an extraordinary tool, used very rarely by the House after a careful and delib-erative process, including, in previous cases, providing substantial due process and other safeguards to the accused individual. These safeguards, which include adequate time to prepare and the right to call and examine witnesses, are not part of this preliminary inquiry. And as described below, I believe impeachment is a wholly improper tool in this instance. 
RESPONSES TO THE ALLEGATIONS IN THE  
PROPOSED ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT  As indicated earlier, I believe there is no substance to any of the four charges put for-ward by some Members of the House Over-sight and Government Reform Committee. My responses to these allegations can be summarized as follows: Proposed Article I The IRS, under my direction, responded to Congressional requests for information with a massive production of documents. Both TIGTA and DOJ have determined that the erasure of disaster recovery tapes was an accident. No one has even suggested, nor could they suggest, that I was somehow personally in-volved in the erasure of the tapes. The IRS has taken steps to prevent a re-peat of the failure to preserve information. Under my direction, the IRS has responded comprehensively and in good faith to the various subpoenas and document requests from the investigating entities. Despite historically low levels of funding, the IRS incurred more than $20 million in ex-penses (and devoted more than 160,000 man- hours) to collect, review, and produce ap-proximately 1.3 million pages of documents. As part of this massive document produc-tion, the IRS recovered and produced over 78,000 emails that were sent or received by former IRS Director of Exempt Organiza-tions Lois Lerner, including over 24,000 emails from the period affected by Ms. Lerner’s hard drive crash. The IRS was able to recover such a large number of emails by looking in the places where it believed the emails were most like-ly to be found: in the email accounts of IRS employees that Ms. Lerner worked with or supervised. The IRS’s strategy was to make up for any technical or recordkeeping short-comings that may have existed by pursuing a broad, even redundant, document collec-tion and review effort. The erasure of 422 disaster recovery tapes at Martinsburg, West Virginia was clearly a failure of the IRS’s document preservation protocols. The IRS accepts responsibility for it, and as detailed in its submissions to Con-gress, has improved employee training and taken other measures to minimize the risk that anything like this could ever happen again. However, both TIGTA and DOJ agreed that the erasure was an accident. As TIGTA stated in its investigative report, its exten-sive interviews ‘‘provided no evidence that the IRS employees involved intended to de-stroy data on the tapes or hard drives in order to keep this information from Con-gress, the DOJ or TIGTA.’’ Proposed Article II I acted in good faith in my efforts to com-ply with all Congressional requests related to the investigations. I testified truthfully and to the best of my knowledge in answering questions con-cerning the search for, and production of, emails related to the investigations. The IRS only became aware of the acci-dental erasure of disaster recovery tapes in 2015, after being notified by TIGTA during its investigation of the Lerner hard drive crash. The allegations that I somehow attempted to deceive Congress are unfounded. On June 20, 2014, I testified to the House Ways and Means Committee that ‘‘since the start of this investigation, every email has been pre-served. . . .’’ That was my honest belief at the time, as I was not yet aware of the Mar-tinsburg erasure. I only became aware of the erasure in 2015, after TIGTA briefed the IRS on the matter. On June 23, 2014, I testified to the House Oversight and Government Reform Com-mittee that ‘‘backup tapes from 2011 no longer existed because they had been recy-cled,’’ and that IRS personnel ‘‘went back and looked and made sure’’ of this. This was my honest belief, based on briefings with IRS Information Technology (IT) personnel. On March 26, 2014, in testimony to the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, I promised to produce ‘‘all of Lois Lerner’s emails.’’ As detailed in the dis-cussion above, the IRS made great efforts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.037 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3272 May 26, 2016 
produce all available Lerner emails, con-ducting a broad search at substantial ex-pense. The breadth of the IRS’s efforts illus-trates the good faith underlying the promise to comply with the Committee’s request. Proposed Article III The IRS went to great lengths to cooperate with and facilitate the various investiga-tions into the determination process for tax- exempt status. The main allegation seems to be that I somehow impeded Congressional investiga-tions by delaying for four months in noti-fying Congress regarding the Lois Lerner hard drive crash. This is inaccurate. It was never my intent to impede the investigations in any way; to the contrary, the IRS went to great lengths to cooperate with and facili-tate the various investigations. It is important to note that the Lerner hard drive crash was by no means purposely hidden from Congress. Emails discussing the hard drive crash were included in the sub-stantial production of emails to the Congress months earlier, in 2013. Documents provided included a series of emails to Ms. Lerner in 2011 from the IRS IT division discussing the computer problems she experienced with her hard drive crash and IT’s efforts to resolve them. It was not until February 2014 that agency attorneys discovered a problem with Ms. Lerner’s emails. The IRS attorneys also did not discover this from the e-mail exchanges that had been earlier provided to the Con-gress. Instead, the discovery was made when IRS attorneys, who were producing emails for the Congressional committees, noticed an apparent chronological ‘‘gap’’ in the Lerner emails that had already been pro-vided to Congress in 2013. After making this discovery, IRS officials worked to assess what happened, determine whether and how data was lost, and study how the data might be recovered from other sources. I first learned the details of the Lerner hard drive crash in April 2014, and directed IRS personnel to continue the work of deter-mining the extent of the data loss so that a complete description of the problem could be provided outside of the IRS. That work iden-tified 24,000 of Ms. Lerner’s emails from the crash period that could be provided to the various investigators. When the IRS com-pleted its assessment of the Lerner email sit-uation in June 2014, we made a full and time-ly report to the Congressional committees, DOJ and TIGTA. Proposed Article IV I oversaw a broad document collection and review to comply with the investigations. The gist of this allegation is that I failed to competently oversee the IRS’s response to Congressional investigations. There has been no suggestion that I denied IRS personnel the needed resources nor in any other way impeded their efforts to respond to the var-ied Congressional inquiries. To the contrary, as detailed above, the IRS conducted a broad document collection and review, producing a comprehensive record of the matters under investigation, notwithstanding substantial technical and resource challenges. I received regular reports on the work to complete this effort by IRS lawyers and other personnel. Much of this work was done during my first months on the job. Our goal was to provide TIGTA, DOJ, and the Congressional commit-tees all of the information that they needed to advance and ultimately complete their in-vestigations. 
CONCLUSION  While the allegations raised by some Mem-bers of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee are serious and relate to acknowledged errors made by the IRS, the Constitution reserves the use of impeach-ment for ‘‘treason, bribery, or high crimes and misdemeanors.’’ None of my actions re-lating to the issues above, viewed in light of all the facts, come close to that level. I would also note that impeachment has been used only on very rare occasions in the 228-year history of our Constitution. Aside from two Presidents, the only impeachment of a member of the Executive Branch oc-curred in 1876. If the Committee were to go forward and pursue impeachment in this in-stance, especially in light of the utter lack of support for the allegations, it would set an unfortunate precedent, diminishing the abil-ity of the Federal government to attract ex-perienced, dedicated people to positions of leadership. Some have suggested that my im-peachment would be an appropriate means of holding the IRS accountable for acts of oth-ers that occurred before I came to the agen-cy. This approach would make it particu-larly hard to attract new leaders when they are needed most—when a critical agency is in crisis following serious mistakes, needing both to reform its practices and respond to investigations. That would be a great loss for the government and for the country. I want to be clear that, despite being faced with these unwarranted allegations, I remain honored to serve as the IRS Commissioner, and to lead a group of employees who are as dedicated, skillful, energetic and enthusi-astic as any group I have had the privilege to work with. Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Conyers and Members of the Committee, this concludes my statement. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE AND UTAH’S MIGHTY FIVE NATIONAL PARKS Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, our na-tional parks play host to abundant ani-mal life, untouched wilderness, and some of the most breathtaking vistas I have ever seen. Anyone who has beheld the pristine perfection of a mountain lake or the verdant green of our valleys in springtime can bear witness to the magnificent grandeur of America’s nat-ural landscapes. Today I wish to recog-nize the National Park Service for its indispensable role in preserving both the richness and beauty of these lands. This year marks the 100th anniversary of the National Park Service. On the agency’s centennial, I would like to thank the thousands of men and women who, over many decades, have served selflessly to safeguard the maj-esty of our national parks. In commemoration of the Service’s 100th anniversary, I will be visiting the Mighty Five National Parks in my home State of Utah next week. The Mighty Five play a critical role in Utah’s economy, driving the tourism industry by attracting millions of visi-tors to our State each year. Today, I would like to pay tribute to the Mighty Five National Parks by recognizing the beauty and unique history of each. Canyonlands National Park—imagine wave after wave of deep canyons, tow-ering mesas, pinnacles, cliffs, and spires stretching across 527 square miles. This is Canyonlands National Park, formed by the currents and trib-utaries of Utah’s Green and Colorado rivers. Canyonlands is home to many different types of travel experiences, from sublime solitude in the more re-mote stretches of the park to moderate hikes through the Needles district. Located just west of Moab and a short distance from Arches National Park, Canyonlands is wild, wonderful, and diverse in its landscapes. Due to the park’s massive size, Canyonlands has four separate districts, including three land districts and the rivers themselves, each with their own char-acteristic landscapes and experiences. The area’s earliest known inhab-itants were Puebloans. After the Puebloans, other groups from the Ute, Navajo, and Paiutes appeared in the area. Ranchers and miners started set-tling the area in the 1880s, and places throughout the park still bear the names of some of these early settlers. In the late 1950s and early 1960s, Bates Wilson, the superintendent of Arches National Park, lobbied for a na-tional park to be created in the Canyonlands area. In 1962, Utah Sen-ator Frank Moss introduced the Canyonlands Park bill, and 2 years later, President Lyndon B. Johnson signed legislation designating Canyonlands a National Park. Arches National Park—located northwest of Moab, Arches is a 73,234- acre wonderland of eroded sandstone fins, towers, ribs, gargoyles, hoodoos, balanced rocks, and, of course, arches. The park protects an amazing land-scape that includes the largest pro-liferation of arches in the world. Over 2,000 arches have been catalogued in Arches National Park. Landscape Arch, measuring 306 fragile feet, is the sec-ond-longest span in the world. The sandstone formations in Arches National Park define not only the land-scape but also its plants and animals. The scarce precipitation—8.5 inches an-nually—extreme temperature ranges, and relatively high elevation all con-spire to limit life among the rocks to only species that can adapt to such a harsh environment. Elevations at Arches range from 3,960 feet along the Colorado River to the 5,653-foot Ele-phant Butte, the park’s high point. A pygmy forest of pinon pine and juniper covers about half the park; scrubby steppe and bare slickrock blanket the rest. The Arches area was first brought to the National Park Service’s attention by an employee of a railroad company named Frank Wadleigh. Wadleigh vis-ited Arches at the request of a pros-pector, who claimed the area had high tourist potential because of its scenic views. With the support of the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.038 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3273 May 26, 2016 
Park Service, the area was designated a national monument in April 1929. The park grew in popularity, and on No-vember 12, 1971, President Richard Nixon signed legislation designating it a national park. Bryce Canyon National Park—the al-pine environment of Bryce National Park is home to dozens of species of mammals and birds. Water and wind over millions of years of freezes and thaws have carved into the plateau endless fields of the park’s distinctive red rock pillars, called hoodoos. By its very nature, Bryce Canyon National Park invites discovery. Every year, Bryce Canyon awes visi-tors with spectacular geological forma-tions and brilliant colors. The towering hoodoos, narrow fins, and natural bridges seem to deny all reason or ex-planation, leaving hikers gazing around with jaws agape in wondrous in-credulity. This surreal landscape is what brings people from around the world to visit the park. The Park’s hoodoos and fins are formed when rainwater seeps into cracks in the rock. The water freezes during Bryce’s cold nights, expanding just enough to break apart the rock. The deep, narrow walls called ‘‘fins’’ result from rain and snowmelt running down the slopes from Bryce’s rim. Eventually the fins form holes, called windows. When the windows grow larg-er, they collapse and create the bizarre hoodoos we see today. The scenic areas of Bryce Canyon were first described to the Nation in 1916 in magazine articles published by Union Pacific and Santa Fe railroad companies. As visitations to the area increased, those concerned about the damage being done to the delicate fea-tures lobbied for its protection. On June 8, 1923, Bryce Canyon was de-clared a national monument, and on February 25, 1928, it was established as a national park. Zion National Park—carved by water and time, Zion National Park is a can-yon that invites you to participate in the very forces that created it. The park’s canyons and mesas boast an es-pecially exquisite beauty, even in a State known for dramatic landscapes. Breathtaking Zion Canyon is the cen-terpiece of this 147,000-acre parkland that protects a spectacular landscape of high plateaus, sheer canyons, and monolithic cliffs. Opportunities to see and explore Zion National Park abound for people of all ages and abilities, from the scenic by-ways that slice through the park to the trails that wind through the backcountry. Wildlife watchers can stop at numerous lookouts and search the sky for Zion’s more than 200 bird species. The paintings of Zion Canyon done by Frederick Dellenbaugh in the early 1900s, along with previous photographs of the area, led President William How-ard Taft to proclaim Zion Canyon a na-tional monument on July 31, 1909. In November 1919, Congress established Zion Canyon as a national park, mak-ing it the oldest national park in Utah. Capitol Reef National Park—even considering Utah’s many impressive national parks and monuments, it is difficult to rival Capitol Reef National Park’s sense of expansiveness; of broad, sweeping vistas; of a tortured, twisted, seemingly endless landscape; of limit-less sky and desert rock. While Bryce and Zion are like encap-sulated little fantasy lands of colored stone and soaring cliffs, the less-visited Capitol Reef is almost like a planet unto itself. In Capitol Reef, you get a real feel for what the earth might have been like millions of years before life appeared, when nothing existed but earth and sky. Capitol Reef National Park is an evocative world of spectacular colored cliffs, hidden arches, massive domes, and deep canyons. It is a place that in-cludes the finest elements of Bryce and Zion Canyons in a less-crowded park. Ephraim Portman Pectol, a member of the Utah State Legislature, and his brother-in-law, Joseph Hickman, start-ed a promotional campaign for the Capitol Reef area in the early 1930s. In 1937, President Franklin D. Roosevelt named the area a national monument. Roads built to the area promoted ac-cess. In December 1971, President Rich-ard Nixon signed an act establishing Capitol Reef as a national park. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PATRICK P. O’CARROLL, JR. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to offer thanks and appreciation to a dedi-cated public servant, Mr. Patrick P. O’Carroll, Jr., who has worked to pro-tect taxpayers and beneficiaries at the Social Security Administration and will soon pursue other activities. Pat O’Carroll has served the Amer-ican people as the third inspector gen-eral for the Social Security Adminis-tration since November 24, 2004. Man-aging over 600 auditors, attorneys, evaluators, and investigators nation-wide, Mr. O’Carroll has overseen efforts to identify and prevent fraud, waste, and abuse of SSA funds and programs. In the past year alone, SSA’s OIG has reported over $700 million in investiga-tive accomplishments through SSA re-coveries, restitution, fines, settle-ments, judgments, and projected sav-ings. Pat’s efforts have led to around $50 of taxpayer savings for every $1 spent on his office. Prior to his tenure as inspector gen-eral, Mr. O’Carroll held several senior positions in the inspector general’s of-fice, including assistant inspector gen-eral for investigations and assistant in-spector general for external affairs. Twenty-six years of prior employment by the U.S. Secret Service helped pre-pare Mr. O’Carroll for the rigors of in-vestigative work at SSA. To show Pat’s dedication to the field, I would point out that he attended the Na-tional Cryptologic School at the Ken-nedy School of Government after com-pleting a master of forensic sciences at the George Washington University. Most assuredly, you don’t want to try to slip anything by Pat. Pat in many ways personifies the SSA inspector general role. He has served in this position—with distinc-tion—longer than anybody else. Pat has been very responsive with Con-gress; he has excelled at providing the information we need to protect SSA programs from fraud, waste, and abuse. It would be hard to find anyone who has worked harder to protect the integ-rity of Social Security’s programs than Pat. I appreciate Pat’s important work with this legislative body. We wish him all the very best as he moves on to pur-sue what lies ahead for him and genu-inely appreciate the work he has done with Congress, for the Social Security Administration, and, of most impor-tance, for the American taxpayer. I wish Pat all the very best. f 
TRIBUTE TO JANE WINKLER DYCHE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to a distinguished Kentuckian who is a leader in her com-munity as well as a good friend. Jane Winkler Dyche is an accomplished at-torney in her hometown of London, KY, as well as the master commis-sioner for the Laurel County Circuit Court and an active volunteer for many local causes. Dyche, the daughter of educators, originally trained as a teacher, earning a degree in home economics education from the University of Kentucky. She worked for 13 years in food and nutri-tion across Kentucky before earning her law degree at UK. She is now in her 21st year of practicing law. Dyche is well known in the region for her service on the board of the Ken-tucky Bar Association, including a stint as president. She served on the board of the Kentucky Lawyers Mutual Insurance Company and is a dedicated volunteer for Kentucky Educational Television. Dyche also works on behalf of the Laurel County Public Library and the God’s Pantry Food Bank. Jane and her husband, Robert, have two children, Robert and John. They currently practice law together in the house that her husband grew up in, ac-companied by their office dog, Stella. I want to commend my good friend Jane Winkler Dyche for her commit-ment to her community and to Ken-tucky. For many years, she has been a devoted supporter of worthy causes and a fixture in the Commonwealth’s legal circles. Still an educator at heart, she continues to share her wisdom with others every day. An area publication, the Times-Trib-une, recently published a profile of Jane Winkler Dyche. I ask unanimous consent that the article be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.082 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3274 May 26, 2016 
[From the Times-Tribune, May 15, 2016] T
RI-COUNTY PROFILES : L ONDON ATTORNEY  C
ONSIDERS HERSELF AN EDUCATOR IN ALL  T
HINGS  (By Christina M. Bentley) ‘‘As a lawyer, I still teach people,’’ said Jane Winkler Dyche, Laurel County attor-ney and master commissioner, a position in which she assists the Laurel Circuit Court in the enforcement of judgments. ‘‘I’m just teaching the jury, or I’m edu-cating the judge in my version of the case,’’ she said. Dyche was raised by educators. Her father, Thomas Winkler, was a teacher and school administrator in the Bell County School System and her mother, Mildred, was a ca-reer nurse who, at the request of the Pine-ville Community Hospital, started the Pine-ville School for Practical Nursing, which was later absorbed into the Kentucky Commu-nity College System. Both the Winklers were WWII veterans—Mildred served as a nurse in the Women’s Army Corps—and met when Thomas Winkler was being repatriated from his service in the Army Air Corps. ‘‘They were incredible people,’’ Dyche said. ‘‘I was very blessed to have parents who saw the importance of education . . . I think being the child of a forward-thinking woman, someone who actually started this hospital nursing program . . . very little I do could begin to be close to touching or hitting mile-stones like she did. I mean she was really very forward-thinking, and there was really the expectation of ‘you need to do the best you can do.’ They encouraged free thought and travel. They dragged us about a lot. That’s something I think—that wanderlust, the opportunity to see things, new things, it’s a huge world. I think sometimes I see that folks’ vision is not as wide as it needs to be. It’s a big world. It’s a BIG world, and if we’re too quick to close our eyes or our ears, we’re going to miss out on so much.’’ Dyche herself has been very open to new opportunities in her life. Like her father, she trained as a teacher, getting a degree in home economics education from the Univer-sity of Kentucky and going on to work for 13 years with the Cooperative Extension Serv-ice as an area extension agent for foods and nutrition, a job in which her primary role was to train others. ‘‘I was an area extension agent, which is really different (from being a county exten-sion agent),’’ Dyche said. ‘‘I eventually actu-ally worked from Harlan to Harrison (coun-ties). I had no supervisory capacity, but I trained. I taught people how to teach. I taught the paraprofessionals how to teach the material to the low-income families, and to do that I made home visits with every sin-gle one of the assistants I taught twice a year, so I went in the homes with them . . . I think that’s where we’re losing things now. I think that there aren’t enough people will-ing to say, ‘Okay, if you want to change, how do we help you do that? Tell us what we need.’ How do we make that happen? You can’t do it by just giving people stuff. We’ve got to help people do with what they have.’’ She met her husband, London native and fellow attorney Robert Dyche, during her work with the Extension Service, and said that that’s how she made her way to London. The couple have two children, Robert, who has an undergraduate degree from Centre College and an MBA from the University of Cincinnati and now works in Atlanta, and John, who is a 2016 graduate of Georgetown College. The elder Robert Dyche is a former district court judge and also served on the Court of Appeals. She said the law was some-thing she, too, had always been interested in, so she took advantage of the opportunity granted her by the Extension Service to take study leave in 1992. ‘‘I grew up in a little town where there were some good lawyers that I admired. It was something I wanted to do. Once Robbie got an 8-year term on the Supreme Court, our family had at least one steady job, and that gave me the freedom to try something new, and he was supportive in that. So I went back to UK and came home on week-ends. It was an adventure,’’ Dyche said. She is now in her 21st year of practicing law. ‘‘I love to practice law,’’ she said, ‘‘It’s very interesting. I think sometimes it’s sort of like a muscle, you know—the more you use it the stronger it gets. And I think to some degree our energy is the same way. If you don’t exercise, you don’t feel like exer-cising. That’s how I start my day: do my Bible reading and do my exercises. It’s pret-ty simple.’’ Dyche’s legal career has been very varied and has offered her opportunities to serve her profession outside the courtroom as well. ‘‘I’ve had a chance to do a lot of different things. I practiced with a firm’’ when I first got out of law school ‘‘and I office-shared with a lot of more experienced lawyers be-cause I didn’t feel like, especially with a family, that I needed to be by myself, so there were other lawyers who were very in-strumental in providing nurture to me dur-ing that time’’ and I had an opportunity to begin serving on the Kentucky Bar Associa-tion board of governors,’’ she said. Dyche was asked to take on the unexpired term of a departing board member and went on to serve as the president of the Kentucky Bar Association, shortly after her husband retired from the Court of Appeals and the two went into practice together, occupying as office space the house that Robert Dyche grew up in, which he and his siblings didn’t want to part with after his parents’ death. ‘‘Robbie came here to practice law as I was beginning my president-elect and president duties with the KBA and he really made it possible for me to take the time that those volunteer positions take because you travel statewide,’’ Dyche said. ‘‘And I had the op-portunity to meet a lot of people and to preach the gospel of ethical lawyering. Also during that time, I served on the board of di-rectors of the Kentucky Lawyers Mutual In-surance Company, a mutual insurance com-pany formed by Kentucky lawyers to serve Kentucky lawyers for our professional re-sponsibility, or professional malpractice, in-surance, and that was very interesting. The things you learn!’’ In addition to her service to the profession, Dyche has also spent most of her life as a dedicated volunteer to a number of causes, beginning with Kentucky Educational Tele-vision. ‘‘(KET) was really my first big volunteer activity as a young bride coming to London, Kentucky,’’ she said. ‘‘Leonard Press, who actually started KET, knew my father through Daddy’s work with the school sys-tem. He could see how public television, es-pecially educational television, could reach into the hills and hollows of southeastern Kentucky because it was such a challenge to bring educational material to people who really needed it, and it was during the time in the ’60s of (the Work Experience and Training Program). KET could bring edu-cational programs in where others could not, and my fascination with that program and with the television programs that were of-fered ‘‘caught my eye as a young adult when they were looking for volunteers here in southeastern Kentucky. I had an opportunity to work for many years as a very active vol-unteer with them’’ I did a lot of Friends of KET activities and was president of that board and then served on their foundation board for a number of years as well, so I guess that kind of got me hooked on how ex-citing volunteering can be.’’ Dyche also continues to support the Exten-sion Service and Laurel County Public Li-brary. She served on the Site-Based Councils of both North Laurel High School and Lon-don Elementary School when her children were students there. ‘‘There’s just all this stuff you get a chance to do if you keep your eyes open to opportunities to serve, and I think that’s in-credibly important that we keep our eyes open for those opportunities ‘‘If people want to serve, if they want to volunteer, they will find something. There’s something out there for you to do,’’ she said. Most recently, Dyche’s spirit of commu-nity service has found its outlet in God’s Pantry Food Bank. ‘‘(God’s Pantry) picks back up on my inter-est in people who are at risk nutritionally,’’ Dyche said. ‘‘There are hungry people here, especially during the downturn in the econ-omy. A number of years ago, I was contacted by representatives of God’s Pantry Food Bank in Lexington, and just the other day, we had a ‘Business After Hours’ at our ware-house here in London that opened in Decem-ber of 2013. Since July 1 of 2015, over 3 mil-lion pounds of food has been distributed from there. Last month, this warehouse distrib-uted more than the Lexington one did. I’m all for God’s Pantry. This is an agency that is five-star on Charity Navigator for the fifth or sixth year in a row. I think that’s really important that people check to see what they’re working on. You give them a dollar, they’ll turn it into $10 worth of food ‘‘We’re really excited that we continue to grow our agencies in this area.’’ Dyche sees the common thread between all of her activities, however, to be teaching people, and she said that is both the hardest and the most satisfying part of her work, whether it’s in the classroom or the field, the courtroom or the boardroom. ‘‘Teaching people things that they’re unfa-miliar with and explaining that something may not work out well. That’s tough. That’s really difficult,’’ she said. ‘‘But I like the teaching bit, whether it’s teaching about volunteer causes that benefit lots of people or explaining to a client a concept that is new to them. I like smart clients. I like to work with people who are interested in learning how this happened, why this hap-pened, and how we go forward. We’ve been in-credibly blessed to get to work with a lot of interesting folks over time. So I’m still a teacher.’’ For all her work and community service, however, Dyche still finds time to garden and cook, and she’s a voracious reader. She also teaches mahjong to a group every week at the Laurel County Public Library. Hers is a busy life, but she said she feels a responsibility to keep it that way. ‘‘I think if God has blessed us—and I think God has blessed almost everyone—I think we in turn have the opportunity to give back,’’ Dyche said. ‘‘God gives us all the same num-ber of hours in a day. It’s how we choose to use them.’’ f 
REMEMBERING CLARISSA ‘‘T.C.’’ FREEMAN Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to a distinguished Kentuckian who was a passionate advo-cate for and supporter of our Nation’s military, especially the troops sta-tioned at Kentucky’s Fort Campbell and in the neighboring community of Hopkinsville, KY. Clarissa ‘‘T.C.’’ Free-man, a woman so devoted to our men 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.072 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3275 May 26, 2016 
and women in uniform that one chap-ter of the Association of the United States Army, AUSA, named an award after her, sadly passed away on May 19. She was 83 years old. Freeman understood the importance of the men and women stationed at Fort Campbell and worked diligently to ensure that these servicemembers and her community got the recognition they deserved. Freeman was one of Kentucky’s civilian aides to the Sec-retary of the Army since 2008, holding a ceremonial rank equal to a lieuten-ant general. However, her contribu-tions to our servicemembers began long before that. She first became involved as an AUSA volunteer as a young Army wife in Fort Hood, TX, welcoming her hus-band back home from his first tour of duty in Vietnam. Freeman felt her hus-band and others returning from Viet-nam did not get the recognition and appreciation they deserved. T.C. was right about this, as she was about so many other important issues con-cerning our Nation’s servicemembers. She decided to do something about it personally. She took care of wounded soldiers. She coordinated welcome- home events. She advocated on behalf of Army families on housing and qual-ity-of-life issues that affected them. The Freemans moved to Hopkinsville and took up the cause of soldiers at Fort Campbell after T.C.’s husband, Army COL Bobby Freeman, was named garrison commander at Fort Campbell. T.C. Freeman’s support for the 101st Airborne Division, headquartered at Fort Campbell, was crucial throughout the years, especially in 1985 when 248 soldiers died in an air crash in New-foundland while returning from a peacekeeping mission. In 2009, Freeman was among the first nine honored as a ‘‘champion’’ of Fort Campbell and saw her portrait in-stalled in the division’s headquarters building. She served as chapter presi-dent and board member of the Ten-nessee-Kentucky chapter of AUSA. She was also an honorary member of the 327th Infantry Regiment and the 160th Special Operations Aviation regiments and a distinguished member of the 502nd and 187th Infantry regiments. T.C. and her husband, Bobby, raised two sons who served in the Persian Gulf and a daughter who was an Army wife. Elaine and I want to send our condolences to the Freeman family and to the many who knew and loved T.C. I am grateful for the long friendship I had with her, and I know she will be deeply missed—especially by the brave servicemembers she worked so hard to support and their families. An area publication, the Kentucky New Era, recently published an article detailing T.C. Freeman’s legacy. I ask unanimous consent that the article be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From the Kentucky New Era, May 20, 2016] T.C. F
REEMAN , TIRELESS FORTCAMPBELL  A
DVOCATE , DIES (By Andrew Oppmann) Clarissa ‘‘T.C.’’ Freeman, known and hon-ored by generals and privates alike as Fort Campbell’s Mom for her devoted service and advocacy of the U.S. Army, died at 7 a.m. Thursday at Jennie Stuart Medical Center after a long illness. She was 83. One of Kentucky’s civilian aides to the sec-retary of the Army since 2008, Freeman bat-tled pulmonary fibrosis for more than five years. However, despite the debilitating ef-fects of the disease, her service to Fort Campbell rarely slowed. Her husband, retired Army Col. Bobby Freeman, was a former garrison commander at Fort Campbell. Funeral services will be at 3 p.m. Sunday at First United Methodist Church, Hopkins-ville, and burial will be at 1 p.m. Monday at Kentucky Veterans Cemetery-West. Visita-tion will be from 4 until 8 p.m. Saturday at Hughart, Beard and Giles Funeral Home, Hopkinsville, and from 2 p.m. until the fu-neral hour at the church. As a civilian aide to the Army secretary, Freeman held the ceremonial rank equal to a lieutenant general. She used her status as a platform to call attention to the service and sacrifice of the soldiers of the 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault). Hopkinsville Mayor Carter Hendricks knew Freeman as a ‘‘tireless, tenacious and caring advocate’’ for Fort Campbell. At welcome-home ceremonies, Freeman often was seen handing off her cell phone to a young soldier who didn’t have family present but wanted to call home. Freeman was on a Chamber of Commerce committee that hired Hendricks to be the military affairs director in 2004. She became a dear friend and supporter, he said. No task was too small for Freeman, and she always followed through on her prom-ises, the mayor said. U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said, ‘‘T.C. understood the importance of the men and women stationed at the Kentucky (post) and worked diligently to ensure that these service members and her community got the recognition they deserved.’’ At a 2013 ceremony honoring Freeman, re-tired Gen. Richard A. Cody, former post and division commander, said, ‘‘T.C. was an Army wife and Army mom and a model for everyone here. She made a difference in the life of me and my family.’’ In 2009, Freeman and her husband were among the first nine honored as Champions of Fort Campbell, and their portraits were installed on a wall inside the division’s head-quarters building. She was a life member of the Association of the United States Army, serving as a re-gional president, as well as chapter president and board member of the Tennessee-Ken-tucky chapter. The chapter in 2013 named a brigade-level award for membership partici-pation in her honor. Freeman worked as an aide to former U.S. Sen. Jim Bunning and current U.S. Rep. Ed Whitfield and was a member of the Kentucky Military Affairs Commission. She was an honorary member of the 327th Infantry Regiment and the 160th Special Op-erations Aviation regiments a distinguished member of the 502nd and 187th Infantry regi-ments. As the wife of a decorated Vietnam avi-ator, and mother to two sons who served in the Persian Gulf and a daughter who was an Army wife, Freeman told an Army inter-viewer in 2009 that she knew what other spouses were going through when their hus-bands and wives were deployed. ‘‘The first Army family I took care of was mine,’’ she said. Freeman first became involved as an AUSA volunteer at Fort Hood, Texas, as a young Army wife. She told an Army journalist that when her husband returned from his first tour of duty in Vietnam, she was disappointed and sad-dened by the reception he received. She vowed to do something about it. ‘‘They didn’t understand how important our Army was,’’ she said in a 2009 article. ‘‘I always feel the need to give something back to our soldiers and to their families.’’ And give back she did. She was involved in taking care of wounded soldiers. She planned welcome-home events. She tackled granular issues that troubled Army families, such as ID card and housing problems. She hosted luncheons, consoled families in their grief and, as a champion of Fort Camp-bell, was a fierce advocate for funding of the post that straddles the Kentucky and Ten-nessee borders. Cody, quoted by The Eagle Post in a 2013 article on the AUSA award named in her honor, said Freeman was diligent to greet soldiers as they returned or departed for duty overseas. She would look around for a soldier who had no one waiting for him or her and would give him or her a hug and a thank you. ‘‘When they (the soldier’s family) can’t, I stand in for them,’’ she said. Maj. Gen. Jim Myles, at a 2009 ceremony covered by Army journalists, called Freeman ‘‘a national treasure and a hero.’’ When she was a VIP or special guest at an event, Myles said she would always divert the spotlight to the soldiers. ‘‘I’ve watched CASAs like T.C. make a dif-ference in soldiers’ lives in ways green- suiters couldn’t do,’’ he said. Cody, in the 2013 article, recalled how Freeman ‘‘wrapped her arms around this great division’’ after 248 soldiers from the 101st died in air crash at Gander, Newfound-land, while returning from a peacekeeping mission shortly before Christmas in 1985. The Freemans moved to Hopkinsville when Col. Freeman was named garrison com-mander at Fort Campbell. They remained there after he retired from the Army. Freeman’s passion for the soldiers of Fort Campbell never ceased, even as her illness limited her mobility in recent months. She was active on social media and often sent out messages of support to the division while on bed rest. ‘‘There is a lot that can be done to help our soldiers,’’ she told the Army journalist in 2009. ‘‘There are no boundaries to what good-ness one can contribute for the benefit of the soldiers.’’ f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. HOUSHANG KHORRAM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to congratulate a distinguished Kentuckian who is an accomplished doctor and who works to save lives and heal the sick in eastern Kentucky. Dr. Houshang Khorram practiced as a pedi-atrician for 50 years at Appalachian Regional Healthcare in Middlesboro, KY, and he retired this past January after his five decades of service. Dr. Khorram originally studied medi-cine in Iran, attending the Shiraz Med-ical Science University. He knew from the beginning of his medical career that he wanted to specialize in pediat-rics. After taking pediatrics specialty classes in Iran, he came to America; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.097 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3276 May 26, 2016 
first to Baltimore, MD, and then, in 1965, to Kentucky. He has been a proud resident of the Bluegrass State ever since. In his time at Appalachian Regional Healthcare, Dr. Khorram served as chief of the pediatric department, chief of medical staff, and president of the board of directors at the Daniel Boone Clinic. In his time as a physician, he has seen many advances in medical technology and implemented them in his practice. I want to congratulate Dr. Khorram for his five decades of service at the top of the medical field and wish him well upon the occasion of his retirement. I know he will have as much success in whatever endeavor he chooses next as he has had in his chosen field. I am sure his wife, Toby, and their two chil-dren are very proud of him, and Ken-tucky is glad to have benefitted from his work and service. An area publication, the Middlesboro Daily News, recently published an arti-cle highlighting Dr. Khorram’s life and career. I ask unanimous consent that the article be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Middlesboro Daily News, Feb. 12, 2016] D
ECADES OF DEDICATION  (By Kelsey Gerhardt) Appalachian Regional Healthcare in Middlesboro is a place where lives are saved, babies are born and broken bones are set. Dr. Houshang Khorram has seen it all in his 50 years as a pediatrician. Khorram’s story starts during his time as a student at Shiraz Medical Science Univer-sity in Iran. ‘‘I loved kids. I’ve always loved kids and that’s how I knew what I wanted to do,’’ said Khorram. He completed his pediatrics specialty classes in Iran and came to America to work at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland for a couple of years. In 1965, Khorram started working for the ARH in Floyd County, Kentucky and moved to the Middlesboro ARH five years later. He has lived and worked in Middlesboro ever since. ‘‘Actually, I came here to live for just six months, but I’m still here. I love the people and I love the area and I love nature so there are a lot of things that have kept me here,’’ said Khorram. He has seen many advances in the medical field, including technology and equipment which he believes have not only benefited pe-diatrics, but the way in which doctors are able to care for patients. ‘‘So much that we have now, we didn’t have it 10 or even 20 years ago. CT scans, MRI’s, sonograms have helped a lot and now it’s easier to make a diagnosis and it’s more reliable,’’ said Khorram. Khorram retired from ARH on January 1 and received a special award for his time. Throughout his decades at ARH, Khorram served as the chief of the Pediatric Depart-ment, chief of Medical Staff and the presi-dent of the board of directors at the Daniel Boone Clinic. If given the opportunity to start all over again, he undoubtedly would. ‘‘I encourage my kids to go into the med-ical field. It’s a great place to be and I would go back, go again to medical school if I could,’’ laughed Khorram. He enjoys hiking and reading pediatrics books in his free time. Since retirement, he is looking forward to having time to spend with his grandchildren. Khorram has been married to his wife Toby for 54 years. He acknowledges her sacrifices and support that have allowed him to be a doctor. Together they have two children. f REMEMBERING SUMNER SLICHTER Mr. REID. Mr. President, I was sad-dened to learn that Sumner Slichter, who for three decades was the chief policy adviser to former Wisconsin and U.S. Senator Russ Feingold, died May 16 in his home in Alexandria, VA, after a battle with brain cancer. He was 62 years old. Sumner Pence Slichter was born Au-gust 31, 1953, in Urbana, IL, to Nini Almy and Charles Slichter. He was the oldest of four children and is remem-bered as being a kind and loving older brother to his younger siblings. As a student attending Dr. Howard Elementary, Edison Junior High School, and Champaign Central High School, Sumner played viola in the school orchestra. He left for the Uni-versity of Wisconsin-Madison in 1970, where he majored in mathematics. Sumner continued to play viola in stu-dent ensembles and the UW orchestra, where he sat first chair. At the age of 19, Sumner began what would ultimately be a long and rich ca-reer in politics. His first job was on Ed Muskie’s 1972 Presidential campaign. Later that year, he worked as an as-sistant at the Democratic National Committee convention in Miami Beach. From there, Sumner worked for campaigns and offices of State rep-resentatives in Illinois, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. In 1981, an encounter would forever change Sumner’s life. That year he met a Milwaukee lawyer named Russ Fein-gold. At that time, Russ Feingold was working as a Democratic Party counsel on a close recall election. Sumner helped convince his new friend to chal-lenge an incumbent for the 27th dis-trict State Senate seat. Feingold won the election in 1982, and Sumner fol-lowed him to the State capital. Sumner and Russ would spend the next three decades working side-by-side in Madi-son and Washington, DC. Working in the Wisconsin State Sen-ate, Sumner helped design Feingold’s trademark progressive initiatives that focused on the aging, consumer-focused banking policies, budget discipline, and tax policy. It was during his time in the State capitol that Sumner met Pam Russell, who was working as a legislative attor-ney. They were married in 1990. While they lived in Madison, Sumner had a thriving social life. He was a member of a city intramural league softball team, the Soft Balls, and he and his friends and teammates often took advantage of Wisconsin’s beau-tiful State parks, going on annual camping trips to Governor Dodge and Rock Island, among others. Sumner en-joyed hosting friends at the summer cottage on Lake Mendota built by his grandfather, and in fact, it was there that Sumner held Russ Feingold’s first fundraiser for the 1982 State senate campaign. In 1992, after 10 years in the Wis-consin Legislature, Russ ran for the U.S. Senate. Sumner was there with his boss, playing an important stra-tegic role on the campaign. Many Wis-consinites still remember the funny, light-hearted campaign ads that Fein-gold ran in that campaign. Sumner was one of the campaign staffers who craft-ed those unforgettable ads. When Russ was elected to the U.S. Senate, Sumner and Pam relocated to northern Virginia where, on the day after they arrived, their daughter Sarah was born. Sumner worked for Russ in the U.S. Capitol for 18 years. He was Russ’s pol-icy director and helped shaped Senator Feingold’s progressive legacy. Think about some of the courageous acts that defined Senator Feingold’s work in the Senate: the McCain-Feingold Bipar-tisan Campaign Reform Act, his votes against the Defense of Marriage Act, the Iraq war, and the sole nay vote against U.S.A. Patriot Act. For each of those votes and bills, Sumner was right there alongside Russ, counseling and helping in any way he could. He also helped Feingold author a resolution to censure President George W. Bush. It is no wonder that Russ said of his friend, ‘‘Sumner was at my side for every vote I took in 28 years as a legislator, and I didn’t vote until I sought his wise counsel.’’ It is one thing to do good work for your boss, but it is another thing to treat your peers and colleagues with dignity, respect, and affection. Sumner was a great mentor and friend to his fellow staffers. Former Feingold chief of staff Mary Irvine remembers, ‘‘It was quite a thing really how many issues Sumner worked on . . . A great solo player and an awesome team play-er. He must have spent hours and hours on the Senate floor on any number of issues but was always on duty for the entire lengthy budget resolution votes. Sumner was an amazing expert on the Senate budget process and on par-liamentary procedure. He was a great political mind—there was no issue that Sumner couldn’t figure out and explain to the rest of us.’’ Outside of the Capitol, Sumner loved to cook for his friends and family. He was a movie buff who had a penchant for remembering lines, music, actors, and directors. He never lost his love of music and was always quick to respond to a danceable song. From his Madison days, Sumner brought annual Nixon Resignation and Derby Day parties and camping tradi-tions to his family and friends in the D.C. Area. He had a deep love of dogs and was very attached to his pets. Sumner Slichter’s passing is a loss for all of us here in the Senate. We grew accustomed to seeing his smiling face right at this boss’s side. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.094 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3277 May 26, 2016 
I, along with the entire U.S. Senate, send our condolences to his family. Sumner is survived by his wife, Pam Russell, of Alexandria, VA; daughter Sarah of Poughkeepsie, NY; mother Nini Almy of Mitchellville, MD; father Charles Slichter and stepmother Anne Slichter of Champaign, IL; brother Bill of Minneapolis and his wife Helen; brother Jacob of Brooklyn, NY, and his wife Suzanne; sister Ann of Los Ange-les; half-brother Daniel of Boulder, CO, and his wife Yolanda; and half-brother David of Binghamton, NY. I say to his family: Thank you for sharing Sumner with us over the years. Thank you for allowing his bright and radiant personality to shine on us. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
ZIKA SUPPLEMENTAL FUNDING Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last week, the Senate approved a com-promise deal negotiated by Senators Blunt, Murray, and others to provide $1.1 billion in emergency supplemental Zika funding. The White House, Dr. Frieden of the Centers for Disease Control, CDC, and Dr. Collins of the National Institute of Health, NIH, told us they needed $1.9 billion to fight this public health cri-sis, but the Republican caucus dis-agreed with these infectious disease ex-perts. I am not sure why Republicans do not believe the world’s best scientists and health officials when they articulate a clear, comprehensive plan to stop Zika. Perhaps they do not appreciate the se-verity of this public health threat? When we were faced with cases of Ebola within the United States, we re-acted swiftly and decisively. We funded 87 percent, $5.4 billion, of the adminis-tration’s request in a total of just 38 days. Well, now the same number of people in the U.S. and U.S. territories have died from Ebola, as have from Zika— one. Yet more than 91 days past the date of the formal Zika request, we are de-bating between just 33 percent, as the House approved, and 58 percent of this request? I fear my Republican col-leagues are underestimating the threat from the Zika virus on our Nation’s pregnant women. We know that Zika causes microcephaly, a devastating and tragic birth defect that causes babies to be born with serious neurological com-plications. And it seems that every day we are learning something worse. Just yester-day, a CDC and Harvard University study found that pregnant women who are infected with Zika in their first tri-mester face up to a 13 percent chance of their baby being born with microcephaly. We also know that the CDC is cur-rently monitoring nearly 300 pregnant women in the United States who have the Zika virus. The CDC estimates that the lifetime costs for a baby born with this tragic disease is between $1 million to $10 mil-lion, not to mention the considerable emotional toll of this disease on fami-lies. Sadly, it doesn’t take many cases of microcephaly to begin costing us more financially than the paltry amount House Republicans are committing to fight Zika. But Zika doesn’t just cause microcephaly. It is also linked to other neurological diseases that aggressively destroy brain tissue. It is also linked to Guillain-Bare syndrome, an auto-immune disorder than can cause paral-ysis and death. What about the impact of maternal stress on a baby? I cannot imagine the anxiety that pregnant women, espe-cially those in the southern part of this country and in Puerto Rico, must feel right now. Well, through genetics and neuroscience, we know for a fact that a mother’s stress during pregnancy can shape her child’s gene expression, lead-ing to poor birth outcomes and psycho-logical and physical disorders. If you call yourself pro-life, why would you not want to do everything you can to protect these babies from being subjected to elevated risk for se-rious birth defects? This is a train we have seen coming for miles and miles, and Republicans are refusing to step out of the way. It is bad enough that House and Sen-ate Republicans are refusing to provide the funding our health experts say is necessary to fight this disease, but now House Republicans are insisting on cut-ting Ebola funding to do it. Last week, the House passed a par-tisan bill that would have provided a mere $622 million to fight Zika. That is a third of what the experts say they need, and they offset the costs by raid-ing Ebola money. House Appropriations Chairman H
AL R
OGERS called it ‘‘excess funding left over from the Ebola outbreak.’’ That couldn’t be further from the truth. I recently spoke with the CDC Direc-tor Tom Frieden who told me some troubling news. Last month, there was another cluster of Ebola cases in West Africa, about a dozen new cases. What they have now found is that the Ebola virus can stay in a man’s system for up to 1 year, allowing it to be spread to others. Ebola may not be front page news in the United States right now, but that is largely because our CDC disease de-tectives are on the ground in West Af-rica, nearly 100 of them, fighting to contain its spread. If we keep stealing the funding that enables them to do their job, Ebola could soon again be front page news. Since Republicans have been drag-ging their feet on Zika funding, the White House was forced, as a last ditch, stop-gap requirement, to transfer $510 million away from the Ebola response to fund the immediate response needs for Zika. As the White House’s Ebola czar, Ron Klain, said last week, ‘‘we are taking a fire hydrant out of the ground in one place and moving it someplace else to fight a different fire.’’ This Ebola money that was moved was the CDC’s funds for the next 2 fis-cal years, funds that are to be used to build a frontline defense for our own country. It invests in the public health capacity of partner nations, so we aren’t waiting for local outbreaks to hit our shores as global epidemics. These ‘‘leftover’’ funds are being used to develop and test vaccine candidates for Ebola, and late-stage clinical trials are moving forward, but they need those funds to continue validating these vaccines. Now House Republicans want to drain these Ebola funds again. We already know what happens when we have to take money from one place in the public health budget and move it elsewhere. State and local health de-partments lost $44 million in CDC pre-paredness grants earlier this year be-cause of a reprogramming of funds that were moved to high-risk Zika States. Illinois lost $2 million in total. A re-cent survey of State health depart-ments said that this $44 million cut will result in staffing reductions and could hamper Zika preparations by forcing a reduction in laboratory serv-ices and epidemiological activities. So to be clear, States at lower risk for Zika, like Illinois, lost money to States at higher risk like Mississippi, Texas, and Florida. And this cut will mean that Illinois and other States that lost money are now less prepared for Zika. Public health preparedness is not done with a wave of a magic wand. It requires steady investments in people, lab testing, and epidemiology and dedi-cated research and clinical trials. We did not require our Ebola, H1N1, or avian influenza supplementals to be offset, and we certainly should not begin down that dangerous path now. As with our response to Ebola here in the U.S., proven public health proto-cols will work against Zika, but we need to listen to the experts and fund the needed response. That means we cannot wait any longer to pass an emergency Zika fund-ing supplemental. Some Republicans have said this money can wait until October 1 when our new fiscal year starts. Do you think mosquitos know when the new fiscal year begins and will wait to buzz and bite until then? This weekend is Memorial Day week-end. I don’t know about you, but in my hometown and across Illinois that means people will be outside and hav-ing barbecues. Then comes the Fourth of July and, soon after, Labor Day weekend. We do not have time to wait around. We need to approve the Senate’s Zika supplemental as a down payment, and we need to send it to the President’s desk this week. Over 1,380 people across 44 States, Washington DC, and 3 U.S. territories, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.069 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3278 May 26, 2016 
including over 279 pregnant women, have contracted Zika. To my Republican colleagues, I would say: stop playing games, support our States and Federal health officials, approve the money, and send it to the President’s desk. We cannot wait any longer. Pregnant women cannot wait any longer. 
f 
MANDATORY ARBITRATION CLAUSES IN FOR-PROFIT COL-LEGE ENROLLMENT AGREE-MENTS Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I have not been shy about coming to the Sen-ate floor to voice my concerns about the for-profit college industry. This is an industry that enrolls 10 percent of college students, collects 20 percent of Federal student aid, and accounts for over 40 percent of student loan de-faults. This industry has a terrible track record; yet it continues to col-lect billions each year in Federal fund-ing. If there ever was an industry that needed to face accountability, it is the for-profit college industry. But for- profit colleges have long avoided ac-countability to their students and to regulators through the use of manda-tory arbitration clauses. For years, mandatory arbitration clauses have been buried in the fine print of student enrollment agreements at for-profit schools. Students usually didn’t even know that, by signing these agreements, they were giving up their right to a day in court if the school’s misbehavior caused the students harm. Mandatory arbitration clauses mean, for example, that, if a student is misled or deceived by a school’s advertising and goes into debt as a result, the stu-dent can’t take the school to court. In-stead, the student is forced into a se-cret arbitration proceeding where the playing field is tilted against the stu-dent’s interests. Mandatory arbitration clauses allow schools to avoid accountability to their students—and the secrecy of arbitra-tion proceedings means that mis-conduct stays hidden from the atten-tion of regulators. Mandatory arbitra-tion clauses are not used by legitimate nonprofit colleges, either public or pri-vate. But these clauses were widely used among for-profit colleges—includ-ing Corinthian, the now bankrupt for- profit college which for years lied to its students and to regulators about its job placement rates and other data. There is a growing recognition that mandatory arbitration has helped hide misconduct in the for-profit college in-dustry. Also, because these clauses pre-vent students from seeking meaningful relief in court from the schools that wronged them, students have had to seek relief from the Federal Govern-ment for their student loan debt. This means that taxpayers are on the hook for helping these victimized students, instead of the for-profit colleges that harmed them. I have joined my colleagues in urging the Department of Education to issue strong regulations to prevent for-profit colleges that receive Federal funds from using mandatory arbitration clauses, and I have called out for-profit colleges that use these clauses. On April 13, I came to the Senate floor and mentioned three names of schools that use these clauses: DeVry, the University of Phoenix, and ITT Tech. Lo and behold, two of these three for-profit schools—DeVry and the Apol-lo Education Group, which owns the University of Phoenix—have now made commitments to stop requiring their students to submit to mandatory arbi-tration. Apollo made their announce-ment last week, and DeVry officials told my staff that they discontinued the use of these clauses a few weeks ago, on May 13. This is good news. These actions re-flect the growing consensus outside and inside the for-profit industry that mandatory arbitration has no place in higher education enrollment. Also, the decisions by Apollo and DeVry reaffirm that the Department of Education is on the right track in reining in manda-tory arbitration. The Department should finish the job by issuing rules that end this practice among all schools that receive Federal dollars. Now, one note of caution—the devil is in the details when it comes to arbi-tration clauses. I have heard promises before from education companies to end mandatory arbitration, only to see those companies add new fine print that finds other ways to block stu-dents’ access to court. I will be care-fully checking the fine print of the new enrollment agreements to make sure these schools are not imposing new, more subtle restrictions on their stu-dents’ access to court. If the fine print does reflect their commitment, I be-lieve Apollo and DeVry deserve credit, but they still have a long way to go to improve student outcomes and prove they are going to dump the old for- profit college playbook. ITT Tech, the spotlight is now on you. ITT Tech’s executives have de-manded their own day in court to re-spond to investigations and allegations of misconduct that were brought by regulatory agencies. At the same time, ITT Tech has continued to force its own students into mandatory arbitra-tion. ITT Tech and all for-profit col-leges should put an end to this practice of mandatory arbitration. They should join the growing consensus against these clauses that is reflected in the views of the Department of Education, student groups, veterans groups, civil rights groups, consumer groups, and now even some of the largest for-profit colleges. It is time to stand up for account-ability and for putting students first. It is time to end mandatory arbitration clauses in the for-profit college indus-try once and for all. 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE EASTER RISING Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last week, the Senate unanimously adopted a resolution to commemorate the 100th anniversary of a crucial milestone in the history of Ireland, the 1916 Easter Rising rebellion. As a son of Ireland through my father’s ancestors, I am proud to reflect on this important mo-ment in Ireland’s long march to inde-pendence. The relationship between the United States and Ireland is long, it is strong, it is enduring, and it cannot be under-stated. As President Kennedy once said in a speech before Ireland’s Par-liament, ‘‘No people ever believed more deeply in the cause of Irish freedom than the people of the United States.’’ Both the United States and Ireland have histories rooted in a common set of ideals and goals, and we share simi-lar principles and beliefs in freedom. A marker of the influence of the United States is the fact that our Nation is the only foreign country named in the 1916 Proclamation of the Republic, which proclaimed Ireland’s independ-ence. My relatives on my father’s side be-lieved strongly in the promises of op-portunity in the United States when they emigrated here in the mid-1800s. Marcelle and I have visited Ireland and met distant relatives who live there still. It is easy to see and feel the strong connections between our two countries. Last week’s centennial anniversary of the Easter Rising, commemorated on both sides of the Atlantic, recalls a turning point in Ireland’s history. The influences of freedom, dignity, and prosperity in America that motivated many of the leaders of that rebellion 100 years ago are worth fighting to pre-serve and nurture here in the United States today. Like so many lessons of the past, the Easter Rising is a mo-ment to reflect on our own freedoms and our own march toward perfecting our own Union. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RUBY PAONE Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I may be dating myself when I say this, but I re-member when Ruby Paone started work here as a fresh graduate from St. Andrews University. That was April of 1975, just a few months after I began my own tenure here in the Senate, and for more than 41 years, she has served in the U.S. Senate as a public servant of the highest caliber. Ruby is a re-markable woman. Throughout her Sen-ate experience, she has befriended fu-ture Presidents and legendary legisla-tors. The Senate permeates her family. She and her husband, longtime Senate aide and now adviser to President Obama, Marty Paone, have raised three wonderful children. Ruby is from the small town of Bladenboro, NC, and she brings the very best of small towns to this often 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.077 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3279 May 26, 2016 
chaotic city. In true smalltown fash-ion, she knows everyone, never forgets a name or a face, and has a smile and a kind remark for everyone she sees. I have often said that Senators are mere-ly constitutional impediments to their staff, and the same can surely be said for Ruby. Her steadfast service and collegiality are part of what makes the Senate work. Ruby, thank you for all that you have done for the Senate, and we wish you the best in retirement. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, as I have said previously, there are many people who work behind the scenes to help the Senate function. We tend to take them for granted, but we shouldn’t. I would like to take this opportunity to ac-knowledge one such Senate staffer, Deputy Director of Doorkeepers Ruby Paone, who is retiring after more than 41 of steadfast service to the U.S. Sen-ate and to our Nation. Everyone knows and loves Ruby, who has been here longer than any U.S. Senator currently serving, except for our esteemed col-league, the senior Senator from Vermont. Ruby Paone, one of Lena and Wilbur Smith’s five children, grew up on a farm in Bladenboro, NC, where she spent her summers pulling peanuts and harvesting tobacco. She graduated from St. Andrew’s University and then came to Washington, DC. On March 17, 1975, she started working in the Senate as a card desk attendant. Then she be-came a reception room attendant and steadily worked her way up to her present position. Along the way, she met another Senate staffer, Marty Paone. The two of them starting dat-ing, and then they were married in 1983. The Washington Post reported at the time: 
Senator Robert Byrd paused in the debate to inform his colleagues that Ruby Grey Smith, who has worked in the Senate Recep-tion Room for the last eight years, had mar-ried Marty Patrick Paone, a member of the floor staff of the Democratic Policy Com-mittee. Byrd observed that with all the bur-dens of the Senate, the marriage shows that ‘every cloud does have a silver lining.’ Quick to agree with the minority leader, Majority Leader Howard Baker rose to add his con-gratulations, remembering that on the wed-ding day the press of Senate business almost interfered with the wedding hour. Sen. How-ard Metzenbaum rushed out to get Mrs. Paone to hear the words of congratulation and she was there to see the chamber burst into applause. It may have been the best thing done in that Chamber all year. As Senator R EID noted yesterday, Ruby has been here for seven different Presidential administrations, 10 con-secutive inaugurations, 16 different Sergeants-at-Arms, and 383 different Senators. Ruby’s husband, Marty, who currently serves as deputy assistant to the President for legislative affairs, served as the Democratic secretary longer than anyone else in the history of the Senate. He worked in the Senate for 32 years overall, so he and Ruby have devoted nearly three-quarters of a century to this institution. Is there any other family so committed to serv-ice in the U.S. Senate? I doubt it. But the family’s service is not ending with Ruby’s retirement, fortunately. Ruby and Marty’s daughter, Stephanie, works in the Democratic cloakroom and their son, Tommy, works at the Senate appointments desk. They proudly and ably carry on the Paone family tradition of outstanding Senate service. I believe the U.S. Senate—Senators and staff—is a big family. Like any family, we certainly have our disagree-ments. But I am sure we can all agree that Ruby Paone has been a cherished member of the Senate family for over four decades, and we will miss her here. But we take solace in knowing that she is leaving so she can spend more time with her most important family—her husband, Marty, and their children Alexander, Stephanie, and Tommie. We have been so fortunate to have Ruby in the Senate family for the past 41-plus years. The American people are so for-tunate to have talented and dedicated public servants like Ruby and Marty and Stephanie and Tommy Paone. I know the entire Senate joins me in thanking Ruby for her service and wishing her and her family the very best. 
f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 251 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 establishes statutory limits on discretionary spending and allows for various adjust-ments to those limits, while sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 allow the chairman of the Budget Committee to establish and make revisions to allocations, ag-gregates, and levels consistent with those adjustments. On May 19, 2016, the Senate agreed to Senate amendment No. 3900, filed by Senator BLUNT . This amendment pro-vides funding to combat the Zika virus. The amendment would increase budget authority by $1,098 million in fiscal year 2016 and increase outlays by $147 million and $508 million in fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017, respectively. The amendment includes language that would designate its spending as emer-gency pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Deficit Control Act of 1985. The in-clusion of these designations makes this spending eligible for an adjust-ment under the Congressional Budget Act. As a result, I am increasing the budg-etary aggregate for fiscal year 2016 by $1,098 million in budget authority and $147 million in outlays. I am increasing the budgetary aggregate for fiscal year 2017 by $508 million in outlays. Further, I am revising the budget authority and outlay allocations to the Appropria-tions Committee by $1,098 million in revised nonsecurity budget authority and $147 million in outlays for fiscal year 2016 and by $508 million in outlays in fiscal year 2017. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) $s in millions 2016 
Current Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ........................................................... 3,069,829 Outlays .......................................................................... 3,091,246 Adjustments: Budget Authority ........................................................... 1,098 Outlays .......................................................................... 147 Revised Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ........................................................... 3,070,927 Outlays .......................................................................... 3,091,393 
REVISION TO SPENDING ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
(Pursuant to Sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $s in millions 2016 
Current Allocation *: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 548,091 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 527,857 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 1,173,067 Adjustments: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 1,098 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 147 Revised Allocation *: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 548,091 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 528,955 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 1,173,214 
* Excludes amounts designated for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to Section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) o f the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. Memorandum: Above Adjustments by Designation Program Integrity Disaster Relief Emergency Total 
Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ..................................................... 0 0 0 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................ 0 0 1,098 1,098 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ................................................................... 0 0 147 147 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:28 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.075 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3280 May 26, 2016 
REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 102 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015) $s in millions 2017 
Current Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ........................................................... 3,212,350 Outlays .......................................................................... 3,219,192 REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES—Continued 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 102 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015) $s in millions 2017 
Adjustments: Budget Authority ........................................................... 0 Outlays .......................................................................... 508 REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES—Continued 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 102 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015) $s in millions 2017 
Revised Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ........................................................... 3,212,350 Outlays .......................................................................... 3,219,700 
REVISION TO SPENDING ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
(Pursuant to Sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $s in millions 2017 
Current Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 551,068 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 518,531 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 1,181,801 Adjustments: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 0 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 508 Revised Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 551,068 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 518,531 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 1,182,309 
Memorandum: Detail of Adjustments Made Above OCO Program Integ-rity Disaster Relief Emergency Total 
Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ......................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 0 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ...................................................................................................... 0 0 0 508 508 
FRANK R. LAUTENBERG CHEMICAL SAFETY FOR THE 21ST CENTURY BILL Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, the fol-lowing information is in response to an article entered into the record by Sen-ator B
OXER of California earlier today. The Hearst News article in question was published in the San Francisco Chronicle and implies that the chem-ical industry drafted S. 697, the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. This implication is false. The bill authors, including myself, wrote this bill. Drafts of the bill were circulated to many interested stake-holders throughout the drafting proc-ess and returned with comments. This process took over 3 years, and drafts were circulated each step of the way. Reforming the Toxic Substances Con-trol Act was a very involved and trans-parent process. Environmental groups, trial lawyers, industry, State officials, and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency were consulted at many stages throughout the process. All of their input is reflected in the bill in various provisions, often the same ones. This is major comprehen-sive legislation that has received wide bipartisan support. The New York Times looked into the allegation that the chemical industry wrote the bill. Their lead reporter, Eric Lipton, wrote on March 17: ‘‘Lots of players, including enviros, submitted drafts with proposed changes.’’ Again, many drafts of this bill were shared by a variety of Senate offices with many stakeholders in a very en-gaged process over 3 years. It is disappointing that I must refute this allegation in the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD , but it is important to get the facts straight when explaining the leg-islative history of TSCA reform. (At the request of Mr. R
EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) TRUCK DRIVERS’ WORKING HOURS RULE ∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I rise to speak on an amendment I filed last week to the Transportation appro-priations bill. The bill passed the Sen-ate last week. I did not offer my amendment for a vote, but it has been willfully mischaracterized by an indus-try campaign, so I wanted to take a few minutes to explain it. My amendment, Blumenthal amend-ment No. 4002, would improve the safe-ty of our roads. America depends on truck drivers to move our goods around; truckers and the trucking in-dustry perform a vital service. But truckers who work too many hours in a week, like any other drivers who spend too much time behind the wheel, get tired and can’t drive safely. So since the Franklin D. Roosevelt administra-tion, there have been limits placed on the number of hours they can work in a week. In 2003, President Bush raised the limit from 60 hours on duty in a 7-day week, where it had been for decades, to 82 hours in a 7-day week. This in-creased truck drivers’ fatigue. So in 2013, President Obama sought to make some changes, bringing the limit back down to 70 hours and ensuring that drivers could rest when the body needs it most: at night. The Obama administration’s rule was based on sound science, thousands of comments, and, most importantly, a prioritization of safety over profits, but it was opposed by many trucking companies, who were accustomed to working their drivers to the max, re-gardless of the consequences for other drivers on the road. Over the past few years, in a process I will not describe in detail here, the trucking industry succeeded in gutting the new rule, not through legislation in the Commerce Committee, which has both the jurisdiction and the expertise, but through the appropriations proc-ess. Language on appropriations bills suspended the rule and required cum-bersome studies before it could return. The bill before us continues this trend, including language to make it clear that the Bush administration rules will return after the study, and it enshrines a statutory cap on truck drivers’ working hours, one that will be extremely difficult to change even in the face of new data or scientific evi-dence. This is terrible precedent. It encour-ages truck drivers to put in nearly dou-ble an average work week behind the wheel of an 80,000-pound big rig, the last place in the world we want some-one who is falling asleep. My amendment would let us go back to the rules that existed in 2013, rather than this mess, masquerading as a so-lution. It would give us the oppor-tunity to debate this issue fully and to put aside the counterproductive lan-guage in this appropriations bill. However, while I am not pushing for a vote on this amendment, it is sup-ported by the ranking member of the Commerce committee, Senator NEL-
SON, and my Commerce colleagues, Senators M
ARKEY and B OOKER . Unfor-tunately, due to a campaign of misin-formation, it has become controversial. And I believe the underlying measure, including critical funding to fight the Zika virus, must not be delayed. But I am pushing for a commitment from my colleagues to work with me in conference and, in the long-term, to find a solution. Four thousand people die a year in truck crashes, and count-less truck drivers report nodding off behind the wheel. This is something we have a duty to address.∑ 
f 
MEMORIAL DAY Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, as chairman of the Senate Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, I proudly wish to rec-ognize the 1 percent of Americans who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.077 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3281 May 26, 2016 
serve today in the Armed Forces of the United States. This past weekend, on Armed Forces Day, I had the honor of participating in the grand opening of the Military Family Support Center presented by the Cobb Chamber of Commerce. It remains humbling to me every time I see Georgia communities come together to support our service-men and servicewomen and their fami-lies. Anyone who opens a newspaper today or turns on the TV knows that we live in a world of unknown and dangerous threats. Despite this, nearly 2.1 million Americans have voluntarily raised their right hands and sworn to defend our Nation against all enemies, foreign and domestic. What makes these men and women unique is that, despite these global threats, they choose to rise to the challenge. They come from all walks of life. From coast to coast, every Main Street, farm, or even next door, our selfless warriors voluntarily walk away from the comforts of home to join the most elite force on this planet. They endure long hours in the field, countless months away from their families while downrange, and some even come face to face with those who wish to do us harm. These coura-geous Americans are deployed in more than 150 countries around the world. From humanitarian missions to coali-tion force partnerships to counterter-rorism operations, there is no mission, no challenge they cannot rise to meet. Our world is becoming increasingly unstable. With threats rising from old foes to new ones in familiar places, there is simply no shortage of chal-lenges our country faces in terms of national security. While the unknown threatens global peace, one constant known is the courage and dedication of America’s Armed Forces. I am con-stantly reminded that we are the land of the free because of the brave. Now, this coming Monday gives us all a moment to stop and pay respect to the approximately 1.3 million Ameri-cans who have given their lives in the defense of our great Nation. From the Revolutionary War to the Civil War, from World War I to World War II, from Korea to Vietnam, and from Iraq to Af-ghanistan, brave men and women have answered the call to defend our home-land and protect the helpless around the world in the name of peace. Those of us who are fortunate to work in this grand Capitol Building need not look any farther than across the river, on the other side of the National Mall, where the ‘‘gardens of stone’’ at Ar-lington National Cemetery offer a so-bering reminder of the price of free-dom. While Americans enjoy the long weekend with family and barbecues, I would encourage everyone to take a moment to remember the true meaning of the holiday: to honor the service-members who have paid the ultimate price. I also want to take a moment to honor and thank those families who President Lincoln once said ‘‘have laid such a costly sacrifice upon the altar of freedom.’’ The strength of these fami-lies to persevere is like no other, and their support to our goals of peace and freedom is simply humbling. Memorial Day—and every day—I am again honored and reminded that we are the land of the free because of the brave. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, Ameri-cans live free, secure, and stable lives thanks to generations of men and women in uniform who were willing to sacrifice their own lives. We must never forget the tremendous debt we owe those brave Americans. It is in large part because of them that Amer-ica serves as a beacon of hope, freedom, and equality to all the world. This Monday, we will celebrate Me-morial Day, a national day of solemn remembrance and gratitude as we honor the men and women who have died defending our Nation. We honor each and every American who has made the ultimate sacrifice on battle-fields from Lexington, Concord, and Bunker Hill to Fort McHenry; from Shiloh, Antietam, and Gettysburg to Belleau Wood and the Somme; from Pearl Harbor, Bastogne, and Iwo Jima to Inchon, Bloody Ridge, and the Chosin Reservoir; from Ia Drang, Khe Sanh, and Hamburger Hill to Umm Qasr, Nasiriyah, Fallujah, and Kabul. We salute the centuries-old legacy of selflessness and sacrifice that defines our Nation. We are forever indebted to our warfighters and their families. On Memorial Day, we pause to reflect, to remember, to pay respect, to give thanks. And we say a prayer for all the men and women currently serving in harm’s way and look forward to the day when they may return home safely to be with their families and friends. Memorial Day is not only a day for looking backward. It is also a day for looking forward. Those men and women who lie buried gave their lives so that we could live in peace. Their dream and the dream of every Amer-ican serving in the field of battle is that someday no more Americans will be called upon to give their lives for their country, that someday war will end and the world will be truly free. What better way, then, to honor their memory than to do everything we can to seek peace? On this day of remembrance, I hope that all Americans remember the dream of those who committed the greatest sacrifice and pursue peace in all our endeavors. As President Lincoln put it so eloquently nearly 153 years ago, let us dedicate ourselves ‘‘to the great task remaining before us—that from these honored dead we take in-creased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion—that we here highly re-solve that these dead shall not have died in vain—that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of free-dom—and that government of the peo-ple, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.’’ 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE U.S. HELSINKI COMMISSION Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, on June 3, 1976, U.S. President Gerald Ford signed into law a bill establishing the Commission on Security and Coopera-tion in Europe, more commonly known as the U.S. Helsinki Commission. I bring this 40th anniversary next week to my colleagues’ attention today because the commission has played a particularly significant role in U.S. foreign policy. First, the commission provided the U.S. Congress with a direct role in the policymaking process. Members and staff of the commission have been inte-grated into official U.S. delegations to meetings and conferences of what is historically known as the Helsinki Process. The Helsinki Process started as an ongoing multilateral conference on security and cooperation in Europe that is manifested today in the 57- country, Vienna-based Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, or OSCE. As elected officials, our ideas reflect-ing the interests of concerned Amer-ican citizens are better represented in U.S. diplomacy as a result of the com-mission. There is no other country that has a comparable body, reflecting the singular role of our legislature as a separate branch of government in the conduct of foreign policy. The commis-sion’s long-term commitment to this effort has resulted in a valuable insti-tutional memory and expertise in Eu-ropean policy possessed by few others in the U.S. foreign affairs community. Second, the commission was part of a larger effort since the late 1970s to en-hance consideration of human rights as an element in U.S. foreign policy deci-sionmaking. Representatives Millicent Fenwick of New Jersey and Dante Fas-cell of Florida created the commission as a vehicle to ensure that human rights violations raised by dissident groups in the Soviet Union and the Communist countries of Eastern Eu-rope were no longer ignored in U.S. pol-icy. In keeping with the Helsinki Final Act’s comprehensive definition of secu-rity—which includes respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms as a principle guiding relations between states—we have reviewed the records of all participating countries, including our own and those of our friends and al-lies. From its Cold War origins, the Hel-sinki Commission adapted well to changing circumstances, new chal-lenges, and new opportunities. It has done much to ensure U.S. support for democratic development in East-Cen-tral Europe and continues to push for greater respect for human rights in Russia and the countries of the Caucasus and Central Asia. The Commission has participated in the debates of the 1990s on how the United States should respond to con-flicts in the Balkans, particularly Bos-nia and Kosovo and elsewhere, and it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.060 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3282 May 26, 2016 
does the same today in regard to Rus-sia’s aggression towards Ukraine. It has pushed U.S. policy to take action to combat trafficking in persons, anti- Semitism and racism, and intolerance and corruption, as well as other prob-lems which are not confined to one country’s borders. The Helsinki Commission has suc-ceeded in large part due to its leader-ship. From the House, the commission has been chaired by Representatives Dante Fascell of Florida, my good friend S
TENY HOYER of Maryland, the current chairman, C
HRISTOPHER SMITH of New Jersey, and A
LCEE HASTINGS of Florida. From this Chamber, we have had Senators Alfonse D’Amato of New York, Dennis DeConcini of Arizona, Ben Nighthorse Campbell of Colorado, Sam Brownback of Kansas and today’s cochairman, R
OGER WICKER of Mis-sissippi. I had the honor, myself, to chair the Helsinki Commission from 2007 to 2015. That time, and all my service on the commission, from 1993 to the present, has been enormously rewarding. I think it is important to mention that the hard work we do on the Hel-sinki Commission is not a job require-ment for a Member of Congress. Rather than being a responsibility, it is something many of us choose to do because it is rewarding to secure the release of a longtime political prisoner, to reunify a family, to observe elec-tions in a country eager to learn the meaning of democracy for the first time, to enable individuals to worship in accordance with their faiths, to know that policies we advocated have meant increased freedom for millions of individuals in numerous countries, and to present the United States as a force for positive change in this world. Several of us have gone beyond our responsibilities on the commission to participate in the leadership of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly. Rep-resentative H
ASTINGS served for 2 years as assembly president, while Rep-resentative H
OYER , Representative R
OBERT ADERHOLT of Alabama, and I have served as vice presidents. Senator W
ICKER currently serves as chairman of the assembly’s security committee. Representative Hilda Solis of Cali-fornia had served as a committee chair and special representative on the crit-ical issue of migration. Today, Rep-resentative S
MITH serves as a special representative on similarly critical issue of human trafficking, while I serve as special representative on anti- Semitism, racism, and intolerance. Our engagement in this activity as elected Members of Congress reflects the deep, genuine commitment of our country to security and cooperation in Europe, and this rebounds to the enor-mous benefit of our country. Our friends and allies appreciate our en-gagement, and those with whom we have a more adversarial relationship are kept in check by our engagement. I hope my colleagues would consider this point today, especially during a time when foreign travel is not strongly en-couraged and sometimes actively dis-couraged. Finally, let me say a few words about the Helsinki Commission staff, both past and present. The staff represents an enormous pool of talent. They have a combination of diplomatic skills, re-gional expertise, and foreign language capacity that has allowed the Members of Congress serving on the commission to be so successful. Many of them de-serve mention here, but I must men-tion Spencer Oliver, the first chief of staff, who set the commission’s prece-dents from the very start. Spencer went on to create almost an equivalent of the commission at the international level with the OSCE Parliamentary As-sembly. One of his early hires and an even-tual successor was Sam Wise, whom I would consider to be one of the diplo-matic heroes of the Cold War period for his contributions and leadership in the Helsinki Process. In closing, I again want to express my hope that my colleagues will con-sider the value of the Helsinki Com-mission’s work over the years, enhanc-ing the congressional role in U.S. for-eign policy and advocating for human rights as part of that policy. Indeed, the commission, like the Hel-sinki Process, has been considered a model that could be duplicated to han-dle challenges in other regions of the world. I also hope to see my colleagues increase their participation on Hel-sinki Commission delegations to the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly, as well as at Helsinki Commission hearings. For as much as the commission has ac-complished in its four decades, there continues to be work to be done in its fifth, and the challenges ahead are no less than those of the past. f 
JEWISH AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and celebrate the month of May as Jewish American Her-itage Month. Since the founding of our Nation, Jewish Americans have indeli-bly shaped American society. As a proud Jewish American, I am honored to have the opportunity to acknowl-edge the outstanding contributions of our vibrant community in the past, present, and future. In the 109th Congress, Representative D
EBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ and then- Senator Arlen Spector authored a con-current resolution calling for a procla-mation each year to observe American Jewish History Month. On April 20, 2006, President George W. Bush pro-claimed that May 2006 would be Jewish American Heritage Month. Jewish Americans have fought tire-lessly to realize the American Dream and to enrich our society. Jewish Americans have been instrumental in eliminating disease such as the polio epidemic, and they have split the atom. These achievements and others too nu-merous to count are watershed mo-ments in history, and they make up only a small fraction of the various ac-complishments Jewish Americans have made. Such achievements, however, do not come without concomitant struggles. Jewish Americans have been dedicated to promoting tolerance and under-standing because Jewish people have been challenged and persecuted throughout history whenever they have professed their faith. Jewish Americans participated in the aboli-tionist movement in the 19th century and joined the ranks of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee during the civil rights movement in the 1960s. There is no question that the Jewish tradition of diversity and inclu-sion has helped to make the United States the force for equal rights, de-mocracy, and opportunity that it is today. Though we face challenges to that ideal every day, we must not for-get that this country was and remains a beacon for those suffering under the weight of oppression around the world. We cannot understate the role that Israel plays in Jewish American soci-ety and in the lives of Jewish people around the world. Our homeland is the focal point of our religion and our cul-ture. Further, our two nations are built on a common set of core democratic principles and representative govern-ment, but we have more than political philosophies in common; we share a strong belief in the promotion of equal-ity, freedom, and tolerance. The United States will always stand by Israel, and we will always support the safety of the Israeli people. As a U.S. Senator, I have been proud to take part in efforts to strengthen the relationship between our two nations. Without our home-land, Jewish Americans may never have been able to make the myriad contributions they have made to our Nation. These Jewish Americans’ ac-complishments embody the positive values that form the foundation of our shared culture and history. Our diver-sity makes the United States of Amer-ica strong, and Jewish Americans have played an integral role in shaping and nurturing that diversity. f 
THE MALMEDY MASSACRE Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the sacrifice of our sol-diers at the Malmedy massacre. As we prepare for Memorial Day, it is important to remember the 87 Ameri-cans who were killed in action during the Malmedy massacre and honor the brave few who survived this terrible or-deal. One of the survivors of this mas-sacre, Harold W. Billow, is a proud resi-dent of Pennsylvania. On December 17, 1944, Mr. Billow and Battery B, 285th Field Artillery Obser-vation Battalion were riding in a con-voy of vehicles towards the Belgian town of St. Vith. The convoy was at-tacked outside of Malmedy by a Nazi SS unit called Kampfgruppe Peiper. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.064 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3283 May 26, 2016 
While a few soldiers were able to es-cape the initial attack, the other 130 Americans were forced to surrender to the SS troops. Given orders to take no prisoners and violating the rules of war, German tank gunners lined up the Americans and gunned them down in cold blood. Worse yet, these Nazi troops searched for anyone showing signs of life and shot them repeatedly at point-blank range. However, 40 men, including Mr. Bil-low, were able to play dead and escape the massacre. Many of these survivors traveled to Nuremburg after the war to testify in the war crimes trials and de-mand justice for their fallen brothers in arms. Today Mr. Billow is one of only two men from the 285th Battalion known to be alive. Mr. Billow dedicates his life to re-membering his comrades who did not survive this massacre. Every Fourth of July, Memorial Day, and Veterans’ Day, Mr. Billow decorates his front lawn with 87 American flags, one for each man who fell on that terrible day in 1944. Today I wish to remember the ulti-mate sacrifice made by those killed in the Malmedy massacre and also to honor and thank the survivors, includ-ing Mr. Billow, who keep the memory of their fellow soldiers alive. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANDY SIMKOVITCH Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, today I wish to honor and recognize a distin-guished D-Day veteran from Pennsyl-vania, Mr. Andy Simkovitch, and to commemorate the 72nd anniversary of the D-Day landings. A resident of Erie, PA, Mr. Simkovitch was a U.S. Navy sailor that served aboard the tank landing ship USS L.S.T. 501 during World War II. He was involved in Operation Over-lord at Utah and Omaha Beaches, where he transported troops during the D-Day landings on June 6, 1944. During the operation and while under heavy German fire, he went to the beach nine times. Following his actions in France, his ship headed to the Pacific and saw combat in numerous battles, including the Battle of Okinawa. Mr. Simkovitch stayed in the Pacific until Japan sur-rendered, and he was then honorably discharged in March 1946. The courage and bravery displayed by Mr. Simkovitch earned him the Chevalier Legion of Honor medal, the highest honor bestowed by the nation of France. With only 855,000 of the 16 million American WWII veterans re-maining today, it is increasingly im-portant to honor those that served our great Nation and ensure future genera-tions know about the struggles and sacrifices these brave veterans en-dured. On behalf of the U.S. Senate, I wish to thank Mr. Simkovitch for his dedi-cated service to our Nation in advance of the 72nd anniversary of the D-Day landings. (At the request of Mr. REID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VERMONT FEDERAL EXECUTIVE ASSOCIATION 2016 AWARDS ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, to commemorate Public Recognition Week, the Vermont Federal Executive Association, VTFEA, recognized the more than 4,000 Federal employees working across the State and the good work they do every day. I would like to offer special congratulations to the 2016 Excellence in Government award winners, who have been recognized by VTFEA for their exemplary govern-ment service. Excellence in Management and Pro-gram Support Award, Individual Award—Heather Festa, management program analyst, personnel security di-vision, Office of Security and Integrity, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices, South Burlington—Heather dem-onstrated exceptional innovation and professionalism in response to the Of-fice of Personnel Management’s secu-rity breach of electronic systems con-taining background investigation records. When OPM instructed Federal agencies to mail all paper documents, many agencies simply halted their per-sonnel security processes. However, Heather skillfully designed and imple-mented an action plan for the hard- copy paper forms to ensure there would be no interruption in processing secu-rity checks within U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Excellence in Management and Pro-gram Support Award, Group Award— northeast regional office position de-scription workgroup, northeast re-gional office, U.S. Citizenship and Im-migration Services, South Burlington, including Jeannine Longchamp, Maegan Cutler, Brian Johansson, and Laurie Juskiewicz—the northeast re-gional office human resources team led a working group to review supervisory position descriptions for U.S. Citizen-ship and Immigration Services’s entire field operations directorate. Not only did the team ensure that all positions aligned with Office of Personal Man-agement guidelines, it also created su-pervisory positions at new grade levels that opened up previously unobtainable career paths for some employees. Professional Award—Peter Banacos and Andrew Loconto, meteorologists, National Weather Service, Burlington International Airport, South Bur-lington—Peter and Andrew worked to-gether to develop a snow squall identi-fication and forecasting technique that has greatly improved winter weather forecast and warning systems for many National Weather Service offices. His-torically, there has been an overall lack of forecaster awareness in identi-fying the weather conditions in which snow squalls can occur, as well as un-derstanding their impact. Peter and Andrew’s innovation, leadership, and persistent efforts over the past 3 years have enhanced the National Weather Service’s ability to provide useful win-ter weather information to the public. Law Enforcement, Safety and Secu-rity Award—Amanda Cahill, special agent, Department of Justice, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Ex-plosives, satellite office, Rutland— Amanda exemplifies the highest tradi-tions of government service: tireless dedication and devotion to her agency and the residents of her community. She has singlehandedly reestablished a Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives presence in southern Vermont and has begun to fill a void in the law enforcement community’s fight against armed drug traffickers. She has acted as an undercover agent, as well as a lead investigator, and recently, she has been recognized for her efforts by the U.S. attorney for Vermont. Managerial/Supervisory Award—Dan-iel Whitney, section chief, training, U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, law enforcement support center, Williston—Dan Whitney exem-plifies the continued pursuit of excel-lence and an unparalleled record of achievement. The law enforcement support center, LESC, is U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement’s pri-mary point of contact for law enforce-ment agencies throughout the country. Dan is responsible for ensuring that all LESC employees receive continuous training in multiple law enforcement databases, including ICE’s new enter-prise database that his team tested to ensure that LESC employees had the training and the tools to provide up to the minute information to law enforce-ment agencies. Dan is someone who leads by example and is always willing to do whatever it takes to ensure that LESC meets its mission. Tina Gurka Community Service Award—registered nurse Sharon Levenson and police officer Guy Gard-ner, VA medical center, White River Junction—in January 2016, Nurse Shar-on Levenson and Officer Guy Gardner demonstrated their dedication to vet-erans in their local community. After one of her patients did not show up for an appointment, Sharon contacted the local police department and requested a welfare check. When the police de-partment said the situation did not warrant a check, VA Officer Guy Gard-ner contacted a neighbor, and they dis-covered the veteran in serious distress. Thanks to Sharon and Guy’s efforts, the patient recovered fully. Their com-mitment to veterans was recognized by VA Secretary McDonald during testi-mony before the Senate Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee. Interagency Collaboration and Part-nership Award—Brian Wood, Border Patrol agent, U.S. Border Patrol, Richford—Brian has demonstrated ex-emplary professionalism and work ethic in forming and maintaining valu-able and productive partnerships with various Federal and State agencies in Vermont and across the country. Brian’s efforts have resulted in the ar-rest of numerous alien smugglers, drug 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.065 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3284 May 26, 2016 
dealers, and human traffickers and the removal of countless illegal firearms, heroin, and cocaine from our commu-nities. Brian uses his expertise in law enforcement and his ability to collabo-rate successfully to keep our commu-nities and citizens safe. Heroic Act Award—John Marsh, Bor-der Patrol agent, U.S. Border Patrol, Swanton sector, Beecher Falls Sta-tion—in April 2016, while returning from a call for assistance in New Hampshire, Agent Marsh approached two men on the ground, one pounding the chest of the other. Agent Marsh found the person on the ground was choking on food, was not breathing, and would not respond to verbal stimu-lation. After requesting emergency medical services, Agent Marsh admin-istered the Heimlich maneuver and was able to dislodge the food from the vic-tim. He remained with him until the paramedics arrived and took over care. Thanks to John’s training and his abil-ity to stay calm under pressure, the victim is alive and well today. Vermont Federal Team of the Year Award—the northwest vermont local-ity pay committee: Brandon Ackel, Transportation Security Administra-tion, Robert Brugman, National Credit Union Administration, Brian Johansson, U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services, Kelly Larsen, Federal Aviation Administration, Alaska, Bruce McDonald, Transportation Secu-rity Administration, Sean McVey, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Mark Nielsen, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Jeff Ostlund, Transpor-tation Security Administration, Corey Price, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Texas, Lisa Rees, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, and Krista Scheele, Transportation Se-curity Administration—in November 2012, VTFEA discussed what initiatives would benefit the most Federal em-ployees, and it didn’t take long to real-ize that securing locality pay for Vermont was the No. 1 priority. In early 2013, VTFEA created a locality pay committee, consisting of employ-ees from six Federal agencies. Working tirelessly, the team prepared a locality pay proposal for northwest Vermont and, in December 2013, presented it to the Federal Salary Council in Wash-ington, DC. Unfortunately, the first proposal was denied, so the following year, they tried again. Again, the pro-posal was denied. Not to be discour-aged, the team drafted a third proposal in November 2015, and committee mem-bers traveled to Washington at their own expense to support the package and their fellow Vermonters. At the hearing, the Council approved the package, which is waiting for approval by the President’s pay agent and the President. The northwest Vermont lo-cality pay committee’s tenacity, col-laborative spirit, and positivity is why Vermont is being considered for local-ity pay, and it is because of their ef-forts that VTFEA chose them as ‘‘Fed-eral Team of the Year.’’∑ ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID MAXWELL ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor David Maxwell, the di-rector of the Arkansas Department of Emergency Management, ADEM, and State Homeland Security adviser, who is retiring next month after more than 36 years of service at ADEM. David began his career at ADEM in 1978 as a temporary housing employee working with Arkansans displaced by major flooding in Little Rock. Through the years, he held a number of positions at ADEM, including plans and operations division manager, where he ensured the State emergency operations plan, EOP, and local juris-dictional plans were maintained and in compliance with State and Federal guidelines. Prior to assuming the role of director, David served as the depart-ment’s deputy director. As director, David chairs the Arkan-sas Homeland Security executive com-mittee and serves on a number of the State’s emergency response-related councils and committees. In October 2009, David served a 1-year term as 2010 president of the National Emergency Management Association, NEMA, and now serves as an adviser to the current NEMA president. Additionally, he serves on the board of directors of the Central United States Earthquake Con-sortium, CUSEC, and is a member of the executive committee of the Na-tional Governors Association, NGA, Governors Homeland Security Advisors Council for which he chairs the cata-strophic disaster and preparedness committee. In 2015, David was awarded the Lacy E. Suiter Distinguished Serv-ice Award by the National Emergency Management Association. David has served as the designated State coordinating officer for 24 feder-ally declared disasters and one feder-ally declared emergency during his ca-reer at ADEM. I worked very closely with David dur-ing his tenure as ADEM director. I have always found him to be a very re-sponsive, committed public servant who is dedicated to the people of Ar-kansas. I thank David for his service to our State and applaud his efforts to keep Arkansans safe over the last three dec-ades. I wish him all the best in retire-ment.∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE MONT-GOMERY COUNTY YOUTH HOCK-EY ASSOCIATION BLUE DEVILS ∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate the Montgomery Youth Hockey Association’s, MYHA, Squirt AA Blue team for winning the 2016 International Silver Stick cham-pionship in Sarnia, Ontario. I am proud that this year—for the 3rd year in a row—the name of the Montgomery Blue Devils from Rockville, MD, will be on a plaque placed alongside the Sil-ver Stick trophy in the Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto, Canada. The International Silver Stick tour-nament has attracted teams from all over the United States and Canada since 1958. The laudable purpose of the tournament is to develop and promote ‘‘Citizenship and International Good-will through hockey.’’ The Mont-gomery Blue Devils team of 9- and 10- year-olds—a squad of 15 boys and 1 girl—exemplified this philosophy both on and off the ice. Led by tournament ‘‘most valuable player’’ Reid Pehrkon, the Squirt AA Blue team outscored its opponents by a margin of 30 goals to 17. The team defeated the North York Knights in Toronto, Canada, in four overtimes, 5–4, to win the champion-ship for a 3rd consecutive year. Com-piling 145 victories in the process, the Blue Devils can legitimately lay claim to being the best AA team in North America. In addition to winning the Inter-national Silver Stick tournament, the team won its regular season title, the league playoff championship, and the International Silver Stick regional championship. Throughout the season, the AA Blue team lived up to its simple rallying cry of ‘‘work,’’ and never wavered from the main goals established by Coach Rob Keegan and assistants Dave Cohen, Stu Margel, and Lee Rosebush, which were ‘‘to be the hardest working team around and to always believe that the team is more important than the indi-vidual.’’ I ask my colleagues to join me today in congratulating the MYHA Blue Dev-ils Squirt AA Blue Team for its dedica-tion to the values of teamwork and perseverance while winning a third consecutive International Silver Stick Championship. Team members include Ethan Birndorf, Caden Blazer, Will Cohen, Andrew Fou, Nick Garner, Cody Keegan, Alexander MacMillan, Dylan Margel, John McNelis, Jack Oliver, Reid Pehrkon, Dakota Rosebush, Brady Silverman, Jack Slater, Lucy Thiessen, and Maddox Tulacro. We should also express our appreciation to the coaches mentioned above and to the parents, other family members, and friends who have tirelessly supported and mentored this superb group of youngsters. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO MONSIGNOR JOSEPH P. KELLY ∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Monsignor Joseph P. Kelly, a dear friend and spiritual advi-sor, for his decades of extraordinary service in helping others and working to secure the common good. Fifty years ago, Monsignor Kelly was or-dained as a priest in the Diocese of Scranton. Since then, he has touched the lives of thousands of people in Northeastern Pennsylvania and Ne-braska. He is been a servant leader, one whose profound faith is demonstrated in his works. I would like to take this time to wish him the best on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.076 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3285 May 26, 2016 
this milestone and reflect on his self-less commitment to enriching the lives of others. Over the decades, he has worked in a variety of diocesan assignments and al-ways in a position to teach students or his congregation. As an educator at Holy Rosary School and the Scranton Preparatory School, he spent 25 years teaching religion to eighth graders and high school seniors. He has served as pastor of several parishes, including St. Catherine’s Moscow, Holy Rosary, St. Ann’s, and Nativity of Our Lord. In ad-dition, Monsignor Kelly served as the Episcopal vicar of Hispanic ministry for the Diocese of Scranton. He has also led Catholic Social Services, St. Michael’s School for Boys, and Camp St. Andrew, where he cofounded Project Hope. At one time, Project Hope sent as many as 700 low-income and at-risk youth to Camp St. Andrew, providing summer camp experiences for young people who otherwise would not be able to afford the program. Service and serving others is not only a deed, it has been a way of life for Monsignor Kelly. Although Mon-signor Kelly retired from leading Catholic Social Services at the end of 2015, he currently is the executive di-rector of the St. Francis of Assisi Kitchen in Scranton, PA. He is com-mitted to responding to the needs of those living in poverty in America. I commend his lifelong efforts to foster compassion and promote human dig-nity for all people, at all stages of life. Monsignor Kelly’s reputation for integ-rity is reflected in his work with the poorest, most vulnerable, and most marginalized members of our commu-nities. Over the past 50 years, his life has been one of compassion, selfless serv-ice, and a steadfast commitment to justice. On behalf of the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania, I commend Monsignor Joseph P. Kelly for this milestone and wish him only the best in the days and years ahead.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MACKENZIE WOOTEN, BROOK HIGBEE, AND HAYDN BRADSTREET ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate three Nevada stu-dents, Mackenzie Wooten, Brook Higbee, and Haydn Bradstreet, who were named U.S. Presidential Scholars. This is an incredible accolade, recog-nizing the very best students across the Nation who have gone above and beyond in their academic pursuits, and I extend my sincerest congratulations to these three Nevadans. The U.S. Presidential Scholars Pro-gram was established in 1964 by Presi-dent Lyndon B. Johnson to recognize some of the most academically ambi-tious students across the Nation. Each year, up to 161 students are named as U.S. Presidential Scholars, which is one of the most prestigious accom-plishments that high school students can achieve. All three of these students have excelled in their studies and are certainly deserving of this award. Mackenzie is a senior at Northwest Career and Technical Academy in the Clark County School District and was recognized for demonstrating excel-lence in career and technical edu-cation. This category was added to the scholars list this year to recognize stu-dents pursuing science, technology, en-gineering, and math fields. Brook is a senior at Pahranagat Valley High School in the Lincoln County School District and serves as student body president. Haydn attends Davidson Academy of Nevada in Reno and has excelled in his scientific pursuits. Both Brook and Haydn were selected for ex-cellence in their academic studies. These students are shining examples of what hard work and determination can accomplish, and they should be proud of their accomplishments. Today I ask my colleagues to join me and all Nevadans in congratulating Mackenzie, Brook, and Haydn in this achievement and in wishing them well in their fu-ture endeavors.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING KIMMIE CANDY ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Joe Dutra and all of those contributing at Kimmie Candy for receiving the President’s ‘‘E’’ Award for Exports. This award is truly prestigious and given to only the most ambitious companies making a signifi-cant contribution to the expansion of U.S. exports. As founder, CEO, and president of Kimmie Candy, Joe first established the company on a farm in his home-town of Sacramento, CA. By 2003, the company had made great strides and won ‘‘product of the year’’ at the an-nual Candy Grammys held in Long Beach, CA. In 2005, Joe relocated to Reno, NV, with the goal of creating more American jobs. Just 2 years later, Joe purchased the building that is now Kimmie Candy’s production facility, and by 2008, the candy company was fully operational. Within the next year, Joe took the company international and increased sales in the United States, Canada, Mexico, the Phil-ippines, South America, and the Middle East. Since its opening, the company has grown to 36 employees and con-tinues to expand. I have toured the fa-cility on multiple occasions and am al-ways impressed by this successful busi-ness. Joe’s work in creating job oppor-tunities in Nevada has not gone unno-ticed, and I am thankful to have Kimmie Candy operating in our great State. In 1961, President John F. Kennedy signed an executive order to revive the World War II ‘‘E’’ symbol of excellence. The President’s ‘‘E’’ Award aims to honor companies across the country that have contributed to America’s ex-ports by demonstrating export growth for over 4 years. Kimmie Candy is one of only 123 companies that was honored with this award. Without a doubt, Joe’s work at Kimmie Candy warrants this significant accolade. Today, I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in congratulating my friend Joe and the entire Kimmie Candy family for receiving this na-tional award. I am thankful for every-thing Joe has contributed to the city of Reno and our State, and I wish him well as he continues his endeavors at Kimmie Candy.∑ f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF BON SECOURS ST. MARY’S HOSPITAL ∑Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 50th anniversary of the Bon Secours St. Mary’s Hospital, the first hospital in the Bon Secours Richmond Health System. This not-for- profit Catholic health system, which is comprised of four hospitals in the greater Richmond metropolitan area, serves some of the neediest populations throughout central Virginia. St. Mary’s founding was rooted in a strong history of providing care. In 1824, in Paris, 12 women formed the congregation of the Sisters of Bon Secours, French for ‘‘Good Help.’’ The Sisters’ purpose was to nurse the sick and dying in their homes. The Sisters of Bon Secours came to the United States in 1881, where they continued their work of aiding the poor, the sick, and the dying in their homes. In 1966, Bon Secours expanded its mission with the opening of St. Mary’s Hospital. Through its history, Bon Secours Rich-mond has stayed true to its founding principles through its community out-reach and commitment to serving the neediest among us. For the past 50 years, St. Mary’s Hos-pital has provided critical health serv-ices including cardiac, orthopedic, women’s pediatric, surgery, oncology, imaging, neurology, and emergency services. St. Mary’s Hospital ranks in the top 10 percent of America’s hos-pitals for emergency care. Today St. Mary’s employs over 3,000 employees, including more than 1,000 physicians. Bon Secours’ mission is to bring com-passion to health care and to be good help to those in need. I commend St. Mary’s Hospital on behalf of my con-stituents for its commitment to health care excellence and service to the pa-tients and families in the greater Rich-mond area.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GAS TECHNOLOGY INSTITUTE ∑Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I would like to honor the Gas Technology Insti-tute, GTI, and its dedicated employees as they celebrate their 75th anniver-sary. Headquartered in Des Plaines, IL, GTI is a leading nonprofit research de-velopment organization in my home State, working diligently to address key global energy and environmental challenges. A proven leader over the past three- quarters of a century, GTI continues to develop high-impact technologies, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.061 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3286 May 26, 2016 
unlocking the economic potential of domestic energy resources, while re-ducing the environmental footprint of fossil fuels. Founded as the Institute of Gas Technology in 1941, the institute worked closely with the Illinois Insti-tute of Technology to train graduate engineers to lead the development of the gas industry. As national focus shifted to gas research and develop-ment in the 1970s, the Gas Research In-stitute took shape to focus on natural gas supply, transportation, distribu-tion, and utilization. In 2000, these two renowned programs united under the GTI umbrella where they continue to build off of past successes as a premier research, development, and training or-ganization serving the global natural gas and energy markets. GTI’s most profound successes are known across the globe. From cata-lyzing the U.S. shale gas revolution through innovative research and devel-opment in the 1980s and 1990s, to help-ing to put the first hydrogen fuel cell bus on the road in 2006, to its 65 patents on high-efficiency, low-NO
Xburners and systems, GTI has a strong industry reputation for innovation and con-ducting the work necessary to ensure our domestic supplies are utilized to their full potential while national and global priorities continue to shift. Our Nation continues to benefit from GTI’s expertise in developing gas distribution technologies and reducing energy de-livery costs, as well as innovations in the detection, quantification, and miti-gation of methane emissions from the natural gas sector. Its current efforts with the hydraulic fracturing test site will continue this tradition, improving air and water quality by increasing en-vironmentally sustainable extraction methods. I congratulate and commend GTI for their continued commitment to pro-viding technology-based solutions that expand U.S. energy production and fos-ter economic growth, while also mini-mizing impacts to the environment. GTI’s efforts in the past, present, and future are key to boosting American competitiveness, and I look forward to celebrating future milestones. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HARTFORD STEAM BOILER INSPECTION AND INSURANCE COMPANY ∑Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, 150 years ago, as the United States and the world advanced out of the industrial revolution, several young businessmen formed the Hartford Steam Boiler In-spection and Insurance Company, HSB, in Hartford, CT. I am proud to rep-resent this company and want to con-gratulate HSB on its 150th anniversary for its vital contribution to the econ-omy of Connecticut, as well as the rest of the Nation. During the industrial revolution in the mid-to-late 19th century, steam boilers were used to drive industrial machinery, locomotives, and steam-boats. Steam-powered engines allowed for the rapid growth and expansion of industry in the United States; these engines enabled the effective transpor-tation of goods across the country. Steam power also permitted factories in Connecticut to produce and market goods more efficiently than ever be-fore. The tremendous benefits provided by steam engines and boilers, however, came with considerable risks. During the 1850s, boiler explosions occurred at an estimated rate of once every 4 days. Believing that better materials, better design, and regular inspections could reduce the number of dangerous boiler explosions, in 1857, several Hartford en-trepreneurs started ‘‘the Polytechnic Club,’’ as a means to discuss practical changes to boilers that could mitigate the chances of worker injury and death. These discussions helped lead to the formation of HSB. The Hartford Steam Boiler Inspec-tion and Insurance Company was offi-cially founded in 1866 on the premise that quality boiler inspections would enhance industrial safety, and that in-surance provides a valuable financial incentive to ensure businesses conduct these inspections. From its founding, HSB’s primary goals have been to im-prove safety and prevent losses for in-dustrial businesses. Today HSB continues to set the standard for equipment breakdown in-surance, as well as a variety of other insurance products. I am proud to honor this company’s long and distin-guished role in America’s industrial economy. Congratulations to the Hart-ford Steam Boiler Inspection and In-surance Company, and best of luck in the years to come.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING THE COLUMBUS ASIAN FESTIVAL ∑Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to acknowledge the 22st annual Columbus Asian Festival as we cele-brate the month of May as Asian Pa-cific American Heritage Month. The first Asian Festival was held in 1995 with a mission to promote the impor-tance of cultural diversity in building a vibrant, prosperous, and healthy com-munity. Since then, the Asian Festival continues to fulfill its mission and at-tracts over 100,000 visitors annually to the central Ohio region. The Asian Festival offers a variety of activities for the community high-lighting the culture of Asia and the Pa-cific Islands. The values of the Asian Festival include the following: show-casing cultural heritage, advocating the importance of lifelong learning and education, providing a fun and enter-taining experience, nurturing commu-nity collaboration and strong relation-ships, fostering a healthy lifestyle and quality of life, and serving with integ-rity. Visitors to the Asian Festival will experience hands-on art demonstra-tions, interactive dance performances, Asian music, Tai chi, martial arts workshops, Asian games, Asian cuisine, and much more. I am honored to be participating this year in the Asian Festival during its opening ceremony to see firsthand how this important event celebrates the rich tradition of Asian Pacific heritage and promotes cultural diversity in Ohio. Congratulations to all who were in-volved in making it a success. ∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 9:50 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4909. An act to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. H.R. 5233. An act to repeal the Local Budg-et Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the respective roles of the Dis-trict government and Congress in the local budget process of the District government, and for other purposes. 
At 3:40 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4974. An act making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. H.R. 5243. An act making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, to strengthen public health activities in re-sponse to the Zika virus, and for other pur-poses. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bill, with amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 2012. An act to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House insists upon its amendment to the bill (S. 2012) to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.063 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3287 May 26, 2016 
United States, and for other purposes, and asks a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon; and appoints the fol-lowing Members as managers of the conference on the part of the House: From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of the Senate bill, and the House amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. U
PTON , BARTON , WHIT-
FIELD , SHIMKUS , LATTA , Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , Messrs. O LSON , M CKINLEY , P
OMPEO , GRIFFITH , JOHNSON of Ohio, F
LORES , MULLIN , PALLONE , RUSH, Mrs. C
APPS , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Messrs. S
ARBANES , WELCH , BEN R
AYLujan of New Mexico, T ONKO and L
OEBSACK . From the Committee on Agriculture, for consideration of sections 3017, 3305, 4501, 4502, 5002, part II of subtitle C of title X, and section 10233 of the Senate bill, and sections 1116 and 5013 of divi-sion A, division B, and sections 1031, 1032, 1035–1037, subtitle K of title I, sec-tion 2013, subtitles F, M, and Q of title II, and title XXV of division C of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. C
ON-
AWAY , THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and P
ETERSON . From the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for consideration of sections 2308, 3001, part II of title II, 3017, 3104, 3109, 3201, 3301–3306, 3308–3312, 4006, 4401, 4403, 4405, 4407, 4410, 4412–4414, title V, section 6001, subtitle A of title VI, sec-tion 6202, title VII, title IX, subtitles A, B, and C of title X, parts I, II, III, and IV of subtitle D of title X, and sections 10341 and 10345 of the Senate bill, and sections 1115 and 1116 of division A, di-vision B, and division C of the House amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. B
ISHOP of Utah, Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mrs. L UMMIS , Messrs. D
ENHAM , W ESTERMAN , G RI-
JALVA , HUFFMAN , and Mrs. D INGELL . From the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology for consider-ation of sections 1014, 1201, 1203, 1301– 1304, 1306–1308, 1310, 1311, 2002, 2301, 2401, part III of subtitle A of title III, sec-tions 3101, 3302, 3307, 3402, 3403, 3501, 3502, 4001, 4002, 4006, 4101, subtitle C of title IV, sections 4402, 4404, 4406, 4720, 4721, 4727, 4728, and 4737 of the Senate bill, and section 1109 and title VII of di-vision A, and division D of the House amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. S
MITH of Texas, W
EBER of Texas, and Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. From the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure for consider-ation of sections 1005, 1006, 1010, 1014, 1016–1019, 1022, 3001, 4724, title VII, and section 10331 of the Senate bill, and sections 2007, 3116, 3117, and 3141 of divi-sion A, and title IX of division B, sub-title D of title II of division C of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. H
ARDY , ZELDIN , and D EFAZIO. The message further announced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2577) mak-ing appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with an amendment, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate. The message also announced that the House insists upon its amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and asks a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and that Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Ms. G RANGER , Messrs. C
OLE, D ENT, F ORTENBERRY , R
OONEY of Florida, V ALADAO , Mrs. R
OBY, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Messrs. S
ERRANO , BISHOP of Georgia, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ be man-agers of the conference on the part of the House. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1887. An act to authorize the Comp-troller General of the United States to assess a study on the alternatives for the disposi-tion of Plum Island Animal Disease Center, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 5233. An act to repeal the Local Budg-et Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the respective roles of the Dis-trict government and Congress in the local budget process of the District government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bills were read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 4909. An act to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. H.R. 4974. An act making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
S. 3011. A bill to improve the account-ability, efficiency, transparency, and overall effectiveness of the Federal Government. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: EC–5591. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guaranteed Loanmaking and Serv-icing Regulations’’ (RIN0570–AA85) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5592. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Af-fairs), transmitting legislative proposals rel-ative to the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–5593. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a six-month periodic report relative to the continuation of the national emergency with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction that was originally de-clared in Executive Order 12938 of November 14, 1994; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5594. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Chief Financial Officer, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Variable Annual Fee Structure for Small Modular Reactors’’ ((RIN3150–AI54) (NRC–2008–0664)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5595. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Review of the Allotment of the Clean Water State Revolving Fund (CWSRF)’’; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5596. A communication from the Chair-man of the United States International Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Trans-Pacific Part-nership Agreement: Likely Impact on the U.S. Economy and on Specific Industry Sec-tors’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5597. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on 2015 Trafficking in Persons Report Tier 3 to Tier 2 Watch List Upgrades’’; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–5598. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2016–0066—2016–0070); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5599. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Policy, Wage and Hour Division, Department of Labor, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defining and Delimiting the Exemp-tions for Executive, Administrative, Profes-sional, Outside Sales and Computer Employ-ees’’ (RIN1235–AA11) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5600. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2014 Distribution of Funds Under Sec-tion 330 of the Public Health Service Act Re-port to Congress’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5601. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.009 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3288 May 26, 2016 
Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report in Response to the Sunscreen Innovation Act (P.L. 113–195) Section 586G’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5602. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Newborn Screening Program; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5603. A communication from the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Veterans Affairs’ Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5604. A communication from the Acting Chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and the Chairman’s Semiannual Report on Final Action Resulting from Audit Reports, Inspection Reports, and Evaluation Reports for the period from October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5605. A communication from the Chief Information Security Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s 2015 Federal Infor-mation Security Management Act (FISMA) and Agency Privacy Management Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5606. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–392, ‘‘Repeal of Outdated and Unnecessary Audit Mandates Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5607. A communication from the Chair of the Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General and a Management Report for the period from Oc-tober 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5608. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Office of Commu-nity Oriented Policing Services (COPS) An-nual Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–5609. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Vice Admiral William H. Hilarides, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5610. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General Robert E. Schmidle, Jr., United States Ma-rine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5611. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5612. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5613. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, Department of the Treasury, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Customer Due Diligence Require-ments for Financial Institutions’’ (RIN1506– AB25) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–5614. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, Department of the Treasury, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Imposition of Special Measure against FBME Bank Ltd., formerly known as Federal Bank of the Middle East Ltd., as a Financial Institution of Primary Money Laundering Concern’’ (RIN1506–AB27) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5615. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘EPAAR Clause for Level of Effect— Cost-Reimbursement Contract’’ (FRL No. 9946–47–OARM) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5616. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; State of California; Re-vised Format of 40 CFR Part 52 for Materials Incorporated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9942– 49–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5617. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; ME; Control of Volatile Organic Compound Emissions from Fiberglass Boat Manufacturing and Surface Coating Facilities’’ (FRL No. 9946–94–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5618. A communication from the Fed-eral Co-Chair, Appalachian Regional Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5619. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report relative to a va-cancy for the position of General Counsel, Department of Transportation, received in the office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5620. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Lake of the Ozarks, Lakeside, MO’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0276)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5621. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘An-chorage Regulations; Delaware River, Phila-delphia, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA01) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0825)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5622. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Youngs Bay, Astoria, OR’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0090)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5623. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zone; Port of New York, moving Secu-rity Zone; Canadian Naval Vessels’’ ((RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0215)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5624. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone, Block Island Wind Farm; Rhode Island Sound, RI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0026)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5625. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, Min-neapolis, MN’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0337)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5626. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; National Grid—Beck Lockport 104 and Beck Harper 106 Removal Project; Ni-agara River, Lewiston, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0265)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5627. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Navy UNDET, Apra Outer Harbor and Piti, GU’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2016–0274)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5628. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pacific Ocean, North Shore Oahu, HI—Recovery Operations’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0272)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5629. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.017 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3289 May 26, 2016 
‘‘Safety Zone; Newport Beach Harbor Grand Canal Bridge Construction; Newport Beach, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0227)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5630. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Hudson River, Jersey City, NJ, Manhattan, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2016–0109)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5631. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Annual events requiring safe-ty zones in the Captain of the Port Lake Michigan zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–1081)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5632. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Cape Fear River; Southport, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0306)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5633. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; San Francisco State Gradua-tion Fireworks Display, San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0177)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5634. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zone; Tall-Ship CUAUHTEMOC; Thames River, New London Harbor, New London, CT’’ ((RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0250)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5635. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Upper Mississippi River be-tween mile 179.2 and 180.5, St. Louis, MO and between mile 839.5 and 840, St. Paul, MN’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0354)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5636. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Sabine River, Orange, Texas’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0321)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: POM–171. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to treat mineral and gas production in the Gulf Coastal states in a manner that is at least equal to onshore oil, gas, and coal produc-tion in interior states for revenue purposes; and to rectify the revenue sharing inequities between coastal and interior energy pro-ducing states in order to address the nation-ally significant crisis of wetland loss in the state of Louisiana; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 66 Whereas, since 1920, interior states have been allowed to keep fifty percent of the oil, gas, and coal production revenues generated in their states from mineral production on federal lands within their borders, including royalties, severance taxes, and bonuses; and Whereas, coastal states with onshore and offshore oil and gas production face inequi-ties under the federal energy policies be-cause those coastal states have not been party to this same level of revenue sharing partnership with the federal government; and Whereas, coastal energy producing states have a limited partnership with the federal government that provides for them to retain very little revenue generated from their off-shore energy production, energy that is pro-duced for use throughout the nation; and Whereas, in 2006 congress passed the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act (GOMESA) that will fully go into effect in 2017; an act that calls for a sharing of thirty-seven and five tenths percent of coastal production rev-enues with four gulf states with a cap of five hundred million dollars per year; and Whereas, the Fixing America’s Inequities with Revenues (FAIR) Act would have ad-dressed the inequity suffered by coastal oil and gas producing states by accelerating the implementation of GOMESA as well as by gradually lifting all revenue sharing caps but the legislation died with the close of the pre-vious congress; and Whereas, with the state and its offshore waters taken alone, Louisiana is the ninth largest producer of oil in the United States in 2014 while including offshore oil from fed-eral waters, it was the second largest oil pro-ducer in the country; and when taken alone Louisiana was the fourth largest producer of gas in the United States in 2013 while includ-ing the Gulf of Mexico waters, it was the sec-ond largest producer in the United States; and Whereas, with nineteen operating refin-eries in the state, Louisiana was second only to Texas as of January 2014 in both total and operating refinery capacity, accounting for nearly one-fifth of the nation’s total refining capacity; and Whereas, Louisiana’s contributions to the United States Strategic Petroleum Reserve with two facilities located in the state con-sisting of twenty-nine caverns capable of holding nearly three hundred million barrels of crude oil; and Whereas, with three onshore liquified nat-ural gas facilities, more than any other state in the country, and the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port, the nation’s only deepwater oil port, Louisiana plays an essential role in the movement of natural gas from the United States Gulf Coast region to markets throughout the country; and Whereas, it is apparent that Louisiana plays an essential role in supplying the na-tion with energy and it is vital to the secu-rity of our nation’s energy supply, roles that should be recognized and compensated at an appropriate revenue sharing level; and Whereas, the majority of the oil and gas production from the Gulf of Mexico enters the United States through coastal Louisiana with all of the infrastructure necessary to receive and transport such production, infra-structure that has for many decades dam-aged the coastal areas of Louisiana, an im-pact that should be compensated through ap-propriate revenue sharing with the federal government; and Whereas, because Louisiana is losing more coastal wetlands than any other state in the country, in 2006 the people of Louisiana over-whelmingly approved a constitutional amendment dedicating revenues received from Outer Continental Shelf oil and gas ac-tivity to the Coastal Protection and Restora-tion Fund for the purposes of coastal protec-tion, including conservation, coastal restora-tion, hurricane protection, and infrastruc-ture directly impacted by coastal wetland losses; and Whereas, the state of Louisiana has devel-oped a science-based ‘‘Comprehensive Master Plan for a Sustainable Coast’’ which identi-fies and prioritizes the most efficient and ef-fective projects in order to meet the state’s critical coastal protection and restoration needs; and Whereas, the Coastal Protection and Res-toration Authority is making great progress implementing the projects in the ‘‘Com-prehensive Master Plan for a Sustainable Coast’’ with all available funding, projects that are essential to the protection of the in-frastructure that is critical to the energy needs of the United States; and Whereas, in order to properly compensate the coastal states for the infrastructure de-mands that result from production of energy and fuels that heat and cool the nation’s homes, offices, and businesses and fuel the nation’s transportation needs, revenue shar-ing for coastal states needs to be at the same rate as interior states that produce oil, gas, and coal: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Legislature of Louisiana does hereby memorialize the United States Congress to take such actions as are nec-essary to treat mineral and gas production in the Gulf Coastal states in a manner that is at least equal to onshore oil, gas, and coal production in interior states for revenue pur-poses; and to rectify the revenue sharing in-equities between coastal and interior energy producing states in order to address the na-tionally significant crisis of wetland loss in the state of Louisiana; and be it further Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution be transmitted to the presiding officers of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States of America and to each member of the Louisiana con-gressional delegation. 
POM–172. A concurrent resolution adopted by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio urging the United States Congress to in-crease NIH funding levels for research in and development of the closed-loop system and islet cell transplantation so that those who are suffering from type 1 diabetes will have expedited access to such technology; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NUMBER 2 Whereas, More than one million Americans have been diagnosed with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, also known as type 1 dia-betes; and Whereas, Type 1 diabetes is a disease that frequently strikes children suddenly, makes them dependent on insulin for life, and car-ries the constant threat of life-threatening complications; and Whereas, The number of diagnoses of type 1 diabetes is growing at an alarming rate; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.020 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3290 May 26, 2016 
Whereas, The cost of type 1 diabetes, in-cluding medical expenses and lost produc-tivity, is billions of dollars per year; and Whereas, Type 1 diabetes is a leading cause of blindness, kidney failure, amputations, heart disease, and death; and Whereas, Medical and technological ad-vances in the development of the closed-loop insulin delivery system, or ‘‘artificial pancrease,’’ and in the development of islet cell transplantation therapy have created meaningful and realistic pathways to a cure of type 1 diabetes; and Whereas, Adequate federal funding for re-search and development involving the closed-loop system and islet cell transplan-tation will result in positive medical out-comes for millions of americans who are af-fected by type 1 diabetes and, thereby, ame-liorate widespread human suffering and pre-serve billions of dollars in taxpayer funds; and Whereas, Current levels of funding des-ignated for the efforts of The National Insti-tutes of Health (NIH) in advancing the tech-nology associated with the closed-loop sys-tem and islet cell transplantation are inad-equate, and an increase in funding for NIH’s efforts will expedite the refining of and ac-cess to these important medical treatments and procedures: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That we, the members of the 131st general assembly of the state of Ohio, in adopting this resolution, urge the Congress of the United States to increase NIH funding levels for research in and development of the closed-loop system and islet cell transplan-tation so that those who are suffering from type i diabetes will have expedited access to such technology, thus enhancing health care while saving billions of dollars in health care costs and lost productivity; and be it further Resolved, That the clerk of the Senate transmit duly authenticated copies of this resolution to the President Pro Tempore and Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representatives, each member of the Ohio Congressional delegation, and the news media of Ohio. 
POM–173. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the State of Illi-nois urging the President of the United States to select and nominate a candidate to be an Associate Justice for the Supreme Court of the United States; urging the United States Senate Judiciary Committee to promptly schedule confirmations hearings for the President’s nominee followed by a re-corded vote recommending confirmation; and urging the full Senate to vote to confirm such nomination; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 1022 Whereas, Article III, Section I of the United States Constitution vests judicial au-thority ‘‘in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish’’; and Whereas, The United States Congress passed the Judiciary Act of 1789, fixing the number of Supreme Court justices at 6; and Whereas, In an effort to avoid an evenly di-vided Court, the Judiciary Act of 1869 in-creased membership on the Court to one Chief Justice, and 8 Associate Justices; that number has remained unchanged; and Whereas, Antonin Scalia became an Asso-ciate Justice on the Supreme Court after being nominated by President Ronald Reagan in 1986; Justice Scalia was confirmed by the United States Senate 98–0; he was sworn in on September 26, 1986; and Whereas, The death of Justice Scalia has effectively placed the Court in ideological gridlock with respect to liberal and conserv-ative interpretations of the Constitution; and Whereas, The Court now consists of 4 mem-bers appointed by Republican presidents: Chief Justice John Roberts, Justice Anthony Kennedy, Justice Clarence Thomas, and Jus-tice Samuel Alito; and 4 members appointed by Democratic presidents: Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Justice Stephen Breyer, Justice Sonia Sotomayor, and Justice Elena Kagan; and Whereas, A Supreme Court term begins on the first Monday in October, and continues until late June or early July of the following year; the final day of the 2016 term will be June 26, 2016; the Court continues to hear oral arguments until April 26, 2016; and Whereas, There are currently 74 cases on the Court docket; with the absence of Jus-tice Scalia, many of those cases could be de-cided 4–4; in that event, the decisions of the lower courts will stand; and Whereas, In its current term, the Court will hear cases on a variety of issues affect-ing millions of Americans, such as affirma-tive action, immigration, reproductive rights, redistricting, and labor practices; and Whereas, Pursuant to Article II, Section 1 of the Constitution, Barack Obama was elected President of the United States in 2008, and again in 2012; his presidency will end on January 20, 2017; and Whereas, Article II, Section II of the Con-stitution provides that the President ‘‘shall nominate’’ judges of the Supreme Court with the ‘‘Advice and Consent of the Senate’’; and Whereas, The Democratic and Republican Presidential nominating conventions will take place in July of 2016; the Presidential election will take place on November 8, 2016; a new President will not be inaugurated until January 20, 2017, at which time that President will have the power to nominate judges; however, until that time, the power to nominate remains with President Barack Obama; and Whereas, In 1916, Justice Louis Brandeis was confirmed as the 67th Associate Justice of the Supreme Court after 4 months of scru-tiny, representing the longest confirmation process in American history; during which time, the Senate Judiciary Committee held the first public hearings on the nomination of a justice; he was sworn in on June 6, 1916, a presidential election year: and Whereas, Justice Anthony Kennedy is the most senior member of the Court today; he was nominated by President Ronald Reagan on November 30, 1987; he was confirmed unanimously by a Senate controlled by Democrats on February 3, 1988 and was sworn in on February 18, 1988, during the last year of Reagan’s presidency; and Whereas, Additional Supreme Court jus-tices nominated and confirmed during the final year of a presidency include: Oliver Ellsworth, Samuel Chase, William Johnson, Philip Barbour, Roger Taney, Melville Fuller, Lucius Lamar, George Shiras. Mahlon Pitney, John Clarke, Benjamin Cardozo, and Frank Murphy: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, by the House of Representatives of the Ninety-Ninth General Asssembly of the State of Illinois, That we urge President Barack Obama to select and nominate a candidate to be an Associate Justice for the U.S Supreme Court in a timely manner and that the nomi-nee both liberalize and truly diversify the Court; and be it further Resolved, That we urge the Judiciary Com-mittee of the United States Senate to promptly schedule confirmation hearings for the President’s nominee followed by a re-corded vote recommending confirmation; and be it further Resolved, That we urge the full Senate to vote to confirm such nomination; and be it further Resolved, That suitable copies of this reso-lution be delivered to President of the United States, Barack Obama; Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Chuck Grassley; Vice-President, Joe Biden; Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, John Roberts: and Senators Dick Durbin and Mark Kirk of Illinois. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 2127. A bill to provide appropriate pro-tections to probationary Federal employees, to provide the Special Counsel with adequate access to information, to provide greater awareness of Federal whistleblower protec-tions, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 262). By Mr. COCHRAN, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3000. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–263). By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3001. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 264). By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Report to accompany S. 552, A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to provide for increased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control (Rept. No. 114–265). Report to accompany S. 966, A bill to ex-tend the low-interest refinancing provisions under the Local Development Business Loan Program of the Small Business Administra-tion (Rept. No. 114–266). Report to accompany S. 967, A bill to re-quire the Small Business Administration to make information relating to lenders mak-ing covered loans publicly available, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–267). Report to accompany S. 1001, A bill to es-tablish authorization levels for general busi-ness loans for fiscal years 2015 and 2016 (Rept. No. 114–268). Report to accompany S. 1292, A bill to amend the Small Business Act to treat cer-tain qualified disaster areas as HUBZones and to extend the period for HUBZone treat-ment for certain base closure areas, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–269). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mrs. E RNST , and Mr. C ORNYN ): S. 2993. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to change the spill prevention, control, and countermeasure rule with respect to certain farms; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 2994. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prevent the abuse 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.015 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3291 May 26, 2016 
of dextromethorphan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. PAUL: S. 2995. A bill to amend the Truth in Lend-ing Act to provide a safe harbor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mortgage loans held on an originating depository institution’s port-folio, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. M AR-
KEY): S. 2996. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to phase out tax pref-erences for fossil fuels on the same schedule as the phase out of the tax credits for wind facilities; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. B
OOKER , and Mr. S CHUMER ): S. 2997. A bill to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to commence pro-ceedings related to the resiliency of critical telecommunications networks during times of emergency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. COATS: S. 2998. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure prompt cov-erage of breakthrough devices under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. S
COTT): S. 2999. A bill to prohibit the transfer of any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. COCHRAN: S. 3000. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Ap-propriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. HOEVEN: S. 3001. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; from the Com-mittee on Appropriations; placed on the cal-endar. By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ): S. 3002. A bill to amend title 4, United States Code, to encourage the display of the flag of the United States on National Viet-nam War Veterans Day; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 3003. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to deem certain service in the organized military forces of the Government of the Commonwealth of the Philippines and the Philippine Scouts to have been active service for purposes of benefits under pro-grams administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 3004. A bill to make technical correc-tions to the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 3005. A bill to establish the Alaska Land Use Council, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 3006. A bill to provide for the exchange of certain National Forest System land and non-Federal land in the State of Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. SASSE, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. B
URR, and Mr. I NHOFE ): S. 3007. A bill to prohibit funds from being obligated or expended to aid, support, per-mit, or facilitate the certification or ap-proval of any new sensor for use by the Rus-sian Federation on observation flights under the Open Skies Treaty unless the President submits a certification related to such sen-sor to Congress and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. R EED, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): S. 3008. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come certain discharges of student loan in-debtedness; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 3009. A bill to support entrepreneurs serving in the National Guard and Reserve, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 3010. A bill to provide for restrictions re-lated to nuclear cooperation with the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. JOHNSON: S. 3011. A bill to improve the account-ability, efficiency, transparency, and overall effectiveness of the Federal Government; read the first time. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 3012. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to establish an Office of Public Partici-pation and Consumer Advocacy; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. TESTER: S. 3013. A bill to authorize and implement the water rights compact among the Confed-erated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of the Flathead Indian Reservation, the State of Montana, and the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. DAINES: S. 3014. A bill to improve the management of Indian forest land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. CASEY: S. 3015. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to direct the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to provide for infor-mational materials to educate and prevent addiction in teenagers and adolescents who are injured playing youth sports and subse-quently prescribed an opioid; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. E
NZI, and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 3016. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permit the disclosure of certain tax return information for the pur-pose of missing or exploited children inves-tigations; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. D UR-
BIN, and Mr. M URPHY ): S. Res. 479. A resolution urging the Gov-ernment of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to comply with constitutional limits on presidential terms and fulfill its constitu-tional mandate for a democratic transition of power in 2016; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. MURPHY , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. Res. 480. A resolution supporting the designation of May 2016 as ‘‘Mental Health Month’’ ; considered and agreed to. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. K IRK, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): S. Res. 481. A resolution recognizing the significance of May 2016 as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and as an impor-tant time to celebrate the significant con-tributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers to the history of the United States; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 122 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 122, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow for the personal importation of safe and affordable drugs from approved pharmacies in Canada. 
S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program. 
S. 398 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 398, a bill to amend the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 and title 38, United States Code, to require the pro-vision of chiropractic care and services to veterans at all Department of Vet-erans Affairs medical centers and to expand access to such care and serv-ices, and for other purposes. 
S. 616 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 616, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide re-cruitment and retention incentives for volunteer emergency service workers. 
S. 629 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 629, a bill to enable hospital-based nursing programs that are affiliated with a hospital to maintain payments under the Medicare program to hos-pitals for the costs of such programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.023 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3292 May 26, 2016 
S. 812 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 812, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 1100 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1100, a bill to require State and local government approval of prescribed burns on Federal land dur-ing conditions of drought or fire dan-ger. 
S. 1151 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1151, a bill to amend title IX of the Public Health Service Act to re-vise the operations of the United States Preventive Services Task Force, and for other purposes. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1169, a bill to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
S. 1175 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1175, a bill to improve the safety of hazardous materials rail transpor-tation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1892 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1892, a bill to provide for loan repayment for teachers in high- need schools. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. At the request of Mr. K
AINE, his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1982, supra. 
S. 2346 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2346, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to temporarily allow expensing of certain costs of replanting citrus plants lost by reason of cas-ualty. S. 2464 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2464, a bill to implement equal protec-tion under the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States for the right to life of each born and preborn human person. 
S. 2540 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2540, a bill to provide access to counsel for unaccompanied children and other vulnerable populations. 
S. 2641 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2641, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act, in relation to requiring adrenoleukodystrophy screening of newborns. 
S. 2680 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 2680, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to provide com-prehensive mental health reform, and for other purposes. 
S. 2736 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2736, a bill to improve access to durable medical equipment for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2770 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2770, a bill to amend the Com-munications Act of 1934 to require pro-viders of a covered service to provide call location information concerning the telecommunications device of a user of such service to an investigative or law enforcement officer in an emer-gency situation involving risk of death or serious physical injury or in order to respond to the user’s call for emer-gency services. 
S. 2873 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2873, a bill to re-quire studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to improve programs of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes. 
S. 2875 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. PERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2875, a bill to provide for the elimi-nation or modification of Federal re-porting requirements. 
S. 2921 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2921, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the account-ability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve health care and benefits for veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2924 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
UR-
PHY), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Sen-ator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2924, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to former United States Senator Max Cleland. 
S. 2934 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2934, a bill to ensure that all individ-uals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the na-tional instant criminal background check system and require a background check for every firearm sale. 
S. 2944 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2944, a bill to require adequate re-porting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefit program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2951 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2951, a bill to amend the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 to impose pen-alties and provide for the recovery of removal costs and damages in connec-tion with certain discharges of oil from foreign offshore units, and for other purposes. 
S. 2971 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2971, a bill to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System. 
S. 2977 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2977, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish an excise tax on the production and im-portation of opioid pain relievers, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.025 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3293 May 26, 2016 
S. 2979 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2979, a bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to re-quire candidates of major parties for the office of President to disclose re-cent tax return information. 
S. 2989 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2989, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mariners of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 2992 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2992, a bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management of the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 36 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 36, a concurrent resolution expressing support of the goal of ensur-ing that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Fed-eral Republic of Germany to reaffirm its commitment to that goal through a financial commitment to comprehen-sively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs. 
S. RES. 340 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 340, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and al- Sham (ISIS or Da’esh) is committing genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes, and calling upon the President to work with foreign govern-ments and the United Nations to pro-vide physical protection for ISIS’ tar-gets, to support the creation of an international criminal tribunal with jurisdiction to punish these crimes, and to use every reasonable means, in-cluding sanctions, to destroy ISIS and disrupt its support networks. 
S. RES. 472 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 472, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the economy of the United States. 
S. RES. 478 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 478, a resolution ex-pressing support for the designation of June 2, 2016, as ‘‘National Gun Violence Awareness Day’’ and June 2016 as ‘‘Na-tional Gun Violence Awareness Month’’. AMENDMENT NO . 4067 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Mon-tana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 4067 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4068 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4068 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4069 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4069 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4071 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 4071 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4085 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4085 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4097 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. FRANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4097 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4098 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4098 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4120 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4120 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4124 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, his name was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 4124 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4136 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4136 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4138 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Sen-ator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4138 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:28 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.026 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3294 May 26, 2016 
activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4143 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4143 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4146 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4146 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4155 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Kan-sas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 4155 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4157 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4157 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4165 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4165 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4172 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. BOXER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4172 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4175 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELL-
ER) was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 4175 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4204 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4204 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4215 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 4215 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4217 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4217 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4235 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4235 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. B
OOKER , and Mr. S CHUMER ): S. 2997. A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to com-mence proceedings related to the resil-iency of critical telecommunications networks during times of emergency, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I am pleased to have worked with Senator C
ANTWELL and Senator S CHUMER to in-troduce the SANDy Act today which would provide much needed certainty and resiliency to our communications networks during times of natural dis-aster or emergency. Severe weather and emergencies can have devastating effects on commu-nities, as New Jersey knows all too well. In the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy, we experienced loss in our com-munications networks including phone and Internet services. Natural disasters are one of the most important times to maintain access to 9–1–1 in order to ob-tain lifesaving services. Just this week, this legislation passed the House with overwhelming bipartisan support, including from the New Jersey delegation led by Congress-man P
ALLONE ’s efforts. I hope the Sen-ate will now turn its attention to this important matter and move this initia-tive forward to the benefit of New Jerseyans and people across the coun-try. I am further pleased that phone serv-ice providers entered into a voluntary agreement last month in order to pro-vide service to consumers during times of emergency, regardless of the net-work the consumer subscribes to in that area. The SANDy Act expresses the Sense of Congress that this agreement should continue to be adhered to in order to best serve 9–1–1 professionals, first re-sponders, and local governments in ac-cessing communications services dur-ing times of emergency. Further, the legislation collects addi-tional data on network security during times of disaster and the resiliency of telecommunications networks power utility during times of emergency. With additional information and data, we can better prepare for disasters and ensure our networks operate at the best of their ability when severe storms strike. Finally, the legislation provides au-thority to FEMA to reimburse costs as-sociated with restoring and repairing critical communications services to first responders and communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.027 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3295 May 26, 2016 
The SANDy Act is an important step toward better protecting and pre-serving vital communications net-works when disaster strikes. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
By Mr. DAINES: S. 3014. A bill to improve the manage-ment of Indian forest land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3014 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tribal For-estry Participation and Protection Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PROTECTION OF TRIBAL FOREST ASSETS THROUGH USE OF STEWARDSHIP END RESULT CONTRACTING AND OTHER AUTHORITIES. 
(a) P ROMPT CONSIDERATION OF TRIBAL RE-
QUESTS .—Section 2(b) of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than 120 days after the date on which an In-dian tribe submits to the Secretary’’ and in-serting ‘‘In response to the submission by an Indian tribe to the Secretary of’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) T
IME PERIODS FOR CONSIDERATION .— ‘‘(A) I
NITIAL RESPONSE .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a tribal request under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide an initial re-sponse to the Indian tribe regarding whether the request may meet the selection criteria described in subsection (c). ‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF DENIAL .—A notice under subsection (d) of the denial of a tribal re-quest under paragraph (1) shall be provided to the Indian tribe by not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives the request. ‘‘(C) C
OMPLETION .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives a tribal request under paragraph (1), other than a tribal request denied under sub-section (d), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) complete all environmental reviews necessary in connection with the agreement or contract and proposed activities under the agreement or contract; and ‘‘(ii) enter into the agreement or contract with the Indian tribe in accordance with paragraph (2).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AND TECHNICAL AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 2 of the Tribal Forest Pro-tection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a) is amend-ed— (1) in subsections (b)(1) and (f)(1), by strik-ing ‘‘section 347 of the Department of the In-terior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (16 U.S.C. 2104 note; Public Law 105– 277) (as amended by section 323 of the De-partment of the Interior and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2003 (117 Stat. 275))’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c)’’; and (2) in subsection (d), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(1), the Secretary may’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (4)(B) of subsection (b), the Secretary shall’’. SEC. 3. PILOT AUTHORITY FOR RESTORATION OF FEDERAL FOREST LAND BY INDIAN TRIBES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 305 of the Na-tional Indian Forest Resources Management Act (25 U.S.C. 3104) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN NATIONAL FOR-
ESTSYSTEM LAND AND PUBLIC LAND.— ‘‘(1) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this sub-section are— ‘‘(A) to maximize the effective manage-ment of Federal forest land and to assist in the restoration of that land in accordance with the principles of sustained yield; and ‘‘(B) to reduce insect, disease, or wildfire risk to communities, municipal water sup-plies, and other at-risk Federal land by pro-viding for the implementation by Indian tribes of forest restoration projects. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL FOREST LAND .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Federal forest land’ means— ‘‘(I) National Forest System land; and ‘‘(II) public lands (as defined in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702)), including— ‘‘(aa) Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant land re-conveyed to the United States pursuant to the first section of the Act of February 26, 1919 (40 Stat. 1179, chapter 47); and ‘‘(bb) Oregon and California Railroad Grant land. ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘Federal for-est land’ does not include— ‘‘(I) a component of the National Wilder-ness Preservation System; ‘‘(II) a component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System; ‘‘(III) a congressionally designated wilder-ness study area; or ‘‘(IV) an inventoried roadless area within the National Forest System. ‘‘(B) F
OREST LAND MANAGEMENT ACTIVI -
TIES.—The term ‘forest land management ac-tivities’ means activities performed in the management of Indian forest land described in subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) of section 304(4). ‘‘(C) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘Secretary concerned’ means— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-spect to the Federal forest land referred to in subparagraph (A)(i)(I); and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to the Federal forest land referred to in subparagraph (A)(i)(II). ‘‘(3) A
UTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—At the request of an In-dian tribe, the Secretary concerned may treat Federal forest land as Indian forest land for purposes of planning and conducting forest land management activities under this section if the Federal forest land is located within, or mostly within, a geographical area that presents a feature or involves cir-cumstances principally relevant to that In-dian tribe, such as Federal forest land— ‘‘(i) ceded to the United States by treaty or other agreement with that Indian tribe; ‘‘(ii) within the boundaries of a current or former reservation of that Indian tribe; or ‘‘(iii) adjudicated by the Indian Claims Commission or a Federal court to be the tribal homeland of that Indian tribe. ‘‘(B) M
ANAGEMENT .—Federal forest land treated as Indian forest land for purposes of planning and conducting management ac-tivities pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) be managed exclusively under this Act; and ‘‘(ii) remain under the ownership of the Federal agency that owned the Federal for-est land on the day before the date of enact-ment of this subsection. ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .—As part of an agree-ment to treat Federal forest land as Indian forest land under paragraph (3), the Sec-retary concerned and the Indian tribe mak-ing the request shall— ‘‘(A) provide for continued public access and recreation applicable to the Federal for-est land as in existence prior to the agree-ment, except that the Secretary concerned may limit or prohibit that access only for the purpose of— ‘‘(i) protecting human safety; or ‘‘(ii) preventing harm to natural resources; ‘‘(B) continue sharing revenue generated by the Federal forest land with State and local governments on the terms applicable to the Federal forest land prior to the agree-ment, including, as applicable— ‘‘(i) 25-percent payments under the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.); or ‘‘(ii) 50-percent payments under the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a et seq.); ‘‘(C) comply with applicable prohibitions on the export of unprocessed logs harvested from the Federal forest land; ‘‘(D) recognize all right-of-way agreements in place on Federal forest land as in exist-ence prior to the commencement of tribal management activities; ‘‘(E) ensure that any county road within the Federal forest land as in existence prior to the agreement is not adversely impacted; and ‘‘(F) ensure that all commercial timber re-moved from the Federal forest land is sold on a competitive bid basis. ‘‘(5) PROMPT CONSIDERATION OF TRIBAL RE -
QUESTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a re-quest from an Indian tribe under paragraph (3)(A), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) approve or deny the request; and ‘‘(B) if the Secretary approves the request, begin exercising the authority under that paragraph. ‘‘(6) C
ONSULTATION .—To the extent con-sistent with the laws governing the adminis-tration of public lands (as defined in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702)), the Sec-retary concerned shall consult with each State and unit of local government within which Federal forest land is located— ‘‘(A) before entering into an agreement to treat the Federal forest land as Indian forest land under paragraph (3); and ‘‘(B) with respect to an agreement de-scribed in subparagraph (A), in planning and conducting forest land management activi-ties under this section. ‘‘(7) F
OREST MANAGEMENT PLANS .—All for- est land management activities under this subsection on National Forest System land shall be consistent with the applicable forest plan. ‘‘(8) L
IMITATIONS .—The treatment of Fed-eral forest land as Indian forest land for pur-poses of planning and conducting manage-ment activities pursuant to paragraph (3)— ‘‘(A) shall not be considered to designate the Federal forest land as Indian forest land for any other purpose; and ‘‘(B) shall be in accordance with all rel-evant Federal laws applicable to Federal for-est land, including— ‘‘(i) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); ‘‘(ii) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); ‘‘(iii) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); and ‘‘(iv) the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). ‘‘(9) A
PPLICABILITY OF NEPA .—The execu-tion of, but not the decision to enter into, an agreement to treat Federal forest land as In-dian forest land under paragraph (3) shall constitute a Federal action for purposes of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.046 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3296 May 26, 2016 
the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). ‘‘(10) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thority provided by this subsection termi-nates on the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this subsection.’’. (b) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section or an amendment made by this section— (1) prohibits, restricts, or otherwise ad-versely affects any permit, lease, or similar agreement in effect on or after the date of enactment of this Act for the use of Federal land for the purpose of recreation, utilities, logging, mining, oil, gas, grazing, water rights, or any other purpose; (2) negatively impacts private land; or (3) prohibits, restricts, or otherwise ad-versely affects the authority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of a State to manage, control, or regulate under State law fish and wildlife on land or in water in the State, including on Federal public land. 
SEC. 4. TRIBAL FOREST MANAGEMENT DEM-ONSTRATION PROJECT. 
The Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture may carry out dem-onstration projects pursuant to which feder-ally recognized Indian tribes or tribal orga-nizations may enter into contracts to carry out administrative, management, and other functions under the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.), through contracts entered into under the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.). 
SEC. 5. FUNDING. 
The Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall use to carry out this Act and amendments made by this Act such amounts as are necessary from other amounts available to the Secretary of the In-terior or the Secretary of Agriculture, re-spectively, that are not otherwise obligated. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 479—URGING THE GOVERNMENT OF THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO TO COMPLY WITH CON-STITUTIONAL LIMITS ON PRESI-DENTIAL TERMS AND FULFILL ITS CONSTITUTIONAL MANDATE FOR A DEMOCRATIC TRANSITION OF POWER IN 2016 Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 479 Whereas the United States and the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo (‘‘DRC’’) have a history of partnership grounded in economic investment and mutual interests in security and stability, and marked by efforts to ad-dress the protracted humanitarian crisis fac-ing the country; Whereas in 2006, DRC adopted a new con-stitution with a provision limiting the Presi-dent to 2 consecutive terms; Whereas in 2006, Joseph Kabila was elected President in what was widely viewed as a free and fair election; Whereas many respected international ob-servers concluded that President Kabila’s re-election in 2011 was deeply flawed; Whereas President Kabila’s second term and constitutional mandate to serve as President of DRC ends on December 19, 2016; Whereas, for the past 2 years, President Kabila has used administrative and technical means to try to delay the presidential elec-tion, including— (1) by trying unsuccessfully to persuade the Parliament of DRC— (A) to change the Constitution of DRC to allow him to run for a third term; and (B) to pass a law requiring a multiyear census in advance of the presidential elec-tion, which was widely seen as an attempt to delay elections to allow President Kabila to remain in power. (2) by failing to pass timely election laws or release authorized election funding to the Independent National Elections Commission; (3) by declaring that it will take the Gov-ernment of DRC between 16 and 18 months to revise the voter rolls; and (4) by enforcing nondemocratic and nonparticipatory restrictions that limit the ability of the political opposition to partici-pate in the political process and the role of civil society in DRC; Whereas mass popular demonstrations con-vinced President Kabila to drop efforts to pass a law requiring a census in January 2015, but not before security forces had killed at least 36 protesters and jailed hundreds more; Whereas Congolese security and intel-ligence officials have arrested, harassed, and detained peaceful activists, members of civil society, political leaders, and others who op-pose President Kabila’s effort to unconsti-tutionally remain in power after the expira-tion of his current term; Whereas President Obama spoke with President Kabila on March 15, 2015, and ‘‘em-phasized the importance of timely, credible, and peaceful elections that respect the Con-stitution of DRC and protect the rights of all DRC citizens’’; Whereas observers view President Kabila’s renewed call for a National Dialogue as an-other attempt to delay the elections and dis-tract from the constitutional requirement for a democratic succession of the presidency later this year; Whereas international and domestic human rights groups have consistently re-ported on the worsening of the human rights situation in DRC, including— (1) the use of excessive force by security forces against peaceful demonstrators; and (2) an increase in politically motivated trials; Whereas the United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Re-public of the Congo has registered more than 312 human rights violations committed by officials of the Government of DRC between January 2015 and January 2016, most of which targeted political opponents, civil so-ciety, and journalists; Whereas the Government of DRC issued an arrest warrant for what appear to be politi-cally motivated charges against a leading opposition figure the week after he declared his intent to run for President, and other po-litical activists remain in jail; Whereas on March 30, 2016, the United Na-tions Security Council unanimously adopted Resolution 2277, which— (1) expresses deep concern with— (A) ‘‘the delays in the preparation of the presidential elections’’ in DRC; and (B) ‘‘increased restrictions of the political space in the DRC’’; and (2) calls for ensuring ‘‘the successful and timely holding of elections, in particular presidential and legislative elections on No-vember 2016, in accordance with the Con-stitution’’: Whereas President Kabila’s refusal to pub-licly affirm that he will step down when his constitutional mandate expires has caused growing political tension, unrest, and vio-lence across DRC: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns— (A) actions by the Government of DRC to subvert the Constitution of DRC and under-mine democracy, including the arrest and detention of civil society activists (such as Fred Bauma and Yves Makwambala), the harassment of political opponents, and its ef-forts to close political space and punish peaceful dissent; (B) the failure of the Government of DRC to take timely necessary measures to orga-nize free and fair national elections; and (C) violations of human rights and inter-national humanitarian law committed by se-curity forces of the Government of DRC; (2) reaffirms its support for democracy and good-governance in sub-Saharan Africa that are free from political repression and abuses of human rights; (3) calls on President Kabila’s govern-ment— (A) to publicly and unequivocally commit to complete a peaceful transfer of presi-dential power upon the expiration of his mandate on December 19, 2016; and (B) to adhere to the Constitution of DRC and relinquish power at the end of his term on December 19, 2016; (4) calls on the President of the United States— (A) in coordination with regional and international partners and the United Na-tions, to impose targeted sanctions on those officials of the Government of DRC who are responsible for violence and human rights violations and undermining the democratic processes or institutions in DRC, including visa bans and asset freezes under Executive Order 13671 (79 Fed. Reg. 39947), based on ac-tions that ‘‘undermine democratic processes or institutions,’’ or that ‘‘threaten the peace, security, or stability’’ of DRC; and (B) to consider lifting the sanctions de-scribed in subparagraph (A) when the Presi-dent determines that— (i) President Kabila— (I) has publicly and unequivocally stated that he will complete a peaceful transfer of presidential power upon the expiration of his mandate on December 19, 2016; (II) has made verified progress toward or-ganizing and holding timely free and fair na-tional elections in accordance with the Con-stitution of DRC; and (III) is respecting human and political rights for the opposition and civil society; or (ii) a free and fair presidential election has been held in DRC, in accordance with the Constitution of DRC, and a new President has been sworn into office in DRC; (5) calls on the Secretary of State, the Sec-retary of Defense, and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to review all United States as-sistance to DRC, including security and eco-nomic assistance, to ensure that such assist-ance is not being used to support President Kabila’s efforts to remain in power; and (6) calls on the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development— (A) to continue providing financial and technical assistance to support the orga-nizing of free, fair, and peaceful national elections, and support the inclusion and civic education of youth, women, and rural popu-lations; and (B) to ensure the continuance of United States assistance that is delivered through national and international nongovernmental organizations, particularly assistance in sup-port of improved democracy and governance and humanitarian needs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.029 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3297 May 26, 2016 
SENATE RESOLUTION 480—SUP-PORTING THE DESIGNATION OF MAY 2016 AS ‘‘MENTAL HEALTH MONTH’’ Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY, Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 480 Whereas mental health and the emotional well-being of individuals in the United States are foundational issues that affect in-dividual, family, and community quality of life and economic prosperity; Whereas studies note that individuals with serious mental illness die, on average, 25 years earlier than individuals in the general population; Whereas individuals with mental illness, behavioral health disorders, or co-occurring substance use disorders can recover through treatment that includes psychosocial ther-apy, clinical treatment, and peer support, alone or in combination with behavioral, psychiatric, psychological, or integrated medical services; Whereas prevention strategies can prevent or delay the onset of many mental health conditions; Whereas recovery-oriented interventions such as supported employment, supported housing, and supported education have been shown to improve outcomes for individuals with mental illness; Whereas mental illness impacts individuals across the United States and in every walk of life; Whereas nearly 44,000,000 adults in the United States live with mental illness and 20 percent of children and adolescents have a diagnosable mental health disorder; Whereas 1 in 25 individuals in the United States has lived with a serious mental ill-ness, such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, or major depression; Whereas approximately 
1⁄2of students age 14 or older with a mental illness drop out of school and 70 percent of adolescents in the juvenile justice system have a mental ill-ness; Whereas the average delay from the onset of symptoms of mental illness to therapeutic intervention for teens is between 8 and 10 years; Whereas suicide is the 10th-leading cause of death in the United States and leads to the death of more than 41,000 individuals in the United States each year; Whereas negative perception and stigma continue to be associated with mental ill-ness, which contributes to individuals not seeking needed care; Whereas nearly 15 percent of men and 31 percent of women in jails have a serious mental illness, such as schizophrenia, major depression, or bipolar disorder; and Whereas it would be appropriate to observe May 2016 as ‘‘Mental Health Month’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of ‘‘Mental Health Month’’ to reduce the stigma associ-ated with mental illness and to encourage in-dividuals to seek care; (2) recognizes that mental well-being is critically important and linked to the well- being of individuals, communities, and the economy in the United States; (3) supports the integration of national and local community efforts to promote public awareness of mental health and to support individuals and families affected by mental illness; and (4) encourages the people of the United States to view ‘‘Mental Health Month’’ as a chance to promote mental health wellness, to ensure access to services, and to improve the quality of life of individuals living with mental illness. f SENATE RESOLUTION 481—RECOG-NIZING THE SIGNIFICANCE OF MAY 2016 AS ASIAN/PACIFIC AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH AND AS AN IMPORTANT TIME TO CELEBRATE THE SIGNIFICANT CONTRIBUTIONS OF ASIAN AMERICANS AND PACIFIC IS-LANDERS TO THE HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. R
EID, Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. K IRK, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. W AR-
REN, and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 481 Whereas the people of the United States join together each May to pay tribute to the contributions of generations of Asian Ameri-cans and Pacific Islanders who have enriched the history of the United States; Whereas the history of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders in the United States is inextricably tied to the story of the United States; Whereas the Asian American and Pacific Islander community is an inherently diverse population, comprised of more than 45 dis-tinct ethnicities and more than 100 language dialects; Whereas, according to the Bureau of the Census, the Asian American population grew at a faster rate than any other racial or eth-nic group in the United States during the last decade, surging nearly 46 percent be-tween 2000 and 2010, a growth rate that is 4 times the rate of the total population of the United States; Whereas, according to the 2010 decennial census, there are approximately 17,300,000 residents of the United States who identify themselves as Asian and approximately 1,200,000 residents of the United States who identify themselves as Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, making up approxi-mately 5.5 percent and 0.4 percent, respec-tively, of the total population of the United States; Whereas the month of May was selected for Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month be-cause the first immigrants from Japan ar-rived in the United States on May 7, 1843, and the first transcontinental railroad was completed on May 10, 1869, with substantial contributions from immigrants from China; Whereas section 102 of title 36, United States Code, officially designates May as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and requests that the President issue an annual proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe Asian/Pacific Amer-ican Heritage Month with appropriate pro-grams, ceremonies, and activities; Whereas Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers, such as Daniel K. Inouye, a Medal of Honor and Presidential Medal of Freedom re-cipient who as President Pro Tempore of the Senate was the highest-ranking Asian Amer-ican government official in United States history, Dalip Singh Saund, the first Asian American elected to serve in Congress, Patsy T. Mink, the first woman of color and the first Asian American woman to be elected to Congress, Hiram L. Fong, the first Asian American Senator, Daniel K. Akaka, the first Senator of Native Hawaiian ancestry, Norman Y. Mineta, the first Asian American member of a presidential cabinet, Elaine L. Chao, the first Asian American woman mem-ber of a presidential cabinet, Mee Moua, the first Hmong American elected to a State leg-islature, and others have made significant contributions in both the Government and military of the United States; Whereas the year 2016 marks several im-portant milestones for the Asian American and Pacific Islander community, including— (1) the 115th anniversary of the arrival of Peter Ryu, the first Korean immigrant in the United States; (2) the 95th anniversary of the first premier in a United States film of an Asian American woman, Anna May Wong, in ‘‘Bits of Life’’; (3) the 70th anniversary of the passage of the amendments made by the Act of July 2, 1946 (commonly known as the ‘‘Luce–Cellar Act of 1946’’) (60 Stat. 416, chapter 534), which allowed Filipinos and Indians to immigrate to the United States and become naturalized United States citizens; (4) the 70th anniversary of the passage of the First Supplemental Surplus Appropria-tion Rescission Act of 1946 (60 Stat. 6, chap-ter 30), which stripped military benefits from Filipino World War II veterans in the service of the United States Armed Forces; (5) the 60th anniversary of the election to the House of Representatives of Dalip Singh Saund, the first Asian American, first Indian American, and first Sikh American elected to Congress; (6) the 40th anniversary of the election to the Senate of Dr. Samuel Ichiye Hayakawa, the first Asian American elected to the Sen-ate from a mainland State; (7) the 40th anniversary of Presidential Proclamation 4417, dated February 19, 1976 (41 Fed. Reg. 7741), in which President Gerald Ford formally rescinded Executive Order 9066 (7 Fed. Reg. 1407; relating to authorizing the Secretary of War to prescribe military areas) and condemned the incarceration of United States citizens and lawful permanent resi-dents of Japanese ancestry during World War II; (8) the 40th anniversary of the completion of the double-hulled voyaging canoe, Hokule’a, marking the first traditional Poly-nesian voyaging canoe built in Hawaii in over 600 years; (9) the 30th anniversary of the granting of United States citizenship to the Chamorros and Carolinians of the Northern Mariana Is-lands; and (10) the 20th anniversary of the election as the Governor of the State of Washington of Gary Locke, the first Asian American elect-ed as a Governor of a mainland State; Whereas, in 2016, family members of Fili-pino World War II veterans became eligible to apply for immigration benefits to come to the United States to be reunited with their aging Filipino veteran family members who are United States citizens and lawful perma-nent residents; Whereas, in 2016, the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, a bicameral cau-cus of Members of Congress advocating on behalf of Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers, is composed of 51 Members, includ-ing 13 Members of Asian or Pacific Islander descent; Whereas, in 2016, Asian Americans and Pa-cific Islanders are serving in State and terri-torial legislatures across the United States in record numbers, including the States of Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Con-necticut, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.030 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3298 May 26, 2016 
Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, and the terri-tories of American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands; Whereas the number of Federal judges who are Asian Americans or Pacific Islanders doubled between 2001 and 2008 and more than tripled between 2009 and 2015, reflecting a commitment to diversity in the Federal judi-ciary that has resulted in the confirmations of high-caliber Asian American and Pacific Islander judicial nominees; Whereas there remains much to be done to ensure that Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers have access to resources and a voice in the Government of the United States and continue to advance in the political land-scape of the United States; and Whereas celebrating Asian/Pacific Amer-ican Heritage Month provides the people of the United States with an opportunity to recognize the achievements, contributions, and history of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, and to appreciate the challenges faced by Asian Americans and Pacific Island-ers: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the significance of May 2016 as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and as an important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to the history of the United States; and (2) recognizes that the Asian American and Pacific Islander community enhances the rich diversity of and strengthens the United States. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4237. Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. R
OUNDS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of En-ergy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4238. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4239. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4240. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4241. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4242. Mr. PETERS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4243. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4244. Mr. REED submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4245. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. MARKEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. R EED, Mrs. B
OXER , and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4246. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4247. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. H
OEVEN , and Mr. T ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4248. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4249. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4250. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ILLIS ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4251. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. B
URR) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4252. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4253. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. V
ITTER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4254. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4255. Mr. REID (for Mr. B
LUMENTHAL  (for himself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. R
EED, and Mrs. B OXER )) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by Mr. Reid to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4256. Mr. REID (for Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by Mr. Reid to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4257. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4258. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4259. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4260. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. E RNST , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. B
ENNET , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4261. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4262. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4263. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4264. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4265. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4266. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4267. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4268. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4269. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4270. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4271. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4272. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4273. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4274. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. BOOKER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4275. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4276. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. S ASSE, and Mr. W
ICKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4277. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4278. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4279. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4280. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4281. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4282. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4283. Mr. REID (for Mr. B
LUMENTHAL  (for himself and Mr. D
URBIN )) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. R
EIDto the bill S. 2943, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4284. Mr. REID (for Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by Mr. R
EIDto the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:28 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.032 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3299 May 26, 2016 
SA 4285. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4286. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4287. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4288. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4289. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4290. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4291. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4292. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4293. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4294. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4295. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. B OXER , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4296. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4297. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4298. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4299. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4300. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4301. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4302. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, and Mr. M ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4303. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4304. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4305. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4306. Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. CRUZ, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M ORAN , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , and Mrs. E RNST ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4307. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. S CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4308. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4309. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. K IRK, Mr. C OONS , and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4310. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. K
IRK, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. P
AUL, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. H
ELLER , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. V IT-
TER, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. C
RUZ, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. S CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4311. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4312. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4313. Mr. PETERS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4314. Mr. PETERS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4315. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4316. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4317. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , and Ms. C ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4318. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4319. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mrs. B
OXER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4320. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. U DALL , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S CHU-MER, and Mr. R EID) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4321. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4322. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4323. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4324. Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4325. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4326. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4327. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4328. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4329. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4330. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4331. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4332. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4333. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4334. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4335. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4336. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4337. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. P ETERS ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4338. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4339. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4340. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4341. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.034 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3300 May 26, 2016 
bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4342. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4343. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4344. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. K IRK) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4345. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4346. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4347. Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4348. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4349. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4350. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4351. Mr. REID (for Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by Mr. R
EIDto the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4352. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4353. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4354. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4355. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4356. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4357. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4358. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4359. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4360. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4361. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. S
ANDERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4362. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4363. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. BLUNT ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4364. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4365. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4366. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4367. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4368. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4369. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. R EID, Mr. B LUNT , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. S
HELBY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4370. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4371. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4237. Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. R
OUNDS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 663. REPORT ON MODIFICATION OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE IN LIGHT OF AUTHORITY FOR VARI-ABLE PRICING OF GOODS AT COM-MISSARY STORES. 
Not later than March 31, 2017, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the feasibility and advisability of modifying the amounts payable for basic allowance for sub-sistence (BAS) for members of the Armed Forces in light of potential changes in prices of goods and services at commissary stores pursuant to the authority granted by the amendments made by section 661. The report shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the potential for in-creases in prices of goods and services at commissary stores by reason of such author-ity, set forth by locality. (2) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-visability of modifications in the amounts payable for basic allowance for subsistence in light of such potential increases in prices, including paying basic allowance for subsist-ence at different rates in different locations. SA 4238. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1236. PROHIBITION ON ENTRY INTO CON-TRACTS WITH ENTITIES THAT HAVE CONTRIBUTED TO THE VIOLATION BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OF THE INTERMEDIATE-RANGE NU-CLEAR FORCES TREATY. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for a department or agency of the United States Government for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 may be used to enter into a contract with a person or entity that the Secretary of State determines has materially contributed to any violation of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty by the Russian Federation during the last calendar year ending before the calendar year in which such fiscal year begins. (2) D
ETERMINATIONS .—Any determination made by the Secretary for purposes of para-graph (1) shall be made in connection with the preparation by the Secretary of the an-nual report on arms control, nonprolifera-tion, and disarmament pursuant to section 403 of the Arms Control and Disarmament Act (22 U.S.C. 2593a). (b) W
AIVER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may waive the prohibition in subsection (a)(1) with re-spect to entry into any particular contract if the President determines that the waiver is in the national security interest of the United States. (2) R
EPORT .—The President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on any waiver made under this sub-section. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty’’ means the Treaty Be-tween the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their Intermediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, commonly re-ferred to as the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, signed at Washington, December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
SA 4239. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I title X, add the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.035 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3301 May 26, 2016 
SEC. 807. ENSURING GRANTS ARE IN SUPPORT OF NATIONAL SECURITY. 
The Secretary of Defense shall establish and implement a policy that will ensure that all grants issued by the Department of De-fense are in support of national security. 
SA 4240. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 764. REPORT ON FEASIBILITY AND ADVIS-ABILITY OF ALIGNMENT OF PRE-SCRIPTION DRUG BUYING PRO-GRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 31, 2017, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to Congress a report on the feasi-bility and advisability of aligning the struc-ture, statutory parameters, and regulatory guidance for prescription drug buying pro-grams of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs to increase buying power and reduce costs. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of the feasibility, advis-ability, costs, and benefits of aligning the prescription drug buying programs of the De-partment of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs; and (2) a timeline to implement such align-ment. 
SA 4241. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1655. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR LONG-RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON OR W80 WARHEAD LIFE EXTENSION PROGRAM. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be ap-propriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of De-fense or the Department of Energy may be obligated or expended for the research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation or procure-ment of the long-range standoff weapon or for the W80 warhead life extension program. 
SA 4242. Mr. PETERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle H of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 899C. NOTIFICATION TO SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS REGARDING PROCURE-MENT TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE CEN-TERS. 
Section 2418 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d)(1) The Secretary of Defense, in part-nership with eligible entities and the Admin-istrator of General Services, shall notify small business concerns that have success-fully registered in the System for Award Management referenced in subpart 4.11 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation that once their registration is complete free procure-ment technical assistance is available pursu-ant to procurement technical assistance co-operative agreements. ‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘small business concern’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)).’’. 
SA 4243. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1231 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1231. EXTENSION AND ENHANCEMENT OF UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
(a) F UNDING .—Section 1250 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Of the amounts’’ and all that follows through ‘‘shall be available to’’ and inserting ‘‘Amounts available for a fiscal year under subsection (f) shall be available to’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (h); and (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) F
UNDING .—From amounts authorized to be appropriated for the fiscal year con-cerned for the Department of Defense for overseas contingency operations, the fol-lowing shall be available for purposes of sub-section (a): ‘‘(1) For fiscal year 2016, $300,000,000. ‘‘(2) For fiscal year 2017, $500,000,000.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORIZED ASSISTANCE .— Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and small arms and ammunition’’ and inserting ‘‘small arms and ammunition, and air defense weap-on systems’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(10) Equipment and technical assistance to the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine for the purpose of developing a com-prehensive border surveillance network for Ukraine. ‘‘(11) Training for staff officers and senior leadership of the military. ‘‘(12) Air defense and coastal defense ra-dars.’’. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Subsection (c) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘for a fis-cal year’’ after ‘‘pursuant to subsection (a)’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘pursuant to subsection (a)’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘pursuant to subsection (a) for a fiscal year, the amount as follows shall be available only for lethal and critical assist-ance described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b) in that fiscal year: ‘‘(A) In fiscal year 2016, $50,000,000. ‘‘(B) In fiscal year 2017, $150,000,000;’’. (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘OTHER PURPOSES ’’ and inserting ‘‘A VAIL-
ABILITY FOR NON -UKRAINE PURPOSES OF CER -
TAIN AMOUNT OTHERWISE AVAILABLE FOR  
UKRAINE DEFENSIVE LETHAL ASSISTANCE ’’; (B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking the first sentence and insert-ing the following new sentence: ‘‘Subject to paragraph (5), the amount described in para-graph (2)(B) for fiscal year 2017 shall be avail-able for purposes other than assistance and support described in subsection (a) com-mencing on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 if the Secretary of Defense, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, determines that the use of such amount for lethal and critical assistance described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b) is not in the na-tional security interests of the United States.’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or the Government of Ukraine’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY FOR NON -UKRAINE PUR -
POSES OF CERTAIN AMOUNT OTHERWISE AVAIL -
ABLE FOR UKRAINE GENERALLY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the certification de-scribed in subparagraph (B) is not made to the congressional defense committees by the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, commencing as of the end of that period $250,000,000 of the amount available for this section for fiscal year 2017 under subsection (f) shall be available in accordance with paragraph (5)(B). ‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—A certification de-scribed in this subparagraph is a certifi-cation by the Secretary of Defense, in co-ordination with the Secretary of State, that the Government of Ukraine has taken sub-stantial actions to make defense institu-tional reforms in such areas as civilian con-trol of the military, cooperation and coordi-nation with Verkhovna Rada efforts to exer-cise oversight of the Ministry of Defense and military forces, increased transparency and accountability in defense procurement, and improvement in transparency, account-ability, and potential opportunities for pri-vatization in the defense industrial sector. The purpose of these defense institutional re-forms is to decrease corruption, increase ac-countability, and sustain improvements of combat capability enabled by such inter-national security assistance. The certifi-cation shall include an assessment of the substantial actions taken to make such de-fense institutional reforms and the areas in which additional action is needed. ‘‘(5) U
SE.—In the event funds described in paragraph (2)(B) are not used in fiscal year 2017 for defensive lethal and critical assist-ance described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b) by reason of a determination under paragraph (3), and funds described in paragraph (4) are not available under that paragraph in that fiscal year by reason of the lack of a certification described in para-graph (4)(B), of the amount available for this section under subsection (f) for fiscal year 2017— ‘‘(A) $250,000,000 may be used for assistance and support described in subsection (a) for the Government of Ukraine; and ‘‘(B) $250,000,000 may be used for purposes described in paragraph (3), of which not more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.040 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3302 May 26, 2016 
than $150,000,000 may be used for such pur-poses for a particular foreign country. ‘‘(6) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 15 days before providing assistance or train-ing under paragraph (3), (4), or (5), the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a notification con-taining the following: ‘‘(A) The recipient foreign country. ‘‘(B) A detailed description of the assist-ance or training to be provided, including— ‘‘(i) the objectives of such assistance or training; ‘‘(ii) the budget for such assistance or training; and ‘‘(iii) the expected or estimated timeline for delivery of such assistance or training. ‘‘(C) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. (d) C
ONSTRUCTION WITH OTHER AUTHOR -
ITY.—Such section is further amended by in-serting after subsection (f), as amended by subsection (a)(3) of this section, the fol-lowing new subsection (g): ‘‘(g) C
ONSTRUCTION WITHOTHER AUTHOR -
ITY.—The authority to provide assistance and support pursuant to subsection (a), and the authority to provide assistance and training support under subsection (c), is in addition to authority to provide assistance and support under title 10, United States Code, the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the Arms Export Control Act, or any other pro-vision of law.’’. (e) E
XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of such sec-tion, as redesignated by subsection (a)(2) of this section, is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (f) E
XTENSION OF REPORTS ON MILITARY AS-
SISTANCE TO UKRAINE .—Section 1275(e) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3592), as amended by section 1250(g) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016, is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2020’’. 
SA 4244. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. CYBERSECURITY TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Se-curities and Exchange Commission; (2) the term ‘‘cybersecurity threat’’— (A) means an action, not protected by the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, on or through an information system that may result in an unauthorized effort to adversely impact the security, availability, confidentiality, or integrity of an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system; and (B) does not include any action that solely involves a violation of a consumer term of service or a consumer licensing agreement; (3) the term ‘‘information system’’— (A) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 3502 of title 44, United States Code; and (B) includes industrial control systems, such as supervisory control and data acquisi-tion systems, distributed control systems, and programmable logic controllers; (4) the term ‘‘issuer’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c); and (5) the term ‘‘reporting company’’ means any company that is an issuer— (A) the securities of which are registered under section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78l); or (B) that is required to file reports under section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)). (b) REQUIREMENT TOISSUE RULES .—Not later than 360 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Commission shall issue final rules to require each reporting com-pany, in the annual report submitted under section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m and 78o(d)) or the annual proxy statement sub-mitted under section 14(a) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78n(a))— (1) to disclose whether any member of the governing body, such as the board of direc-tors or general partner, of the reporting company has expertise or experience in cy-bersecurity and in such detail as necessary to fully describe the nature of the expertise or experience; and (2) if no member of the governing body of the reporting company has expertise or expe-rience in cybersecurity, to describe what other cybersecurity steps taken by the re-porting company were taken into account by such persons responsible for identifying and evaluating nominees for any member of the governing body, such as a nominating com-mittee. (c) C
YBERSECURITY EXPERTISE OR EXPERI -
ENCE .—For purposes of subsection (b), the Commission, in coordination with the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, shall define what constitutes exper-tise or experience in cybersecurity, such as professional qualifications to administer in-formation security program functions or ex-perience detecting, preventing, mitigating, or addressing cybersecurity threats. 
SA 4245. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. R EED, Mrs. B OXER , and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 563. 
SA 4246. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: SEC. 1097. AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO CERTAIN LEASES AT THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS WEST LOS AN-GELES CAMPUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs may carry out leases described in subsection (b) at the Department of Vet-erans Affairs West Los Angeles Campus in Los Angeles, California (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Campus’’). (b) L
EASES DESCRIBED .—Leases described in this subsection are the following: (1) Any enhanced-use lease of real property under subchapter V of chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, for purposes of providing supportive housing, as that term is defined in section 8161(3) of such title, that prin-cipally benefit veterans and their families. (2) Any lease of real property for a term not to exceed 50 years to a third party to provide services that principally benefit vet-erans and their families and that are limited to one or more of the following purposes: (A) The promotion of health and wellness, including nutrition and spiritual wellness. (B) Education. (C) Vocational training, skills building, or other training related to employment. (D) Peer activities, socialization, or phys-ical recreation. (E) Assistance with legal issues and Fed-eral benefits. (F) Volunteerism. (G) Family support services, including child care. (H) Transportation. (I) Services in support of one or more of the purposes specified in subparagraphs (A) through (H). (3) A lease of real property for a term not to exceed 10 years to The Regents of the Uni-versity of California, a corporation organized under the laws of the State of California, on behalf of its University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) campus (in this section re-ferred to as ‘‘The Regents’’), if— (A) the lease is consistent with the master plan described in subsection (g); (B) the provision of services to veterans is the predominant focus of the activities of The Regents at the Campus during the term of the lease; (C) The Regents expressly agrees to pro-vide, during the term of the lease and to an extent and in a manner that the Secretary considers appropriate, additional services and support (for which The Regents is not compensated by the Secretary or through an existing medical affiliation agreement) that— (i) principally benefit veterans and their families, including veterans who are severely disabled, women, aging, or homeless; and (ii) may consist of activities relating to the medical, clinical, therapeutic, dietary, rehabilitative, legal, mental, spiritual, phys-ical, recreational, research, and counseling needs of veterans and their families or any of the purposes specified in any of subpara-graphs (A) through (I) of paragraph (2); and (D) The Regents maintains records docu-menting the value of the additional services and support that The Regents provides pur-suant to subparagraph (C) for the duration of the lease and makes such records available to the Secretary. (c) L
IMITATION ON LAND-SHARING AGREE -
MENTS .—The Secretary may not carry out any land-sharing agreement pursuant to sec-tion 8153 of title 38, United States Code, at the Campus unless such agreement— (1) provides additional health-care re-sources to the Campus; and (2) benefits veterans and their families other than from the generation of revenue for the Department of Veterans Affairs. (d) R
EVENUES FROM LEASES AT THE CAM-
PUS.—Any funds received by the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.040 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3303 May 26, 2016 
under a lease described in subsection (b) shall be credited to the applicable Depart-ment medical facilities account and shall be available, without fiscal year limitation and without further appropriation, exclusively for the renovation and maintenance of the land and facilities at the Campus. (e) E
ASEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (other than Federal laws relating to environmental and historic preservation), pursuant to section 8124 of title 38, United States Code, the Secretary may grant easements or rights-of-way on, above, or under lands at the Campus to— (A) any local or regional public transpor-tation authority to access, construct, use, operate, maintain, repair, or reconstruct public mass transit facilities, including, fixed guideway facilities and transportation centers; and (B) the State of California, County of Los Angeles, City of Los Angeles, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any pub-lic utility company (including any company providing electricity, gas, water, sewage, or telecommunication services to the public) for the purpose of providing such public util-ities. (2) I
MPROVEMENTS .—Any improvements proposed pursuant to an easement or right- of-way authorized under paragraph (1) shall be subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate. (3) T
ERMINATION .—Any easement or right- of-way authorized under paragraph (1) shall be terminated upon the abandonment or non-use of the easement or right-of-way and all right, title, and interest in the land covered by the easement or right-of-way shall revert to the United States. (f) P
ROHIBITION ON SALE OF PROPERTY .— Notwithstanding section 8164 of title 38, United States Code, the Secretary may not sell or otherwise convey to a third party fee simple title to any real property or improve-ments to real property made at the Campus. (g) C
ONSISTENCY WITHMASTER PLAN.—The Secretary shall ensure that each lease car-ried out under this section is consistent with the draft master plan approved by the Sec-retary on January 28, 2016, or successor mas-ter plans. (h) C
OMPLIANCE WITHCERTAIN LAWS.— (1) L
AWS RELATING TO LEASES AND LAND  
USE.—If the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs determines, as part of an audit report or evaluation conducted by the Inspector General, that the Depart-ment is not in compliance with all Federal laws relating to leases and land use at the Campus, or that significant mismanagement has occurred with respect to leases or land use at the Campus, the Secretary may not enter into any lease or land-sharing agree-ment at the Campus, or renew any such lease or land-sharing agreement that is not in compliance with such laws, until the Sec-retary certifies to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives, and each Member of the Senate and the House of Representatives who rep-resents the area in which the Campus is lo-cated that all recommendations included in the audit report or evaluation have been im-plemented. (2) C
OMPLIANCE OF PARTICULAR LEASES .— Except as otherwise expressly provided by this section, no lease may be entered into or renewed under this section unless the lease complies with chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, and all Federal laws relating to environmental and historic preservation. (i) C
OMMUNITY VETERANS ENGAGEMENT  B
OARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a Community Veterans Engagement Board (in this sub-section referred to as the ‘‘Board’’) for the Campus to coordinate locally with the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to— (A) identify the goals of the community; and (B) provide advice and recommendations to the Secretary to improve services and out-comes for veterans, members of the Armed Forces, and the families of such veterans and members. (2) MEMBERS .—The Board shall be com-prised of a number of members that the Sec-retary determines appropriate, of which not less than 50 percent shall be veterans. The nonveteran members shall be family mem-bers of veterans, veteran advocates, service providers, or stakeholders. (3) C
OMMUNITY INPUT .—In carrying out sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1), the Board shall— (A) provide the community opportunities to collaborate and communicate with the Board, including by conducting public fo-rums on the Campus; and (B) focus on local issues regarding the De-partment that are identified by the commu-nity, including with respect to health care, benefits, and memorial services at the Cam-pus. (j) N
OTIFICATION AND REPORTS .— (1) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—With re- spect to each lease or land-sharing agree-ment intended to be entered into or renewed at the Campus, the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives, and each Member of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives who represents the area in which the Campus is located of the intent of the Secretary to enter into or renew the lease or land-sharing agreement not later than 45 days before entering into or renewing the lease or land-sharing agreement. (2) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives, and each Mem-ber of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives who represents the area in which the Campus is located an annual re-port evaluating all leases and land-sharing agreements carried out at the Campus, in-cluding— (A) an evaluation of the management of the revenue generated by the leases; and (B) the records described in subsection (b)(3)(D). (3) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than each of two years and five years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and as determined necessary by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs thereafter, the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives, and each Mem-ber of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives who represents the area in which the Campus is located a report on all leases carried out at the Campus and the management by the Department of the use of land at the Campus, including an assessment of the efforts of the Department to imple-ment the master plan described in subsection (g) with respect to the Campus. (B) C
ONSIDERATION OF ANNUAL REPORT .—In preparing each report required by subpara-graph (A), the Inspector General shall take into account the most recent report sub-mitted to Congress by the Secretary under paragraph (2). (k) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as a limita-tion on the authority of the Secretary to enter into other agreements regarding the Campus that are authorized by law and not inconsistent with this section. (l) P
RINCIPALLY BENEFIT VETERANS AND  T
HEIR FAMILIES DEFINED .—In this section the term ‘‘principally benefit veterans and their families’’, with respect to services provided by a person or entity under a lease of prop-erty or land-sharing agreement— (1) means services— (A) provided exclusively to veterans and their families; or (B) that are designed for the particular needs of veterans and their families, as op-posed to the general public, and any benefit of those services to the general public is dis-tinct from the intended benefit to veterans and their families; and (2) excludes services in which the only ben-efit to veterans and their families is the gen-eration of revenue for the Department of Veterans Affairs. (m) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) P
ROHIBITION ON DISPOSAL OF PROP -
ERTY .—Section 224(a) of the Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2008 (Public Law 110–161; 121 Stat. 2272) is amended by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Veterans Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as authorized under section 1097 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs’’. (2) E
NHANCED -USE LEASES .—Section 8162(c) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, other than an enhanced-use lease under section 1097 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017,’’ before ‘‘shall be considered’’. 
SA 4247. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. H
OEVEN , and Mr. T ESTER ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, insert the following: 
SEC. 1655. EXPEDITED DECISION WITH RESPECT TO SECURING LAND-BASED MISSILE FIELDS. 
To mitigate any risk posed to the nuclear forces of the United States by the failure to replace the UH–1N helicopter, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff— (1) decide if the land-based missile fields using UH–1N helicopters meet security re-quirements and if there are any shortfalls or gaps in meeting such requirements; (2) not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, submit to Con-gress a report on the decision relating to a request for forces required by paragraph (1); and (3) if the Chairman determines the imple-mentation of the decision to be warranted to mitigate any risk posed to the nuclear forces of the United States— (A) not later than 60 days after such date of enactment, implement that decision; or (B) if the Secretary cannot implement that decision during the period specified in sub-paragraph (A), not later than 45 days after such date of enactment, submit to Congress a report that includes a proposal for the date 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.041 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3304 May 26, 2016 
by which the Secretary can implement that decision and a plan to carry out that pro-posal. 
SA 4248. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 809, after line 24, add the fol-lowing: (5) a description of installations from which the Armed Forces may conduct com-munications and domain awareness activi-ties in support of Arctic security missions; and (6) a description of efforts to promote mili-tary-to-military cooperation with partner countries that have mutual security inter-ests in the Arctic region, including opportu-nities for sharing installations and mainte-nance facilities. On page 810, between lines 16 and 17, insert the following: (f) O
THER INSTALLATIONS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the au-thority of the Department of Defense to use existing infrastructure in support of Arctic domain awareness or to pursue military-to- military cooperation with partner countries that have mutual security interests in the Arctic region, including opportunities for sharing installations and maintenance facili-ties. 
SA 4249. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1277. FINANCING OF SALES OF AGRICUL-TURAL COMMODITIES TO CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (other than section 908 of the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7207), as amended by subsection (c)), a person subject to the jurisdiction of the United States may provide payment or financing terms for sales of agricultural commodities to Cuba or an individual or entity in Cuba. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
GRICULTURAL COMMODITY .—The term ‘‘agricultural commodity’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of the Agricul-tural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5602). (2) F
INANCING .—The term ‘‘financing’’ in-cludes any loan or extension of credit. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 908 of the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7207) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AND 
FINANCING ’’; (2) by striking subsection (b); (3) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘P
ROHIBITION ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwith- standing’’ and inserting ‘‘I
NGENERAL .—Not- withstanding’’; and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively, and by moving those subsections, as so redesig-nated, 2 ems to the left; and (4) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’. SA 4250. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1216. MODIFICATION OF PROTECTION FOR AFGHAN ALLIES. 
(a) N UMERICAL LIMITATIONS .—Subpara- graph (F) of section 602(b)(3) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
2015, 2016, 
AND 2017 ’’ and inserting ‘‘ 2015, 2016, 2017, AND 
2018’’; (2) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘exhausted,,’’ and inserting ‘‘exhausted,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘7,000’’ and inserting ‘‘11,000’’; (3) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016;’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017;’’; and (4) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016;’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017;’’. (b) P
LAN TO BRING AFGHAN SIV P ROGRAM  
TO A RESPONSIBLE END.—Section 602(b) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) P
LAN TO BRING AFGHAN SIV PROGRAM  
TO A RESPONSIBLE END .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 or March 1, 2018, whichever is ear-lier, the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Commander of United States Central Command, and the Commander Resolute Support/United States Forces – Afghanistan, shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report detailing a strategy for bringing the program under this title to provide special immigrant status to certain Afghans to a responsible end by or before December 31, 2019, or as soon thereafter as practicable consistent with the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENT .—The report required by sub-paragraph (A) shall address, at a minimum, the following: ‘‘(i) The number of visas that would be re-quired to meet existing or reasonably pro-jected commitments, taking into account the need to support a continued United States Government presence in Afghanistan. ‘‘(ii) An estimate of how long such visas should remain available. ‘‘(iii) A assessment of whether other exist-ing programs would be adequate to incentivize the continued recruitment, re-tention, and protection of critical Afghan employees, after the program under this title expires. ‘‘(iv) A description of potential alternative programs that could be considered if existing programs are inadequate.’’. SA 4251. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. B
URR) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 673. REPEAL OF AUTHORITY OF THE PRESI-DENT TO DETERMINE AN ALTER-NATIVE ANNUAL PAY ADJUSTMENT FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES BASED ON SERIOUS ECO-NOMIC CONDITIONS. 
Section 1009(e) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or serious economic conditions affecting the general welfare’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). 
SA 4252. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. REVIEW AND UPDATE OF GUIDANCE REGARDING SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR CERTAIN SENATE EMPLOYEES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘covered committee of the Senate’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (C) the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (D) the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (E) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (F) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (2) the term ‘‘covered Member of the Sen-ate’’ means a Member of the Senate who serves on a covered committee of the Senate; and (3) the term ‘‘Senate employee’’ means an employee whose pay is disbursed by the Sec-retary of the Senate. (b) R
EVIEW OF PROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of Senate Security, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence and the Chairperson of the Suitability and Security Clearance Performance Account-ability Council established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), shall— (A) conduct a review of whether procedures in effect enable 1 Senate employee des-ignated by each covered Member of the Sen-ate to obtain security clearances necessary for access to classified national security in-formation, including top secret and sensitive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.041 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3305 May 26, 2016 
compartmentalized information, if the Sen-ate employee meets the criteria for such clearances; and (B) if the Director of Senate Security, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence and the Chairperson of the Suit-ability and Security Clearance Performance Accountability Council established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), de-termines the procedures described in sub-paragraph (A) are inadequate, issue guide-lines on the establishment and implementa-tion of such procedures. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of Senate Security shall submit to each covered committee of the Senate a report re-garding the review conducted under para-graph (1)(A) and guidance, if any, issued under paragraph (1)(B). (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to alter— (1) the rule of the Information Security Oversight Office implementing Standard Form 312, which Members of Congress sign in order to be permitted to access classified in-formation; (2) the requirement that Members of the Senate satisfy the ‘‘need-to-know’’ require-ment to access classified information; (3) the scope of the jurisdiction of any com-mittee or subcommittee of the Senate; or (4) the inherent authority of the executive branch of the Government, the Office of Sen-ate Security, any Committee of the Senate, or the Department of Defense to determine recipients of all classified information. 
SA 4253. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. V
ITTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: DIVISION F—SBIR AND STTR REAUTHORIZATION AND IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘SBIR and STTR Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2016’’. TITLE LXI—REAUTHORIZATION OF PROGRAMS 
SEC. 6101. PERMANENCY OF SBIR PROGRAM AND STTR PROGRAM. 
(a) SBIR.—Section 9(m) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638(m)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘T
ERMINATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘SBIR P RO-
GRAM AUTHORIZATION ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘terminate on September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘be in effect for each fiscal year’’. (b) STTR.—Section 9(n)(1)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(n)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘through fiscal year 2017’’. TITLE LXII—ENHANCED SMALL BUSINESS ACCESS TO FEDERAL INNOVATION IN-VESTMENTS 
SEC. 6201. ALLOCATION INCREASES AND TRANS-PARENCY IN BASE CALCULATION. 
(a) SBIR.—Section 9(f) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘expend’’ and inserting ‘‘ob-ligate for expenditure’’; (B) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and each fiscal year thereafter,’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the following: ‘‘(J) for a Federal agency other than the Department of Defense— ‘‘(i) not less than 3.5 percent of the extra-mural budget for research or research and development of the Federal agency in each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019; ‘‘(ii) not less than 4 percent of such extra-mural budget in each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021; ‘‘(iii) not less than 4.5 percent of such ex-tramural budget in each of fiscal years 2022 and 2023; ‘‘(iv) not less than 5 percent of such extra-mural budget in each of fiscal years 2024 and 2025; ‘‘(v) not less than 5.5 percent of such extra-mural budget in each of fiscal years 2026 and 2027; and ‘‘(vi) not less than 6 percent of such extra-mural budget in fiscal year 2028 and each fis-cal year thereafter; and ‘‘(K) for the Department of Defense— ‘‘(i) not less than 2.5 percent of the budget for research, development, test, and evalua-tion of the Department of Defense in each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019; ‘‘(ii) not less than 3 percent of such budget in each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021; ‘‘(iii) not less than 3.5 percent of such budget in each of fiscal years 2022 and 2023; ‘‘(iv) not less than 4 percent of such budget in each of fiscal years 2024 and 2025; ‘‘(v) not less than 4.5 percent of such budg-et in each of fiscal years 2026 and 2027; and ‘‘(vi) not less than 5 percent of such budget in fiscal year 2028 and each fiscal year there-after,’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘(or for the Department of Defense, an amount of the budget for basic research of the Department of Defense)’’ after ‘‘research’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘(or for the Department of Defense an amount of the budget for research, development, test, and evaluation of the Department of Defense)’’ after ‘‘of the agency’’. (b) STTR.—Section 9(n)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(n)(1)) is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘expend’’ and inserting ‘‘obligate for expenditure’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘not less than the percent-age of that extramural budget specified in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for a Fed-eral agency other than the Department of Defense, not less than the percentage of that extramural budget specified in subparagraph (B) and, for the Department of Defense, not less than the percentage of the budget for re-search, development, test, and evaluation of the Department of Defense specified in sub-paragraph (B)’’ (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘the extramural budget required to be expended by an agency’’ and inserting ‘‘the extramural budget, for a Federal agen-cy other than the Department of Defense, and of the budget for research, development, test, and evaluation, for the Department of Defense, required to be obligated for expendi-ture with small business concerns’’; (B) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’ and in-serting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017;’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) 0.55 percent for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019; ‘‘(vii) 0.65 percent for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021; ‘‘(viii) 0.75 percent for each of fiscal years 2022 and 2023; and ‘‘(ix) 1 percent for fiscal year 2024 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’. SEC. 6202. REGULAR OVERSIGHT OF AWARD AMOUNTS. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF AUTOMATIC INFLATION  A
DJUSTMENTS .—Section 9(j) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(j)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(D), by inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2016’’ after ‘‘every year’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) 2016 
MODIFICATIONS FOR DOLLAR VALUE  
OF AWARDS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the SBIR and STTR Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2016, the Administrator shall modify the pol-icy directives issued under this subsection to— ‘‘(A) eliminate the annual adjustments for inflation of the dollar value of awards de-scribed in paragraph (2)(D); and ‘‘(B) clarify that Congress intends to re-view the dollar value of awards every 3 fiscal years.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING REG-
ULAR REVIEW OF THE AWARD SIZES.—It is the sense of Congress that for fiscal year 2019, and every third fiscal year thereafter, Con-gress should evaluate whether the maximum award sizes under the Small Business Inno-vation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program under section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) should be adjusted and, if so, take appropriate action to direct that such ad-justments be made under the policy direc-tives issued under subsection (j) of such sec-tion. (c) C
LARIFICATION OF SEQUENTIAL PHASE II A
WARDS .—Section 9(ff) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(ff)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) C
LARIFICATION OF SEQUENTIAL PHASE II  
AWARDS .—The head of a Federal agency shall ensure that any sequential Phase II award is made in accordance with the limitations on award sizes under subsection (aa). ‘‘(4) C
ROSS-AGENCY SEQUENTIAL PHASE II  
AWARDS .—A small business concern that re-ceives a sequential Phase II SBIR or Phase II STTR award for a project from a Federal agency is eligible to receive an additional se-quential Phase II award that continues work on that project from another Federal agen-cy.’’. TITLE LXIII—COMMERCIALIZATION IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 6301. PERMANENCY OF THE COMMER-CIALIZATION PILOT PROGRAM FOR CIVILIAN AGENCIES. 
Section 9(gg) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(gg)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
ILOT PROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘C OMMER -
CIALIZATION DEVELOPMENT AWARDS ’’; (2) by striking paragraphs (2), (7), and (8); (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5), re-spectively; (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘commercialization develop-ment program’ means a program established by a covered Federal agency under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) the term ‘covered Federal agency’— ‘‘(i) means a Federal agency participating in the SBIR program or the STTR program; and ‘‘(ii) does not include the Department of Defense.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.042 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3306 May 26, 2016 
(5) by striking ‘‘pilot program’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘commercialization development program’’. 
SEC. 6302. ENFORCEMENT OF NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS GOAL FOR FEDERAL RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 9(h) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(h)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, which may not be less than 10 percent for fis-cal year 2018, and each fiscal year there-after,’’ after ‘‘shall establish goals’’. 
SEC. 6303. TRACKING RAPID INNOVATION FUND AWARDS IN ANNUAL CONGRES-SIONAL REPORT. 
Section 9(b)(7) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(b)(7)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (G), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) information regarding awards under the Rapid Innovation Program under section 1073 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4366; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note), including— ‘‘(i) the number and dollar amount of awards made under the Rapid Innovation Program to business concerns receiving an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program; ‘‘(ii) the proportion of awards under the Rapid Innovation Program made to business concerns receiving an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program; ‘‘(iii) the proportion of awards under the Rapid Innovation Program made to small business concerns; and ‘‘(iv) a projection of the effect on the num-ber of awards under the Rapid Innovation Program if amounts to carry out the pro-gram were made available as a fixed alloca-tion of the amount appropriated to the De-partment of Defense for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation, excluding amounts appropriated for the defense univer-sities;’’. 
SEC. 6304. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTEC-TION FOR TECHNOLOGY DEVELOP-MENT. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(tt) I
NTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTEC -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2)(B), the cost of seeking protection for in-tellectual property, including a trademark, copyright, or patent, that was created through work performed under an SBIR or STTR award is allowable as an indirect cost under that award. ‘‘(2) C
LARIFICATION OF PATENT COSTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A Federal agency shall not directly or indirectly inhibit, through the policies, directives, or practices of the Federal agency, an otherwise eligible small business concern performing under an SBIR or STTR award from recovering patent costs incurred as requirements under that award, including— ‘‘(i) the costs of preparing— ‘‘(I) invention disclosures; ‘‘(II) reports; and ‘‘(III) other documents; ‘‘(ii) the costs for searching the art to the extent necessary to make the invention dis-closures; ‘‘(iii) other costs in connection with the filing and prosecution of a United States pat-ent application where title or royalty-free li-cense is to be conveyed to the Federal Gov-ernment; and ‘‘(iv) general counseling services relating to patent matters, including advice on pat-ent laws, regulations, clauses, and employee agreements. ‘‘(B) RECOVERY LIMITATIONS .—After con-sultation with contracting or auditing au-thorities, the patent costs described in sub-paragraph (A) shall be allowable for tech-nology developed under a— ‘‘(i) Phase I award, as indirect costs in an amount not greater than $5,000; ‘‘(ii) Phase II award, as indirect costs in an amount not greater than $15,000; and ‘‘(iii) Phase III award in which the Federal Government has government purpose rights (as defined in section 227.7103-5 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations).’’. 
SEC. 6305. ANNUAL GAO AUDIT OF COMPLIANCE WITH COMMERCIALIZATION GOALS. 
Section 9(nn) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(nn)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(nn) A
NNUAL GAO R EPORT ON GOVERN -
MENT COMPLIANCE WITHGOALS , INCENTIVES , 
ANDPHASE III P REFERENCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the SBIR and STTR Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2016, and every year thereafter until the date that is 5 years after the date of en-actment of the SBIR and STTR Reauthoriza-tion and Improvement Act of 2016, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report that— ‘‘(1) discusses the status of the compliance of Federal agencies with the requirements or authorities established under— ‘‘(A) subsection (h), relating to the estab-lishment by certain Federal agencies of a goal for funding agreements for research and research and development with small busi-ness concerns; ‘‘(B) subsection (y)(5)(A), relating to the requirement for the Department of Defense to establish goals for the transition of Phase III technologies in subcontracting plans; ‘‘(C) subsection (y)(5)(B), relating to the re-quirement for the Department of Defense to establish procedures for a prime contractor to report the number and dollar amount of contracts with small business concerns for Phase III SBIR projects or STTR projects of the prime contractor; and ‘‘(D) subsection (y)(6), relating to the re-quirement for the Department of Defense to set a goal to increase the number of Phase II SBIR and STTR contracts that transition into programs of record or fielded systems; ‘‘(2) includes, for a Federal agency that is in compliance with a requirement described under paragraph (1), a description of how the Federal agency achieved compliance; and ‘‘(3) includes a list, organized by Federal agency, of small business concerns that have asserted that— ‘‘(A) the Government or prime con-tractor— ‘‘(i) did not protect the intellectual prop-erty of the small business concern in accord-ance with data rights under the SBIR or STTR award; or ‘‘(ii) issued a Phase III SBIR or STTR award conditional on relinquishing data rights; ‘‘(B) the Federal agency solicited bids for a contract, or provided funding to an entity other than the small business concern re-ceiving the SBIR or STTR award, that was for work that derived from, extended, or completed efforts made under prior funding agreements under the SBIR program or STTR program; ‘‘(C) the Government or prime contractor did not comply with the SBIR and STTR pol-icy directives and the small business concern filed a comment or complaint to the Office of the National Ombudsman or appealed to the Administrator for intervention; or ‘‘(D) the Federal agency did not comply with subsection (g)(12) or (o)(16) requiring timely notice to the Administrator of any case or controversy before any Federal judi-cial or administrative tribunal concerning the SBIR program or the STTR program of the Federal agency.’’. SEC. 6306. CLARIFYING THE PHASE III PREF-ERENCE. 
Section 9(r) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(r)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (4); (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (4), and transferring such paragraph to after paragraph (3); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) P
HASE III AWARD DIRECTION FOR AGEN -
CIES AND PRIME CONTRACTORS .—To the great-est extent practicable, Federal agencies and Federal prime contractors shall issue Phase III awards relating to technology, including sole source awards and awards under the De-fense Research and Development Rapid Inno-vation Program under section 1073 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4366; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note), to the SBIR and STTR award recipients that developed the technology.’’. 
SEC. 6307. IMPROVEMENTS TO TECHNICAL AND BUSINESS ASSISTANCE. 
Section 9(q) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(q)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
ANDBUSINESS ’’ after ‘‘T ECHNICAL ’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘a vendor selected under paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more ven-dors selected under paragraph (2)(A)’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘and business’’ before ‘‘as-sistance services’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘assistance with product sales, intellectual property protections, mar-ket research, market validation, and devel-opment of regulatory plans and manufac-turing plans,’’ after ‘‘technologies,’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding intellectual property protections’’ before the period at the end; (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Each agency may select a vendor to assist small business concerns to meet’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each agency may select 1 or more vendors from which small business concerns may obtain assistance in meeting’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION BY SMALL BUSINESS CON -
CERN .—A small business concern may, by contract or otherwise, select 1 or more ven-dors to assist the small business concern in meeting the goals listed in paragraph (1).’’; and (4) in paragraph (3)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ each place it appears; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$5,000 per year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$6,500 per project’’; (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘$5,000 per year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$35,000 per project’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘which shall be in addition to the amount of the recipi-ent’s award’’ and inserting ‘‘which may, as determined appropriate by the head of the Federal agency, be included as part of the re-cipient’s award or be in addition to the amount of the recipient’s award’’; (D) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘tech-nical’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘a vendor’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.043 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3307 May 26, 2016 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Business-related services aimed at improv-ing the commercialization success of a small business concern may be obtained from an entity, such as a public or private organiza-tion or an agency of or other entity estab-lished or funded by a State that facilitates or accelerates the commercialization of technologies or assists in the creation and growth of private enterprises that are com-mercializing technology.’’; (E) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘tech-nical’’ each place it appears; and (ii) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more vendors’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘provides’’ and inserting ‘‘provide’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) M
ULTIPLE AWARD RECIPIENTS .—The Administrator shall establish a limit on the amount of technical and business assistance services that may be received or purchased under subparagraph (B) by small business concerns with respect to multiple Phase II SBIR or STTR awards for a fiscal year.’’. TITLE LXIV—PROGRAM DIVERSIFICATION INITIATIVES 
SEC. 6401. REGIONAL SBIR STATE COLLABO-RATIVE INITIATIVE PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (mm)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; (ii) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (J), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) funding for improvements that in-crease commonality across data systems, re-duce redundancy, and improve data over-sight and accuracy.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) SBIR 
AND STTR PROGRAMS ; FAST PRO -
GRAM .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘covered Federal agency’ means a Fed-eral agency that— ‘‘(i) is required to conduct an SBIR pro-gram; and ‘‘(ii) elects to use the funds allocated to the SBIR program of the Federal agency for the purposes described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—Each covered Federal agency shall transfer an amount equal to 15 percent of the funds that are used for the purposes described in paragraph (1) to the Administration— ‘‘(i) for the Regional SBIR State Collabo-rative Initiative Pilot Program established under subsection (uu); ‘‘(ii) for the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program established under sec-tion 34; and ‘‘(iii) to support the Office of the Adminis-tration that administers the SBIR program and the STTR program, subject to agree-ment from other agencies about how the funds will be used, in carrying out those pro-grams and the programs described in clauses (i) and (ii). ‘‘(8) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of amounts provided to the Administration under paragraph (7), not less than $5,000,000 shall be used to provide awards under the Regional SBIR State Col-laborative Initiative Pilot Program estab-lished under subsection (uu) for each fiscal year in which the program is in effect. ‘‘(B) D
ISBURSEMENT FLEXIBILITY .—The Ad- ministration may use any unused funds made available under subparagraph (A) as of April 1 of each fiscal year for awards to carry out clauses (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (7)(B) after providing written notice to— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’; and (2) by adding after subsection (tt), as added by section 6304 of this Act, the following: ‘‘(uu) REGIONAL SBIR S TATE COLLABO -
RATIVE INITIATIVE PILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a research institution; and ‘‘(ii) a small business concern; ‘‘(B) the term ‘eligible State’ means— ‘‘(i) a State that the Administrator deter-mines is in the bottom half of States, based on the average number of annual SBIR pro-gram awards made to companies in the State for the preceding 3 years for which the Ad-ministration has applicable data; and ‘‘(ii) an EPSCoR State that— ‘‘(I) is a State described in clause (i); or ‘‘(II) is— ‘‘(aa) not a State described in clause (i); and ‘‘(bb) invited to participate in a regional collaborative; ‘‘(C) the term ‘EPSCoR State’ means a State that participates in the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research of the National Science Foundation, as es-tablished under section 113 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1862g); ‘‘(D) the term ‘FAST program’ means the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program established under section 34; ‘‘(E) the term ‘pilot program’ means the Regional SBIR State Collaborative Initiative Pilot Program established under paragraph (2); ‘‘(F) the term ‘regional collaborative’ means a collaborative consisting of eligible entities that are located in not less than 3 el-igible States; and ‘‘(G) the term ‘State’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a pilot program, to be known as the Regional SBIR State Collaborative Initiative Pilot Program, under which the Administrator shall provide awards to re-gional collaboratives to address the needs of small business concerns in order to be more competitive in the proposal and selection process for awards under the SBIR program and the STTR program and to increase tech-nology transfer and commercialization. ‘‘(3) G
OALS .—The goals of the pilot pro-gram are— ‘‘(A) to create regional collaboratives that allow eligible entities to work cooperatively to leverage resources to address the needs of small business concerns; ‘‘(B) to grow SBIR program and STTR pro-gram cooperative research and development and commercialization through increased awards under those programs; ‘‘(C) to increase the participation of States that have historically received a lower level of awards under the SBIR program and the STTR program; ‘‘(D) to utilize the strengths and advan-tages of regional collaboratives to better le-verage resources, best practices, and econo-mies of scale in a region for the purpose of increasing awards and increasing the com-mercialization of the SBIR program and STTR projects; ‘‘(E) to increase the competitiveness of the SBIR program and the STTR program; ‘‘(F) to identify sources of outside funding for applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program, including venture capitalists, angel investor groups, private industry, crowd funding, and special loan programs; and ‘‘(G) to offer increased one-on-one engage-ments with companies and entrepreneurs for SBIR program and STTR program education, assistance, and successful outcomes. ‘‘(4) APPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A regional collaborative that desires to participate in the pilot pro-gram shall submit to the Administrator an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Ad-ministrator may require. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF LEAD ELIGIBLE ENTITIES  
AND COORDINATOR .—A regional collaborative shall include in an application submitted under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) the name of each lead eligible entity from each eligible State in the regional col-laborative, as designated under paragraph (5)(A); and ‘‘(ii) the name of the coordinator for the regional collaborative, as designated under paragraph (6). ‘‘(C) A
VOIDANCE OF DUPLICATION .—A re- gional collaborative shall include in an ap-plication submitted under subparagraph (A) an explanation as to how the activities of the regional collaborative under the pilot program would differ from other State and Federal outreach activities in each eligible State in the regional collaborative. ‘‘(5) L
EAD ELIGIBLE ENTITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each eligible State in a regional collaborative shall designate 1 eligi-ble entity located in the eligible State to serve as the lead eligible entity for the eligi-ble State. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZATION BY GOVERNOR .—Each lead eligible entity designated under sub-paragraph (A) shall be authorized to act as the lead eligible entity by the Governor of the applicable eligible State. ‘‘(C) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Each lead eligible entity designated under subparagraph (A) shall be responsible for administering the ac-tivities and program initiatives described in paragraph (7) in the applicable eligible State. ‘‘(6) R
EGIONAL COLLABORATIVE COORDI -
NATOR .—Each regional collaborative shall designate a coordinator from amongst the el-igible entities located in the eligible States in the regional collaborative, who shall serve as the interface between the regional col-laborative and the Administration with re-spect to measuring cross-State collaboration and program effectiveness and documenting best practices. ‘‘(7) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Each regional collabo-rative that is provided an award under the pilot program may, in each eligible State in which an eligible entity of the regional col-laborative is located— ‘‘(A) establish an initiative under which first-time applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program are re-viewed by experienced, national experts in the United States, as determined by the lead eligible entity designated under paragraph (5)(A); ‘‘(B) engage national mentors on a fre-quent basis to work directly with applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program, particularly during Phase II, to assist with the process of preparing and submitting a proposal; ‘‘(C) create and make available an online mechanism to serve as a resource for appli-cants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program to identify and con-nect with Federal labs, prime government contractor companies, other industry part-ners, and regional industry cluster organiza-tions; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.043 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3308 May 26, 2016 
‘‘(D) conduct focused and concentrated outreach efforts to increase participation in the SBIR program and the STTR program by small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women, small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged in-dividuals (as defined in section 8(d)(3)(C)), and historically black colleges and univer-sities; ‘‘(E) administer a structured program of training and technical assistance— ‘‘(i) to prepare applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR pro-gram— ‘‘(I) to compete more effectively for Phase I and Phase II awards; and ‘‘(II) to develop and implement a successful commercialization plan; ‘‘(ii) to assist eligible States focusing on transition and commercialization to win Phase III awards from public and private partners; ‘‘(iii) to create more competitive proposals to increase awards from all Federal sources, with a focus on awards under the SBIR pro-gram and the STTR program; and ‘‘(iv) to assist first-time applicants by pro-viding small grants for proof of concept re-search; and ‘‘(F) assist applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program to identify sources of outside funding, including venture capitalists, angel investor groups, private industry, crowd funding, and special loan programs. ‘‘(8) A
WARD AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall provide an award to each eligible State in which an eligible entity of a regional col-laborative is located in an amount that is not more than $300,000 to carry out the ac-tivities described in paragraph (7). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible State may not receive an award under both the FAST program and the pilot program for the same year. ‘‘(ii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in clause (i) shall be construed to prevent an el-igible State from applying for an award under the FAST program and the pilot pro-gram for the same year. ‘‘(9) D
URATION OF AWARD .—An award pro-vided under the pilot program shall be for a period of not more than 1 year, and may be renewed by the Administrator for 1 addi-tional year. ‘‘(10) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate on September 30, 2021. ‘‘(11) R
EPORT .—Not later than February 1, 2021, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Represent-atives a report on the pilot program, which shall include— ‘‘(A) an assessment of the pilot program and the effectiveness of the pilot program in meeting the goals described in paragraph (3); ‘‘(B) an assessment of the best practices, including an analysis of how the pilot pro-gram compares to the FAST program and a single-State approach; and ‘‘(C) recommendations as to whether any aspect of the pilot program should be ex-tended or made permanent.’’. 
SEC. 6402. FEDERAL AND STATE TECHNOLOGY PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM. 
Section 34 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d) is amended— (1) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2001 through 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2001 through 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (2) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. TITLE LXV—OVERSIGHT AND SIMPLIFICATION INITIATIVES SEC. 6501. DATA MODERNIZATION SUMMIT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Administration’’ means the Small Business Administration; (2) the term ‘‘Committee’’ means the SBIR and STTR Interagency Policy Committee es-tablished under subsection (b); (3) the terms ‘‘Federal agency’’, ‘‘SBIR’’, and ‘‘STTR’’ have the meanings given such terms under section 9(e) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)); (4) the term ‘‘participating Federal agen-cy’’ means a Federal agency with an SBIR program or an STTR program; (5) the term ‘‘phase’’ means Phase I, Phase II, and Phase III, as those terms are defined under section 9(e) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)); and (6) the term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established an interagency committee to be known as the ‘‘SBIR and STTR Interagency Policy Committee’’. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Committee shall in-clude— (1) 2 representatives from each partici-pating Federal agency, of which— (A) 1 shall have expertise with respect to the SBIR program and STTR program of the Federal agency; and (B) 1 shall have expertise with respect to the information technology systems of the Federal agency; and (2) 2 representatives from the Administra-tion, of which— (A) 1 shall serve as chairperson of the Com-mittee; and (B) 1 shall be from the Information Tech-nology Development Team of the Office of Investment and Innovation of the Adminis-tration. (d) D
UTIES .—The Committee shall review the recommendations made in the report to Congress by the Office of Science and Tech-nology of the Administration entitled ‘‘SBIR/STTR TechNet Public & Government Databases’’, dated September 15, 2014, and the practices of participating Federal agen-cies to— (1) determine how to collect data on achievements by small business concerns in each phase of the SBIR program and the STTR program and ensure collection and dis-semination of such data in a timely, effi-cient, and uniform manner; (2) establish a uniform baseline for metrics that support improving the solicitation, con-tracting, funding, and execution of program management in the SBIR program and the STTR program; (3) normalize formatting and database usage across participating Federal agencies; and (4) determine the feasibility of developing a common system across all participating Federal agencies and the paperwork require-ments under such a common system. (e) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than Sep-tember 31, 2018, the Committee shall brief the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Small Business of the House of Representatives on the solutions identified by the Committee under subsection (d) and resources needed to execute the solutions. SEC. 6502. IMPLEMENTATION OF OUTSTANDING REAUTHORIZATION PROVISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 9(mm) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(mm)), as amended by section 6401(1) of this Act, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (3) and (9)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) S
USPENSION OF FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) F
OR FEDERAL AGENCIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For fiscal years 2018 and 2019, any Federal agency that has not imple-mented each provision of law described in clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) shall continue to provide amounts to the Administration in accordance with para-graph (7)(B); and ‘‘(II) may not use any additional amounts as described in paragraph (1) until 30 days after the date on which the Federal agency submits to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives documentation dem-onstrating that the Federal agency has im-plemented and is in compliance with each provision of law described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) P
ROVISIONS .—The provisions of law de-scribed in this subparagraph are the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I) Subsection (r)(4), relating to Phase III preferences. ‘‘(II) Paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (y), relating to insertion goals. ‘‘(III) Subsection (g)(4)(B), relating to shortening the decision time for SBIR awards. ‘‘(IV) Subsection (o)(4)(B), relating to shortening the decision time for STTR awards. ‘‘(V) Subsection (v), relating to reducing paperwork and compliance burdens. ‘‘(B) F
OR ADMINISTRATION .—For fiscal years 2018 and 2019, if the Administration is not in compliance with subsection (b)(7), relating to annual reports to Congress, the Adminis-tration may not use amounts received under paragraph (7)(B) of this subsection for a pur-pose described in clause (iii) of such para-graph (7)(B).’’. (b) C
LARIFICATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 9(b)(7) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(b)(7)) is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by strik-ing ‘‘not less than annually’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than December 31 of each year’’. 
SEC. 6503. STRENGTHENING OF THE REQUIRE-MENT TO SHORTEN THE APPLICA-TION REVIEW AND DECISION TIME. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (g)(4), by striking sub-paragraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) make a final decision on each pro-posal submitted under the SBIR program— ‘‘(i) for the Department of Health and Human Services, not later than 1 year after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes, with a goal to reduce the review and decision time to less than 10 months by Sep-tember 30, 2019; ‘‘(ii) for the Department of Agriculture and the National Science Foundation, not later than 6 months after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes; or ‘‘(iii) for any other Federal agency— ‘‘(I) not later than 90 days after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes; or ‘‘(II) if the Administrator authorizes an ex-tension with respect to a solicitation, not later than 90 days after the date that would otherwise be applicable to the Federal agen-cy under subclause (I);’’; and (2) in subsection (o)(4), by striking sub-paragraph (B) and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.043 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3309 May 26, 2016 
‘‘(B) make a final decision on each pro-posal submitted under the STTR program— ‘‘(i) for the Department of Health and Human Services, not later than 1 year after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes, with a goal to reduce the review and decision time to less than 10 months by Sep-tember 30, 2019; ‘‘(ii) for the Department of Agriculture and the National Science Foundation, not later than 6 months after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes; or ‘‘(iii) for any other Federal agency— ‘‘(I) not later than 90 days after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes; or ‘‘(II) if the Administrator authorizes an ex-tension with respect to a solicitation, not later than 90 days after the date that would otherwise be applicable to the Federal agen-cy under subclause (I);’’. 
SEC. 6504. CONTINUED GAO OVERSIGHT OF ALLO-CATION COMPLIANCE AND ACCU-RACY IN FUNDING BASE CALCULA-TIONS. 
Section 5136(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (15 U.S.C. 638 note) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘until the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act’’ and insert ‘‘until the date on which the Comp-troller General of the United States submits the report relating to fiscal year 2019’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) assess whether the change in the base funding for the Department of Defense as re-quired by subparagraphs (J) and (K) of sec-tion 9(f)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(f)(1))— ‘‘(i) improves transparency for determining whether the Department is complying with the allocation requirements; ‘‘(ii) reduces the burden of calculating the allocations; and ‘‘(iii) improves the compliance of the De-partment with the allocation requirements; and’’; and (3) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘under sub-paragraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘under sub-paragraphs (B) and (C)’’. TITLE LXVI—PARTICIPATION BY WOMEN AND MINORITIES 
SEC. 6601. SBA COORDINATION ON INCREASING OUTREACH FOR WOMEN AND MI-NORITY-OWNED BUSINESSES. 
Section 9(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) to coordinate with participating agencies on efforts to increase outreach and awards under each of the SBIR and STTR programs to small business concerns owned and controlled by women and socially and economically disadvantaged small business concerns, as defined in section 8(a)(4).’’. 
SEC. 6602. FEDERAL AGENCY OUTREACH RE-QUIREMENTS FOR WOMEN AND MI-NORITY-OWNED BUSINESSES. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (12), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) implement an outreach program to small business concerns for the purpose of enhancing its SBIR program, under which the Federal agency shall— ‘‘(A) provide outreach to small business concerns owned and controlled by women and socially and economically disadvantaged small business concerns, as defined in sec-tion 8(a)(4); and ‘‘(B) establish goals for outreach by the Federal agency to the small business con-cerns described in subparagraph (A).’’; and (2) in subsection (o)(14), by striking ‘‘SBIR program;’’ and inserting ‘‘SBIR program, under which the Federal agency shall— ‘‘(A) provide outreach to small business concerns owned and controlled by women and socially and economically disadvantaged small business concerns, as defined in sec-tion 8(a)(4); and ‘‘(B) establish goals for outreach by the Federal agency to the small business con-cerns described in subparagraph (A).’’. SEC. 6603. STTR POLICY DIRECTIVE MODIFICA-TION. 
Section 9(p) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(p)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL MODIFICATIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall mod-ify the policy directive issued pursuant to this subsection to provide for enhanced out-reach efforts to increase the participation of small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women and socially and economi-cally disadvantaged small business concerns, as defined in section 8(a)(4), in technological innovation and in STTR programs.’’. 
SEC. 6604. INTERAGENCY SBIR/STTR POLICY COMMITTEE. 
Section 5124 of the SBIR/STTR Reauthor-ization Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1837) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Interagency SBIR/ STTR Policy Committee shall meet not less than twice per year to carry out the duties under subsection (c). ‘‘(2) O
UTREACH AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  
ACTIVITIES .—If the Interagency SBIR/STTR Policy Committee meets to discuss outreach and technical assistance activities to in-crease the participation of small business concerns that are underrepresented in the SBIR and STTR programs, the Committee shall invite to the meeting— ‘‘(A) a representative of the Minority Busi-ness Development Agency; and ‘‘(B) relevant stakeholders that work to advance the interests of— ‘‘(i) small business concerns owned and controlled by women, as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632); and ‘‘(ii) socially and economically disadvan-taged small business concerns, as defined in section 8(a)(4) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(4)).’’. 
SEC. 6605. DIVERSITY AND STEM WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration; (2) the term ‘‘covered STEM intern’’ means a student at, or recent graduate from, an in-stitution of higher education serving as an intern— (A) whose course of study studied is fo-cused on the STEM fields; and (B) who is a woman or a person from an underrepresented population in the STEM fields; (3) the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means a small business concern that— (A) is receiving amounts under an award under the SBIR program or the STTR pro-gram of a Federal agency on the date on which the Federal agency awards a grant to the small business concern under subsection (b); and (B) provides internships for covered STEM interns; (4) the terms ‘‘Federal agency’’, ‘‘SBIR’’, and ‘‘STTR’’ have the meanings given those terms under section 9(e) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)); (5) the term ‘‘institution of higher edu-cation’’ has the meaning given the term under section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)); (6) the term ‘‘person from an underrep-resented population in the STEM fields’’ means a person from a group that is under-represented in the population of STEM stu-dents, as determined by the Administrator; (7) the term ‘‘pilot program’’ means the Di-versity and STEM Workforce Development Pilot Program established under subsection (b); (8) the term ‘‘recent graduate’’, relating to a woman or a person from an underrep-resented population in the STEM fields, means that the woman or person from an underrepresented population in the STEM fields earned an associate degree, bacca-laureate degree, or postbaccalaureate from an institution of higher education during the 1-year period beginning on the date of the in-ternship; (9) the term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given the term under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632); and (10) the term ‘‘STEM fields’’ means the fields of science, technology, engineering, and math. (b) PILOT PROGRAM FOR INTERNSHIPS FOR  W
OMEN AND PEOPLE FROM UNDERREP -
RESENTED POPULATIONS .—The Administrator shall establish a Diversity and STEM Work-force Development Pilot Program to encour-age the business community to provide workforce development opportunities for covered STEM interns, under which a Fed-eral agency participating in the SBIR pro-gram or STTR program may make a grant to 1 or more eligible entities for the costs of in-ternships for covered STEM interns. (c) A
MOUNT AND USE OF GRANTS .— (1) A
MOUNT .—A grant under subsection (b)— (A) may not be in an amount of more than $15,000 per fiscal year; and (B) shall be in addition to the amount of the award to the recipient under the SBIR program or the STTR program. (2) U
SE.—Not less than 90 percent of the amount of a grant under subsection (b) shall be used by the eligible entity to provide sti-pends or other similar payments to interns. (d) E
VALUATION .—Not later than January 31 of the first calendar year after the third fiscal year during which the Administrator carries out the pilot program, the Adminis-trator shall submit to Congress— (1) data on the results of the pilot program, such as the number and demographics of the covered STEM interns participating in an in-ternship funded under the pilot program and the amount spent on such internships; and (2) an assessment of whether the pilot pro-gram helped the SBIR program and STTR program achieve the congressional objective of fostering and encouraging the participa-tion of women and persons from underrep-resented populations in the STEM fields. (e) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate after the end of the fourth fiscal year during which the Administrator carries out the pilot program. (f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out the pilot program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.043 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3310 May 26, 2016 
TITLE LXVII—TECHNICAL CHANGES 
SEC. 6701. UNIFORM REFERENCE TO THE DE-PARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (cc), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Institutes of Health’’ and inserting ‘‘Department of Health and Human Serv-ices’’; and (2) in subsection (dd)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘Director of the National Institutes of Health’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Health and Human Services’’. 
SEC. 6702. FLEXIBILITY FOR PHASE II AWARD IN-VITATIONS. 
Section 9(e)(4)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)(4)(B)) is amended in the matter preceding clause (i)— (1) by striking ‘‘, which shall not include any invitation, pre-screening, or pre-selec-tion process for eligibility for Phase II,’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘in which eligibility for an award shall not be based only on an invita-tion, pre-screening, or pre-selection process and’’ before ‘‘in which awards’’. 
SA 4254. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. EXCLUSION OF INDUSTRIAL HEMP FROM DEFINITION OF MARIHUANA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102 of the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802) is amended— (1) in paragraph (16)— (A) by striking ‘‘(16) The’’ and inserting ‘‘(16)(A) The’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) The term ‘marihuana’ does not in-clude industrial hemp.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(57) The term ‘industrial hemp’ means the plant Cannabis sativa L. and any part of such plant, whether growing or not, with a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol concentration of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis.’’. (b) I
NDUSTRIAL HEMP DETERMINATION BY  S
TATES .—Section 201 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 811) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) I
NDUSTRIAL HEMP DETERMINATION .—If a person grows or processes Cannabis sativa L. for purposes of making industrial hemp in accordance with State law, the Cannabis sativa L. shall be deemed to meet the con-centration limitation under section 102(57), unless the Attorney General determines that the State law is not reasonably calculated to comply with section 102(57).’’. 
SA 4255. Mr. REID (for Mr. B
LUMENTHAL (for himself, Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. L EAHY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. R EED, and Mrs. B
OXER )) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by Mr. R
EIDto the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 829H. 
SA 4256. Mr. REID (for Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. R
EIDto the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. PARTICIPATION OF VETERANS IN TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a memorandum of under-standing under which a veteran, during the one-year period beginning on the date on which the veteran is discharged or separates from service in the Armed Forces, may par-ticipate in the Transition Assistance Pro-gram (TAP) of the Department of Defense. (b) C
OUNSELING AT MILITARY INSTALLA -
TIONS .—As part of their participation in the Transition Assistance Program under sub-section (a), veterans may receive transition assistance counseling under the program at any military installation at which transition assistance counseling is being provided to members of the Armed Forces under the pro-gram. (c) V
ETERAN DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 4257. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 740. IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDA-TIONS REGARDING INTEROPERABLE ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD BE-TWEEN THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE AND THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2017, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall imple-ment all recommendations set forth by the Comptroller General of the United States be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act re-garding the achievement of an interoperable electronic health record between the Depart-ment of Defense and the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to Con-gress a report on the progress of the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs in completing each action re-lating to the achievement of an interoper-able electronic health record between the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs that the Comptroller General determines has not been addressed. SA 4258. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. EXCEPTION FROM PUBLIC DISCLO-SURE OF MANIFEST INFORMATION FOR THE SHIPMENT OF HOUSEHOLD GOODS OF MEMBERS OF THE UNI-FORMED FORCES AND FEDERAL EM-PLOYEES. 
Section 431(c)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1431(c)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon and ‘‘or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) the shipment consists of used house-hold goods and personal effects, including personally owned vehicles, which are items that are for residential or professional use, are not for commercial resale, and are owned by a private individual who is— ‘‘(i) an employee, as that term is defined in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, who is shipping the goods and effects as part of a transfer of the employee from one offi-cial station to another for permanent duty or the spouse or dependent, as that term is defined in section 8901 of such title, of such employee; or ‘‘(ii) a member of a uniformed service, as that term is defined in section 101 of title 37, United States Code, who is shipping the goods and effects as part of a permanent change of station or a dependent, as that term is defined in section 401 of such title, of such member.’’. 
SA 4259. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 899C. STRATEGIC SOURCING IMPROVE-MENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Defense; (2) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Defense; and (3) the term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (b) F
INDINGS AND PURPOSES .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (A) Congress supports efforts by agencies to achieve efficiencies in the procurement of goods and services. (B) The Government Accountability Office has reported that efficiencies and savings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.043 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3311 May 26, 2016 
may be possible through the use of strategic sourcing, which is a process that moves an organization away from numerous individual procurements toward a broader, more aggre-gate approach. (C) At the same time, Congress is con-cerned that strategic sourcing could have a negative impact on some small business con-cerns. (D) The Department has taken steps to consider this potential impact, but the Gov-ernment Accountability Office has found that more could be done. (2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to require the Department implement strategic sourcing in a manner consistent with the recommendations of Government Accountability Office, which are intended to maximize the benefits derived through stra-tegic sourcing while minimizing any undue negative impacts on small business concerns. (c) I
MPROVING THE USE OF STRATEGIC  S
OURCING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, shall establish performance measures for the inclusion of small business concerns in Department-wide strategic sourcing initiatives, including ef-forts being conducted through the Federal Strategic Sourcing Initiative and the Cat-egory Management Initiative; (2) the Secretary shall submit to the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives baseline data on, and performance measures for, the participation of small business concerns in strategic sourcing initiatives established by the Department, which shall include partici-pation as subcontractors to the extent fea-sible and that data is available; and (3) the Administrator for Federal Procure-ment Policy shall begin monitoring the in-clusion of small business concerns in stra-tegic sourcing initiatives by the Depart-ment, including evaluating whether the De-partment is meeting the performance meas-ures described in paragraph (2). 
SA 4260. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. E RNST , Ms. M
IKULSKI , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. W AR-
NER) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 926. ESTABLISHMENT OF A UNIFIED COM-BATANT COMMAND FOR CYBER OP-ERATIONS FORCES. 
With the advice and assistance of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the President shall, through the Secretary of De-fense, establish a unified combatant com-mand for cyber operations forces. The prin-cipal function of the command is to prepare cyber operations forces to carry out assigned missions and to execute such missions when directed. 
SA 4261. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. ENROLLMENT OF CIVILIAN EMPLOY-EES OF THE HOMELAND SECURITY INDUSTRY IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE INSTITUTE OF TECH-NOLOGY. 
(a) E NROLLMENT AUTHORIZED .—Section 9314a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and homeland security in-dustry employees’’ after ‘‘defense industry employees’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘or homeland security in-dustry employee’’ after ‘‘defense industry employee’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘or homeland security-fo-cused’’ after ‘‘defense-focused’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘125 de-fense industry employees’’ and inserting ‘‘an aggregate of 125 defense industry employees and homeland security industry employees’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or home-land security industry employee’’ after ‘‘de-fense industry employee’’ each place it ap-pears; (2) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘and homeland security industry employees’’ after ‘‘defense industry employees’’ each place it appears; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and homeland security in-dustry employees’’ after ‘‘defense industry employees’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or homeland security’’ after ‘‘and defense’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or the Department of Homeland Security, as appli-cable’’ after ‘‘the Department of Defense’’; (4) in subsection (f), by inserting ‘‘and homeland security industry employees’’ after ‘‘defense industry employees’’. (b) H
OMELAND SECURITY INDUSTRY EMPLOY -
EES.—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) by inserting after the first sentence the following new sentence: ‘‘For purposes of this section, an eligible homeland security industry employee is an individual employed by a private firm in one of the critical infra-structure sectors identified in Presidential Policy Directive 21 (Critical Infrastructure Security and Resilience).’’; and (2) in the last sentence, by inserting ‘‘or homeland security industry employee’’ after ‘‘defense industry employee’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 9314a. United States Air Force Institute of Technology: admission of defense industry civilians; admission of homeland security industry civilians’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 901 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 9314a and inserting the following new item: ‘‘9314a. United States Air Force Institute of Technology: admission of de-fense industry civilians; admis-sion of homeland security in-dustry civilians.’’. SA 4262. Mr. KIRK submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 538. QUALIFICATIONS FOR ENLISTMENT IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) A DDITIONAL QUALIFIED PERSONS .—Para- graph (1) of subsection (b) of section 504 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (E); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(C) A person who, at the time of enlist-ment in an armed force, has resided continu-ously in a lawful status in the United States for at least two years. ‘‘(D) A person who, at the time of enlist-ment in an armed force, possesses an em-ployment authorization document issued by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services under the requirements of the De-partment of Homeland Security policy enti-tled ‘Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals’ (DACA).’’. (b) A
DMISSION TO PERMANENT RESIDENCE OF  C
ERTAIN ENLISTEES .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) A
DMISSION TO PERMANENT RESIDENCE  
OFCERTAIN ENLISTEES .—(1) A person de-scribed in subsection (b) who, at the time of enlistment in an armed force, is not a citizen or other national of the United States or lawfully admitted for permanent residence shall be adjusted to the status of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence under the provisions of section 249 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1259), except that the alien need not— ‘‘(A) establish that he or she entered the United States prior to January 1, 1972; and ‘‘(B) comply with section 212(e) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(e)). ‘‘(2) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall rescind the lawful permanent resident status of a person whose status was adjusted under paragraph (1) if the person is separated from the armed forces under other than hon-orable conditions before the person served for a period or periods aggregating five years. Such grounds for rescission are in ad-dition to any other provided by law. The fact that the person was separated from the armed forces under other than honorable conditions shall be proved by a duly authen-ticated certification from the armed force in which the person last served. The service of the person in the armed forces shall be proved by duly authenticated copies of the service records of the person. ‘‘(3) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to alter the process prescribed by sections 328, 329, and 329A of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1439, 1440, 1440– 1) by which a person may naturalize through service in the armed forces.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 504. Persons not qualified; citizenship or residency requirements; exceptions’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 31 of such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.044 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3312 May 26, 2016 
title is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 504 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘504. Persons not qualified; citizenship or residency requirements; excep-tions.’’. 
SEC. 539. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PERSONS AS HAVING SATISFIED ENGLISH AND CIVICS, GOOD MORAL CHARACTER, AND HONORABLE SERVICE AND DIS-CHARGE REQUIREMENTS FOR NATU-RALIZATION. 
(a) I MMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT.— The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 329A (8 U.S.C. 1440–1) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 329B. PERSONS WHO HAVE RECEIVED AN AWARD FOR ENGAGEMENT IN AC-TIVE COMBAT OR ACTIVE PARTICI-PATION IN COMBAT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of natu-ralization and continuing citizenship under the following provisions of law, a person who has received an award described in sub-section (b) shall be treated— ‘‘(A) as having satisfied the requirements under sections 312(a) and 316(a)(3), and sub-sections (b)(3), (c), and (e) of section 328; and ‘‘(B) except as provided in paragraph (2), under sections 328 and 329— ‘‘(i) as having served honorably in the Armed Forces for (in the case of section 328) a period or periods aggregating 1 year; and ‘‘(ii) if separated from such service, as hav-ing been separated under honorable condi-tions. ‘‘(2) R
EVOCATION .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1)(B), any person who separated from the Armed Forces under other than honor-able conditions may be subject to revocation of citizenship under section 328(f) or 329(c) if the other requirements under such section are met. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—This section shall apply with respect to the following awards from the Armed Forces of the United States: ‘‘(1) The Combat Infantryman Badge from the Army. ‘‘(2) The Combat Medical Badge from the Army. ‘‘(3) The Combat Action Badge from the Army. ‘‘(4) The Combat Action Ribbon from the Navy, the Marine Corps, or the Coast Guard. ‘‘(5) The Air Force Combat Action Medal. ‘‘(6) Any other award that the Secretary of Defense determines to be an equivalent award for engagement in active combat or active participation in combat.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 329A the following: ‘‘Sec. 329B. Persons who have received an award for engagement in active combat or active participation in combat.’’. 
SA 4263. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add the following: SEC. 1667. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE BAL-LISTIC MISSILE THREAT OF NORTH KOREA AND THE DEPLOYMENT OF TERMINAL HIGH ALTITUDE AREA DEFENSE IN SOUTH KOREA. 
It is the sense of Congress— (1) that the short-range, medium-range, and long-range ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) represent an imminent and growing threat to the Republic of Korea (ROK), Japan, and the United States homeland; (2) that, according to open sources, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea cur-rently fields an estimated 700 short-range ballistic missiles, 200 Nodong medium-range ballistic missiles, and 100 Musudan inter-mediate-range ballistic missiles; (3) that, in March 2016, the United States and Republic of Korea officially began for-mal consultations regarding the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system to the Re-public of Korea; (4) that the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense missile defense system would effec-tively complement and significantly strengthen the existing missile defense capa-bilities of the United States on the Korean Peninsula; (5) that the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense missile defense system is a limited defensive system that does not represent a threat to any of the neighbors of the Repub-lic of Korea; (6) to welcome deployment consultation talks between United States and the Repub-lic of Korea on the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense missile defense system and to consider the deployment of that system as a sovereign choice of the Republic of Korean Government and a bilateral decision of the alliance between the United States and the Republic of Korea to protect the citizens of the Republic of Korea against the growing ballistic missile threat from the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and provide fur-ther protection to alliance forces serving on the Korean Peninsula; and (7) to welcome joint missile defenses exer-cises between the United States, the Repub-lic of Korea, and Japan against the ballistic missile threat from the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and encourage further tri-lateral defense cooperation between the United States, the Republic of Korea, and Japan. 
SA 4264. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 45, strike lines 1 through 13 and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 125. BASELINE ESTIMATE FOR THE AD-VANCED ARRESTING GEAR PRO-GRAM. 
The Secretary of Defense 
SA 4265. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Beginning on page 45, strike line 20 and all that follows through page 47, line 22, and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 126. REPORTING ON USS JOHN F. KENNEDY (CV–79) AND USS ENTERPRISE (CVN– 80). 
(a) R EPORT ON CVN–79 AND CVN–80.—Not later than December 1, 2016, the Secretary of the Navy and the Chief of Naval Operations shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on alternatives, includ-ing de-scoping requirements if necessary, to achieve a CVN–80 procurement end cost of $12,000,000,000. In addition, the report shall describe all applicable CVN–80 alternatives that could be applied to CVN–79 to enable an $11,000,000,000 procurement end cost. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON CVN–79 AND CVN– 80.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy and the Chief of Naval Operations shall an-nually submit, with the budget of the Presi-dent submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a progress report describing efforts to attain the CVN–79 and CVN–80 procurement end costs specified in subsection (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following elements: (A) A description of progress made toward achieving the procurement end costs speci-fied in subsection (a), including realized cost savings. (B) A description of specific low value- added or unnecessary elements of program cost that have been reduced or eliminated. (C) Cost savings estimates for current and planned initiatives. (D) A schedule including a spend plan with phasing of key obligations and outlays, deci-sion points when savings could be realized, and key events that must take place to exe-cute initiatives and achieve savings. (E) Instances of lower estimates used in contract negotiations. (F) A description of risks to achieving the procurement end costs specified in sub-section (a). (G) A description of incentives or rewards provided or planned to be provided for meet-ing the procurement end costs specified in subsection (a). 
SA 4266. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 127. 
SA 4267. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 844, strike subsection (e). 
SA 4268. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:28 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.045 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3313 May 26, 2016 
military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1038. 
SA 4269. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1260. 
SA 4270. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1611. 
SA 4271. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO PROCURE, OR ENTER INTO ANY CON-TRACT FOR THE PROCUREMENT OF, ANY GOODS OR SERVICES FROM PERSONS THAT PROVIDE MATERIAL SUPPORT TO CERTAIN IRANIAN PER-SONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—No funds authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 may be used to procure, or enter into any contract for the procure-ment of, any goods or services from any per-son that provides material support to, in-cluding engaging in a significant transaction or transactions with, a covered Iranian per-son during such fiscal year. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation shall be revised to require a certification from each person that is a pro-spective contractor that such person does not engage in any of the conduct described in subsection (a). Such revision shall apply with respect to contracts in an amount greater than the simplified acquisition threshold (as defined in section 134 of title 41, United States Code) for which solicita-tions are issued on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treasury, may, on a case-by-case basis, waive the limitation in subsection (a) with respect to a person if the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treasury— (1) determines that the waiver is important to the national security interest of the United States; and (2) submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a notification of, and detailed justification for, the waiver not less than 30 days before the date on which the waiver is to take effect. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OVERED IRANIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘covered Iranian person’’ means an Iranian person that— (A) is included on the list of specially des-ignated nationals and blocked persons main-tained by the Office of Foreign Assets Con-trol of the Department of the Treasury and the property and interests in property of which are blocked pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) for acting on behalf of or at the direction of, or being owned or con-trolled by, the Government of Iran; (B) is included on the list of persons identi-fied as blocked solely pursuant to Executive Order 13599; or (C) in the case of an Iranian person de-scribed in paragraph (3)(B)— (i) is owned, directly or indirectly, by— (I) Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, or any agent or affiliate thereof; or (II) one or more other Iranian persons that are included on the list of specially des-ignated nationals and blocked persons as de-scribed in subparagraph (A) if such Iranian persons collectively own a 25 percent or greater interest in the Iranian person; or (ii) is controlled, managed, or directed, di-rectly or indirectly, by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, or any agent or affiliate there-of, or by one or more other Iranian persons described in clause (i)(II). (3) I
RANIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘Iranian person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a national of Iran; or (B) an entity that is organized under the laws of Iran or otherwise subject to the juris-diction of the Government of Iran. (4) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means has the meaning given such term in section 560.305 of title 31, Code of Federal Regula-tion, as such section 560.305 was in effect on April 22, 2016. (5) S
IGNIFICANT TRANSACTION OR TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The term ‘‘significant transaction or transactions’’ shall be determined, for purposes of this section, in accordance with section 561.404 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as such section 561.404 was in ef-fect on January 1, 2016. 
SA 4272. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 212 and insert the following: SEC. 212. ENHANCEMENT AND PERMANENT AU-THORITY FOR DEFENSE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT RAPID INNOVA-TION PROGRAM. 
(a) C OORDINATION OF PROGRAM .—Subsection (a) of section 1073 of the Ike Skelton Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4366; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The program shall be coordinated with the senior acquisition ex-ecutives of the departments, Agencies, and components of the Department of Defense.’’. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EXPENDI -
TURES .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) D
OD E XPENDITURES .—(1) For fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Department of Defense shall obligate for ex-penditure for eligible technologies not less than 0.5 percent of the aggregate budget of the Department of Defense for such fiscal year for research, development, test, and evaluation and available for projects and ac-tivities at the level of Advanced Component Development Prototypes and above (referred to as ‘6.4’ and above). ‘‘(2) Nothing in paragraph (1) may be con-strued to prohibit the departments, Agen-cies, and components of the Department from expending on eligible technologies in a fiscal year an amount for that fiscal year in excess of the amount otherwise required by that paragraph.’’. (c) P
ERMANENT AUTHORITY .—Such section is further amended by striking subsection (f). 
SA 4273. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 899C. PILOT PROGRAM FOR STREAMLINED TECHNOLOGY TRANSITION FROM THE SBIR AND STTR PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘commercialization’’, ‘‘SBIR’’, ‘‘STTR’’, ‘‘Phase I’’, ‘‘Phase II’’, and ‘‘Phase III’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 9(e) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)); (2) the term ‘‘covered small business con-cern’’ means— (A) a small business concern that com-pleted a Phase II award under the SBIR or STTR program of the Department of De-fense; or (B) a small business concern that— (i) completed a Phase I award under the SBIR or STTR program of the Department of Defense; and (ii) a contracting officer for the Depart-ment of Defense recommends for inclusion in a multiple award contract described in sub-section (b); (3) the term ‘‘multiple award contract’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3302(a) of title 41, United States Code; (4) the term ‘‘pilot program’’ means the pilot program established under subsection (b); and (5) the term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of the Defense may establish a pilot program under which the Department of Defense shall award multiple award contracts to covered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.046 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3314 May 26, 2016 
small business concerns for the purchase of technologies, supplies, or services that the covered small business concern has devel-oped through the SBIR or STTR program. (c) W
AIVER OF COMPETITION IN CONTRACTING  A
CTREQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary of the Defense may establish procedures to waive provisions of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for purposes of carrying out the pilot program. (d) U
SE OF CONTRACT VEHICLE .—A multiple award contract described in subsection (b) may be used by any service or component of the Department of Defense. (e) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program es-tablished under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2022. (f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent the commercialization of products and services produced by a small business concern under an SBIR or STTR program of a Federal agen-cy through— (1) direct awards for Phase III of an SBIR or STTR program; or (2) any other contract vehicle. 
SA 4274. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1114. PAY PARITY FOR DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE EMPLOYEES EMPLOYED AT JOINT BASES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— (1) the term ‘‘covered joint military instal-lation’’ means a joint military installation— (A) created as a result of the recommenda-tions of the Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Commission in the 2005 base clo-sure round; and (B) for which the Federal Prevailing Rate Advisory Committee has recommended that the Office of Personnel Management consoli-date to be within the same pay locality; (2) the term ‘‘joint military installation’’ means 2 or more military installations reor-ganized or otherwise associated and operated as a single military installation; (3) the term ‘‘locality pay’’ means any amount payable under section 5304 or 5304a of title 5, United States Code; and (4) the term ‘‘pay locality’’ has the mean-ing given that term by section 5302(5) of title 5, United States Code. (b) P
AYPARITY AT JOINT BASES.—If 2 or more military installations were reorganized or otherwise associated as a single covered joint military installation, and the con-stituent installations are not all located within the same pay locality, all Department of Defense employees of the respective in-stallations constituting the covered joint military installation (who are otherwise en-titled to locality pay) shall receive locality pay at a uniform percentage equal to the percentage which is payable with respect to the pay locality which includes the con-stituent installation then receiving the high-est locality pay (expressed as a percentage). (c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Office of Personnel Management shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section. (d) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply with respect to pay periods beginning on or after such date (not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act) as the Secretary of Defense shall determine, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management. SA 4275. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. CERTAIN SERVICE DEEMED TO BE AC-TIVE MILITARY SERVICE FOR PUR-POSES OF LAWS ADMINISTERED BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of section 401(a)(1)(A) of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 (38 U.S.C. 106 note), the Secretary of Defense is deemed to have determined that qualified service of an individual constituted active military service. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF DISCHARGE STATUS .— The Secretary of Defense shall issue an hon-orable discharge under section 401(a)(1)(B) of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 to each person whose qualified service warrants an honorable discharge. Such discharge shall be issued before the end of the one-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) P
ROHIBITION OF RETROACTIVE BENE-
FITS.—No benefits may be paid to any indi-vidual as a result of the enactment of this section for any period before the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) Q
UALIFIED SERVICE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘qualified service’’ means service of an individual as a member of the organization known as the United States Cadet Nurse Corps during the period begin-ning on July 1, 1943, and ending on December 15, 1945. 
SA 4276. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. S
ASSE, and Mr. W ICKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 591 and insert the following: 
SEC. 591. MODIFICATION OF PERSONS SUBJECT TO REGISTER FOR MILITARY SELEC-TIVE SERVICE ONLY PURSUANT TO STATUTE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the decision of the Secretary of Defense to open all military occupational specialties to women raises important legal, political, and social questions about who should be required to register for military selective service and how the Military Selec-tive Service Act currently benefits the na-tional security of the United States. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than July 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the current and future need for a centralized registration system for military selective service. The report shall include an assess-ment of— (1) whether a continuing need exists for a selective service system designed to produce large quantities of combat troops; and (2) if so, whether that system should in-clude mandatory registration by citizens and residents regardless of gender. (c) MODIFICATION ONLYPURSUANT TO STAT-
UTE.—Section 3 of the Military Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3802) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(c) Any modification or change to the per-sons subject to register pursuit to this sec-tion may be made only through an Act of Congress.’’. (d) P
ROHIBITION ON COURT JURISDICTION OF  C
LAIMS REGARDING CLASS OF PERSONS WITH D
UTYTOREGISTER .—No court created by Act of Congress shall have any jurisdiction, and the Supreme Court shall have no appellate jurisdiction, to hear or decide any question or claim, whether filed before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act, per-taining to the interpretation of, or the valid-ity under the Constitution of, the class of persons subject to the duty to register for purposes of the Military Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). 
SA 4277. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1613. COMMERCIAL USE OF EXCESS INTER-CONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILES BY UNITED STATES COMMERCIAL SPACE TRANSPORTATION SERVICES PROVIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 50134(b) of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND UNITED STATES COMMERCIAL ’’ after ‘‘A
UTHORIZED FEDERAL ’’; and (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘A missile described’’ and all that follows through ‘‘such missile—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘A missile described in subsection (c) may be converted for use as a space transportation vehicle by the Fed-eral Government or a United States commer-cial provider if, except as provided in para-graph (2) and at least 30 days before such conversion, the agency seeking to use the missile as a space transportation vehicle, or to provide the missile to a United States commercial provider for use as a space trans-portation vehicle, as the case may be, trans-mits to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Science and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, a certification that the use of such missile, or the provision of such missile to a United States commer-cial provider for such use, as applicable—’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘when compared’’ and all that follows and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-serting the following new subparagraph (B): ‘‘(B) if such missile is being provided to a United States commercial provider, such missile was made broadly available to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.046 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3315 May 26, 2016 
United States commercial providers before being provided to the United States commer-cial provider concerned;’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ; T ERMI-
NATION .—Section 50134 of such title is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) N
UMBER OF FLIGHT VEHICLES PRODUCED  
YEARLY BY ANY SINGLE PROVIDER .—The total number of space transportation vehicles pro-duced by any United States commercial pro-vider in a year using motors from missiles transferred or otherwise provided to the United States commercial provider under this section in any year may not 5 exceed ve-hicles. ‘‘(2) N
UMBER OF FLIGHT VEHICLES PRODUCED  
YEARLY BY ALL PROVIDERS .—The total num-ber of space transportation vehicles produced by United States commercial providers in a year using motors from missiles transferred or otherwise provided to United States com-mercial providers under this section may not exceed 15 vehicles. ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM PAYLOAD MASS .—No space transportation vehicle produced by a United States commercial provider in any year using motors from missiles transferred or otherwise provided to the United States commercial provider under this section may be used to launch multiple payloads from more than one manufacturer that have a combined mass of 200 kg or less. ‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION OF UNITED STATES COM-
MERCIAL PROVIDER AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the authority under this sec-tion to transfer or otherwise provide a mis-sile described in subsection (c) to a United States commercial provider for use as a space transportation vehicle shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The termination of au-thority under paragraph (1) shall not affect the use of motors from missiles transferred or provided to a United States commercial provider under this section pursuant to con-tracts entered into before such termi-nation.’’. (c) M
ULTIAGENCY REVIEW .—Not later than 36 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, the Sec-retary of Commerce, the Secretary of Trans-portation, and the Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion shall jointly conduct a multiagency re-view of the authority provided under section 50134 of title 51, United States Code, as amended by this section, to provide excess intercontinental ballistic missiles to United States commercial space transportation services providers for use as space transpor-tation vehicles, and the limitations under subsection (d) of that section, including an assessment of the costs and benefits of that authority and those limitations and the con-sequences of that authority and those limi-tations for the industrial base of the United States. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, if no significant consequences to the industrial base of the United States are found in the multiagency review required by subsection (c), the authority to provide excess intercontinental ballistic missiles to United States commercial space transpor-tation services providers for use as space transportation vehicles under section 50134 of title 51, United States Code, should be ex-tended before the termination date under subsection (e) of that section. 
SA 4278. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2814. DURATION OF UTILITY ENERGY SERV-ICE CONTRACTS. 
Section 2913 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(e) D
URATION OF CONTRACTS .—An utility energy service contract entered into under this section may have a contract period not to exceed 25 years.’’. 
SA 4279. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 565. RECEIPT BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WITH PRIMARY MARINER DUTIES OF TRAINING THAT COM-PLIES WITH NATIONAL STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) M
EMBERS WITHPRIMARY MARINER DU-
TIES.—(1) For purposes of the program under this section, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall each ensure that members of the armed forces with primary mariner duties receive training that complies with national stand-ards and requirements under the Inter-national Convention on Standards of Train-ing, Certification, and Watchkeeping (STCW). ‘‘(2) The following shall comply with basic training standards under national require-ments and the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping: ‘‘(A) The recruit training provided to each member of the armed forces. ‘‘(B) The training provided to each member of the armed forces who is assigned to a ves-sel. ‘‘(3) Under the program, each member of the armed forces who is assigned to a vessel of at least 100 gross tons (GRT) in a deck or engineering career field shall be provided the following: ‘‘(A) A designated path to applicable cre-dentials under the national requirements and the International Convention on Stand-ards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping consistent with the respon-sibilities of the position to which assigned. ‘‘(B) The opportunity, at Government ex-pense, to attend credentialing programs that provide merchant mariner training not of-fered by the armed forces. ‘‘(4)(A) For purposes of the program, the material specified in subparagraph (B) shall be submitted to the National Maritime Cen-ter of the Coast Guard for assessment of the compliance of such material with national requirements and the International Conven-tion on Standards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping. ‘‘(B) The material specified in this sub-paragraph is as follows: ‘‘(i) The course material of each unclassi-fied course for members of the armed forces in marine navigation, leadership, and oper-ation and maintenance. ‘‘(ii) The unclassified qualifications for as-signment for deck or engineering positions on waterborne vessels. ‘‘(C) The National Maritime Center shall conduct assessments of material for purposes of this paragraph. Such assessments shall evaluate the suitability of material for the service at sea addressed by such material and without regard to the military pay grade of the intended beneficiaries of such mate-rial. ‘‘(D) If material submitted to the National Maritime Center pursuant to this paragraphs is determined not to comply as described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary offering such material to members of the armed forces shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the actions to be taken by such Secretary to bring such material into compliance.’’. (b) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Secretary concerned shall establish, for members of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Sec-retary, procedures as follows: (A) Procedures by which members identify qualification gaps in training and pro-ficiency assessments and complete training or assessments approved by the Coast Guard in addressing such gaps. (B) Procedures by which members obtain service records of any service at sea. (C) Procedures by which members may sub-mit service records of service at sea and other military qualifications to the National Maritime Center for evaluation and issuance of a Merchant Marine Credential. (D) Procedures by which members may ob-tain a medical certificate for use in applica-tions for Merchant Marine Credentials. (2) U
SE OF MILITARY DRUG TEST RESULTS IN  
MERCHANT MARINE CREDENTIAL APPLICA -
TIONS .—The Secretaries of the military de-partments and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall jointly establish procedures by which the results of appropriate drug tests administered to members of the Armed Forces by the military departments may be used for purposes of applications for Mer-chant Marine Credentials. (3) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. (c) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—This section and the amendments made by this section shall be fully implemented by not later than the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 4280. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXVIII, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.050 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3316 May 26, 2016 
SEC. 2804. ANNUAL LOCALITY ADJUSTMENT OF DOLLAR THRESHOLDS APPLICABLE TO UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORITIES. 
Section 2805 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) A
DJUSTMENT OF DOLLAR LIMITATIONS  
FOR LOCATION .—Each fiscal year, the Sec-retary concerned shall adjust the dollar limi-tations specified in this section applicable to an unspecified minor military construction project to reflect the area construction cost index for military construction projects pub-lished by the Department of Defense during the prior fiscal year for the location of the project.’’. 
SA 4281. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 306. AUTHORITY TO USE ENERGY SAVINGS INVESTMENT FUND FOR ENERGY MANAGEMENT INITIATIVES. 
Section 2919(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, to the extent provided for in an appropriations Act,’’. 
SA 4282. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1114. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON BUSINESS CASES ANALYSES FOR DECISIONS AFFECTING THE WORKFORCE AND MODIFYING LOCATIONS OF WHERE WORK WILL BE EXECUTED OR COM-PLETED. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) in a budget constrained environment, the military departments and Defense Agen-cies must utilize all available tools to make informed, supportable decisions in moving workforce and workload from one location or entity to another; (2) such tools should include a properly supported and documented business case analysis (BCA); (3) several military departments and De-fense Agencies have fallen short of proper analysis and support with respect to decision described in paragraph (1) in recent months; (4) in one such case— (A) the Air Force relied exclusively on a rough order economic analysis on an engine source of repair as justification for moving nearly $40,000,000 per year of workload; and (B) before reversing its decision, the Air Force had only planned to accomplish busi-ness case analyses to shift work after award of the solicitation; (5) in another case— (A) the Defense Health Agency announced that it would be closing the Pacific Joint In-formation Technology Center (PJITC), with an annual operation and maintenance cost of $5,800,000, without supporting documentation or analysis; (B) the center performs Health Information Technology (HIT) research and innovation and serves as a test center for joint concept technology development (JCTD) prototyping for the Department of Defense and the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for information technology products and services; (C) if the center is closed, ongoing inter-operability projects between the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs will lose a critical health informa-tion technology research hub which was re-sponsible for the Joint Legacy Viewer (JLV) which, in turn, is deployed throughout the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs and meets required inter-operability standards; (D) Defense Health Agency officials con-tend that the quality of the work completed at the center is not at issue, and they plan to continue the work at a different facility which is not a joint research facility and does not have the capability or capacity to continue the work of the center; (6) before a military department or Defense Agency embarks on a workforce decision of workload in excess of $3,000,000 per year, the Department of Defense needs to understand the possible costs, benefits, risks, and im-pacts to the small business goals, small and disadvantaged contracting agreements, and other sensitivities of the Department associ-ated with such a decision; (7) the military departments and Defense Agencies should perform a business case analysis, as part of any workforce decision described in paragraph (6); (8) any such business case analysis for a workforce decision having an annual esti-mated cost of $5,000,0000 or more should be reviewed and approved by the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, and the Under Sec-retary should provide such business case analysis to the congressional defense com-mittees at least 30 days before taking any action to effect a shift in the workload con-cerned; (9) the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Logistics, Materiel, and Readiness, working with the Cost Analysis Program Evaluation office, should develop minimum standards and criteria for business case analyses cov-ered by this section and a process for the re-view and transparency of such business case analyses; and (10) the Assistant Secretary should submit to the congressional defense committees, by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, a report on the plan of the Assistant Secretary plan to imple-ment the standards and criteria described in paragraph (9). (b) B
USINESS CASEANALYSIS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘business case anal-ysis’’ means a structured methodology and decision support document that aids decision making by identifying and comparing alter-natives by examining the mission and busi-ness impacts (both financial and non-finan-cial), risks, and sensitivities. 
SA 4283. Mr. REID (for Mr. B
LUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. D UR-
BIN)) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by Mr. Reid to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle E of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 663. LIMITATION ON SALE OF DIETARY SUP-PLEMENTS IN COMMISSARY AND EX-CHANGE STORES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Section 2484(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4)(A) The Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, the Federal Trade Commission, and the Office of Dietary Supplements at the Na-tional Institutes of Health, shall establish a definition for a product category for dietary supplements that are considered to be high risk. The dietary supplements included with-in the product category shall include dietary supplements that are marketed for muscle building, weight loss, and sexual enhance-ment. ‘‘(B) A dietary supplement in the product category of dietary supplements considered to be high risk under subparagraph (A) may be sold by a commissary store or exchange store, or a retail establishment operating on a military installation, only if the dietary supplement has been verified by an inde-pendent third party for recognized public standards of identity, purity, strength, and composition, and adherence to related proc-ess standards. ‘‘(C) The Secretary of Defense and the Commissioner of Food and Drugs shall joint-ly identify the third parties that may pro-vide verification under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(D) In this paragraph, the term ‘dietary supplement’ has the meaning given that term in section 201(ff) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 15 321(ff).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to sales that occur on or after such effective date. 
SA 4284. Mr. REID (for Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. Reid to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 597. ENHANCEMENT OF USE OF VETERANS’ SERVICE ORGANIZATIONS TO CARRY OUT THE TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(4), by inserting ‘‘sub-ject to subsection (e),’’ before ‘‘use rep-resentatives’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) U
SE OF VETERANS ’ SERVICE ORGANIZA -
TIONS .—The Secretary of Defense, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, and appropriate veterans’ service organizations shall jointly enter into a memorandum of understanding regarding the manner in which representa-tives of veterans’ service organizations are used for purposes of the program established under this section, including the nature and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.047 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3317 May 26, 2016 
scope of access of such representatives to military installations for that purpose. The memorandum of understanding shall apply to any veterans’ service organization whose representatives are used for purposes of the program, regardless of whether or not the or-ganization is expressly a party to the memo-randum of understanding.’’. (b) V
ETERANS ’ SERVICE ORGANIZATION DE-
FINED .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(h) V
ETERANS ’ SERVICE ORGANIZATION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘veterans’ service organization’ means any organiza-tion recognized by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for the representation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38.’’. 
SA 4285. Mr. KIRK submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. CRITICAL LANGUAGES PRO-FICIENCY BONUSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter IV of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5762. Critical languages proficiency bo-nuses ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘covered agency’ means— ‘‘(A) the Central Intelligence Agency; ‘‘(B) the Defense Intelligence Agency; ‘‘(C) the Federal Bureau of Investigation; ‘‘(D) the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency; ‘‘(E) the National Reconnaissance Office; ‘‘(F) the National Security Agency; and ‘‘(G) the Office of the Director of National Intelligence; ‘‘(2) the term ‘critical language’ means— ‘‘(A) Arabic; ‘‘(B) Urdu; ‘‘(C) Pashto; ‘‘(D) Farsi; ‘‘(E) Dari; ‘‘(F) Tajiki; ‘‘(G) Kurdish; ‘‘(H) Turkish; ‘‘(I) Somali; and ‘‘(J) Hausa; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘ILR’ means the Interagency Language Roundtable. ‘‘(b) B
ONUSES .— ‘‘(1) R
ECRUITING BONUS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of a covered agency may pay a bonus under this section to an individual who is newly appointed as an employee of the covered agency in a na-tional security position. ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT .—The bonus described in sub-paragraph (A) shall be equal to— ‘‘(i) $25,000 if the individual has been as-signed an ILR skill level of 3, as of the date on which the individual is appointed; ‘‘(ii) $31,250 if the individual has been as-signed an ILR skill level of 4, as of the date on which the individual is appointed; and ‘‘(iii) $37,500 if the individual has been as-signed an ILR skill level of 5, as of the date on which the individual is appointed. ‘‘(2) I
NCENTIVE BONUS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of a covered agency may pay a bonus under this section to an individual employed by the covered agency in a national security position if— ‘‘(i) before the date on which the individual is appointed as an employee of the covered agency in a national security position, the individual was not employed in a national security position; and ‘‘(ii) while employed by the covered agency in a national security position, the indi-vidual is assigned an ILR skill level of not lower than 3. ‘‘(B) AMOUNT .—The bonus described in sub-paragraph (A) shall be equal to— ‘‘(i) $20,000 if the individual is assigned an ILR skill level of 3; ‘‘(ii) $25,000 if the individual is assigned an ILR skill level of 4; and ‘‘(iii) $30,000 if the individual is assigned an ILR skill level of 5. ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—An individual may re-ceive only 1 bonus under this paragraph. ‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENT OF AMOUNT .—The head of a covered agency may adjust the amounts of the bonuses described in paragraph (1) and (2) equal to amounts that the head of the cov-ered agency determines is necessary to maintain staff in the covered agency with proficiency in critical languages. ‘‘(4) E
MPLOYEES OF THE FEDERAL BUREAU OF  
INVESTIGATION .—A bonus under this section may be awarded to an employee of the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation in addition to any cash award described in section 5761.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter IV of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘5762. Critical languages proficiency bo-nuses.’’. 
SA 4286. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: Subtitle I—Vietnam Sanctions 
SEC. 1281. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Vietnam Human Rights Sanctions Act’’. 
SEC. 1282. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
DMITTED ; ALIEN ; IMMIGRATION LAWS ; 
NATIONAL .—The terms ‘‘admitted’’, ‘‘alien’’, ‘‘immigration laws’’, and ‘‘national’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Finance, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, and the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (3) C
ONVENTION AGAINST TORTURE .—The term ‘‘Convention against Torture’’ means the United Nations Convention against Tor-ture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, done at New York on December 10, 1984. (4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. SEC. 1283. LIMITATIONS ON ARMS TRANSFERS TO VIETNAM. 
(a) L IMITATION ON ARMS TRANSFERS .—No letter of offer to sell major defense equip-ment to Vietnam may be issued pursuant to the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) and no license to export major de-fense equipment to Vietnam may be issued pursuant to that Act in a fiscal year until the Secretary of State, under the direction of the President, makes the certification de-scribed in subsection (b) for that fiscal year. (b) C
ERTIFICATION DESCRIBED .—The certifi-cation described in this subsection is a cer-tification by the Secretary of State, under the direction of the President, to the appro-priate congressional committees that the Government of Vietnam has substantially improved its human rights practices, includ-ing, at a minimum, the following problems identified by the Secretary of State in the Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2015: (1) Severe government restrictions of the political rights of citizens, particularly their right to change their government through free and fair elections. (2) Limits on the civil liberties of citizens, including freedom of assembly, association, and expression. (3) Inadequate protection of the due proc-ess rights of citizens, including protection against arbitrary detention. (4) Arbitrary and unlawful deprivation of life. (5) Police attacks and corporal punish-ment. (6) Continued police mistreatment of sus-pects during arrest and detention, including the use of lethal force and austere prison conditions. (7) Denial of the right to a fair and expedi-tious trial. 
SEC. 1284. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS ON CER-TAIN INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE COMPLICIT IN HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES COMMITTED AGAINST NA-TIONALS OF VIETNAM OR THEIR FAMILY MEMBERS. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—The Presi-dent shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (c) with respect to each indi-vidual on the list required by subsection (b)(1). (b) L
IST OF INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE C
OMPLICIT IN CERTAIN HUMAN RIGHTS  A
BUSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a list of in-dividuals who are nationals of Vietnam that the President determines are complicit in human rights abuses committed against na-tionals of Vietnam or their family members, regardless of whether such abuses occurred in Vietnam. (2) U
PDATES OF LIST .—The President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an updated list under paragraph (1) as new information becomes available and not less frequently than annually. (3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The list required by paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public and posted on the websites of the Department of the Treasury and the Depart-ment of State. (4) C
ONSIDERATION OF DATA FROM OTHER  
COUNTRIES AND NONGOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZA -
TIONS .—In preparing the list required by paragraph (1), the President shall consider data already obtained by other countries and nongovernmental organizations, including organizations in Vietnam, that monitor the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.047 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3318 May 26, 2016 
human rights abuses of the Government of Vietnam. (c) S
ANCTIONS .— (1) P
ROHIBITION ON ENTRY AND ADMISSION TO  
THE UNITED STATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An individual on the list required by subsection (b)(1) may not— (i) be admitted to, enter, or transit through the United States; (ii) receive any lawful immigration status in the United States under the immigration laws, including any relief under the Conven-tion Against Torture; or (iii) file any application or petition to ob-tain such admission, entry, or status. (B) E
XCEPTIONS TO COMPLY WITH INTER -
NATIONAL AGREEMENTS .—The President may, by regulation, authorize exceptions to sub-paragraph (A) to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States, and other applicable international agreements. (2) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall, pur-suant to the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a per-son on the list required by subsection (b)(1) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (B) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  
GOODS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property under subpara-graph (A) shall not include the authority to impose sanctions on the importation of goods. (ii) G
OOD.—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘good’’ has the meaning given that term in section 16 of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). (C) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of subparagraph (A) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (d) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the requirement to impose or maintain sanctions with respect to an individual under sub-section (a) or the requirement to include an individual on the list required by subsection (b)(1) if the President— (1) determines that such a waiver is in the national interest of the United States; and (2) submits to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report describing the reasons for the determination. (e) T
ERMINATION OF SANCTIONS .—The provi-sions of this section shall terminate on the date on which the President determines and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the Government of Vietnam has— (1) unconditionally released all political prisoners; (2) ceased its practices of violence, unlaw-ful detention, torture, and abuse of nationals of Vietnam while those nationals are engag-ing in peaceful political activity; and (3) conducted a transparent investigation into the killings, arrest, and abuse of peace-ful political activists in Vietnam and pros-ecuted those responsible. SEC. 1285. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON DESIGNA-TION OF VIETNAM AS A COUNTRY OF PARTICULAR CONCERN WITH RE-SPECT TO RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the relationship between the United States and Vietnam cannot progress while the record of the Government of Vietnam with respect to human rights and the rule of law continues to deteriorate; (2) the designation of Vietnam as a country of particular concern for religious freedom pursuant to section 402(b)(1) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)(1)) would be a powerful and ef-fective tool in highlighting abuses of reli-gious freedom in Vietnam and in encour-aging improvement in the respect for human rights in Vietnam; and (3) the Secretary of State should, in ac-cordance with the recommendation of the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom, designate Vietnam as a country of particular concern for religious freedom. 
SA 4287. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 563 and insert the following: 
SEC. 563. ACCESS TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INSTALLATIONS OF INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION PROVIDING CERTAIN ADVISING AND STUDENT SUPPORT SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 101 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2012 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2012a. Access to Department of Defense in-stallations: institutions of higher education providing certain advising and student support services ‘‘(a) A
CCESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may grant access to Department of Defense installations to any institution of higher education that— ‘‘(A) has— ‘‘(i) entered into a Voluntary Education Partnership Memorandum of Understanding with the Department for the purpose of pro-viding at the installation concerned timely face-to-face student advising and related support services to members of the armed forces and other persons who are eligible for assistance under Department of Defense edu-cational assistance programs and authori-ties; and ‘‘(ii) been approved to provide such advis-ing and support services by the educational service office of the installation concerned; or ‘‘(B) has been approved by the base transi-tion office of the installation concerned to educate members of the armed forces about education and employment after military service. ‘‘(2) S
COPE OF ACCESS .—Access under para-graph (1) shall be granted in a nondiscrim-inatory manner to any institution covered by that paragraph. ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe in regulations the time and place of access authorized pursuant to subsection (a). The regulations shall provide the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) The opportunity for institutions of higher education to receive access at times and places that ensure sufficient opportunity for students to obtain advising and support services described in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The opportunity for institutions of higher education to receive sufficient access at times and places that ensure maximum opportunity for members of the armed forces transitioning to life after military service, as determined by the base transition officer concerned, to receive advising, student sup-port services, and education pursuant to this section. ‘‘(3) Access shall be limited to face-to-face student advisement and related support serv-ices for students and members of the armed forces who have elected to participate in the higher education track of the Transition As-sistance Program, and may not otherwise be used as an opportunity to conduct recruit-ment or marketing activities. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Department of Defense edu-cational assistance programs and authori-ties’ has the meaning given the term ‘De-partment of Defense educational assistance programs and authorities covered by this section’ in section 2006a(c)(1) of this title. ‘‘(2) The term ‘institution of higher edu-cation’ has the meaning given that term in section 2006a(c)(2) of this title. ‘‘(3) The term ‘Voluntary Education Part-nership Memorandum of Understanding’ has the meaning given that term in Department of Defense Instruction 1322.25, entitled ‘Vol-untary Education Programs’, or any suc-cessor Department of Defense Instruction.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 101 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2012 the following new item: ‘‘2012a. Access to Department of Defense in-stallations: institutions of higher education providing cer-tain advising and student sup-port services.’’. 
SA 4288. Mr. KIRK submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1277. PRIORITIZING SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISAS FOR IRAQI AND AFGHAN TRANSLATORS. 
The Secretary of State shall prioritize the issuance of special immigrant visas author-ized under— (1) section 1059 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 8 U.S.C. 1101 note); (2) section 1244 of the Refugee Crisis in Iraq Act of 2007 (8 U.S.C. 1157 note); and (3) section 602 of the Afghan Allies Protec-tion Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note). 
SA 4289. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.048 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3319 May 26, 2016 
other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1667. INCREASED FUNDING FOR CERTAIN MISSILE DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
(a) P ROCUREMENT , D EFENSE -WIDE.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 101 is hereby increased by $290,000,000, with the amount of increase to be available for procurement, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4101 and available for procurement for pur-poses, and in amounts, as follows: (1) Iron Dome, $20,000,000. (2) David’s Sling Weapon System, $150,000,000. (3) Arrow 3 Upper Tier, $120,000,000. (b) RDT&E, D
EFENSE -WIDE.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department by section 201 is hereby increased by $12,300,000, with the amount of increase to be available for re-search, development, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4201 and available for re-search, development, test, and evaluation for purposes, and in amounts, as follows: (1) David’s Sling Weapon System, $10,000,000. (2) Arrow 3 Upper Tier, $2,300,000. (c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Amounts available under this section for purposes specified in this section are in addition to any other amounts available for such purposes in this Act. 
SA 4290. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. RISK MANAGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO CIVIL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYS-TEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordina-tion with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, submit to Congress an assessment of risk posed by civil unmanned aircraft systems operating at or below 400 feet above ground level to— (1) the safety of aircraft of the Armed Forces operating in military special use air-space and on military training routes; and (2) the security of military installations located in the United States that directly support strategic operations of the Armed Forces. (b) A
DDRESSING IDENTIFIED RISKS.—Not later than 180 days after the Secretary sub-mits to Congress the assessment described in subsection (a), the Secretary and the Admin-istrator shall jointly, and in coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies— (1) assess the adequacy of current laws, regulations, procedures, and activities to ad-dress risks described in the assessment and identify additional actions that may be ap-propriate and necessary to address such risks; and (2) submit to Congress a summary of the assessment and any additional actions iden-tified under paragraph (1). (c) CIVILUNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘civil un-manned aircraft system’’ means an un-manned aircraft system (as that term is de-fined in section 331 of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112– 95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note)) that is a civil air-craft (as that term is defined in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code). 
SA 4291. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. TRANSFER OF HUMAN REMAINS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
LAIMANT TRIBES .—The term ‘‘claimant tribes’’ means the Indian tribes and band re-ferred to in the letter from Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt to Secretary of the Army Louis Caldera, relating to the human remains and dated September 21, 2000. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Washington State Department of Archaeology and Historic Preservation. (3) H
UMAN REMAINS .—The term ‘‘human re-mains’’ means the human remains— (A) that are known as Kennewick Man or the Ancient One, which includes the projec-tile point lodged in the right ilium bone, as well as any residue from previous sampling and studies; and (B) that are part of archaeological collec-tion number 45BN495. (b) T
RANSFER .—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal law or law of the State of Washington, including the Native Amer-ican Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers, shall transfer the human remains to the Department, on the condition that the Department, acting through the State Historic Preservation Officer, disposes of the remains and repatriates the remains to claimant tribes. (c) C
OST.—The Corps of Engineers shall be responsible for any costs associated with the transfer. (d) L
IMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The transfer shall be lim-ited solely to the human remains portion of the archaeological collection. (2) C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS .—The Corps of En-gineers shall have no further responsibility for the human remains transferred pursuant to subsection (b) after the date of the trans-fer. 
SA 4292. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the following: SEC. 582. AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF SPOUSES FOR COSTS OF PROFES-SIONAL RE-LICENSURE AND RE-CER-TIFICATION IN A NEW STATE IN CON-NECTION WITH PERMANENT CHANGES OF STATION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1784a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3)(A) If established under this subsection, the program under this subsection shall pro-vide for the reimbursement of a spouse of a member of the armed forces described in sub-section (b) (and without regard to the excep-tion in subsection (c)) for costs incurred by the spouse in obtaining professional re-licen-sure or re-certification in a new State in as-sociation with the member’s permanent change of station to a location in such State. ‘‘(B) Reimbursement under this paragraph shall be available for any of the following: ‘‘(i) Application fees to a State board, bar association, or other certifying or licensing body. ‘‘(ii) Exam fees and registration fees paid to a licensing body. ‘‘(iii) Costs of additional coursework re-quired for eligibility for licensing or certifi-cation specific to State concerned (other than costs in connection with continuing education courses). ‘‘(C)(i) The total amount of reimbursement of a spouse under this paragraph in connec-tion with a particular change of station may not exceed $500. ‘‘(ii) Eligibility for reimbursement may not be limited by the grade of the member concerned. ‘‘(D) The total amount reimbursement under this paragraph in any fiscal year may not exceed $2,000,000. ‘‘(E) Reimbursements under this paragraph shall be distributed on a quarterly basis. ‘‘(F) This paragraph shall expire on the en-actment of a credit against the tax imposed by subpart B of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for the taxable year an amount equal to the qualified re-licensing costs of an indi-vidual who is married to a member of the armed forces and who moves to another State with such member under a permanent change of station order.’’. 
SA 4293. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XIV, add the following: 
SEC. 1422. NATIONAL ACADEMIES OF SCIENCES STUDY ON CONVENTIONAL MUNI-TIONS DEMILITARIZATION ALTER-NATIVE TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army shall enter into an arrangement with the Board on Army Science and Technology of the National Academies of Sciences, Engi-neering, and Medicine to conduct a study of the conventional munitions demilitarization program of the Department of Defense. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required pursu-ant to subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A review of the current conventional munitions demilitarization stockpile, includ-ing types of munitions and types of mate-rials contaminated with propellants or energetics, and the disposal technologies used. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.048 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3320 May 26, 2016 
(2) An analysis of disposal, treatment, and reuse technologies, including technologies currently used by the Department and emerging technologies used or being devel-oped by private or other governmental agen-cies, including a comparison of cost, throughput capacity, personnel safety, and environmental impacts. (3) An identification of munitions types for which alternatives to open burning, open detonation, or non-closed loop incineration/ combustion are not used. (4) An identification and evaluation of any barriers to full-scale deployment of alter-natives to open burning, open detonation, or non-closed loop incineration/combustion, and recommendations to overcome such bar-riers. (5) An evaluation whether the maturation and deployment of governmental or private technologies currently in research and devel-opment would enhance the conventional mu-nitions demilitarization capabilities of the Department. (c) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the study conducted pursuant to subsection (a). 
SA 4294. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 306. REQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH REPOSI-TORY FOR OPERATIONAL ENERGY- RELATED RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT EFFORTS OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPOSITORY REQUIRED .—Not later than December 31, 2017, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and in collaboration with the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Operational Energy Plans and Programs and the Secretaries of the military departments, shall establish a centralized re-pository for all operational energy-related research and development efforts of the De-partment of Defense, including with respect to the inception, operational, and complete phases of such efforts. (b) I
NTERNET ACCESS .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the repository re-quired by subsection (a) is accessible through an Internet website of the Department of De-fense and by all employees of the Depart-ment and members of the Armed Forces whom the Secretary determines appropriate, including all program managers involved in such research and development efforts, to en-able improved collaboration between mili-tary departments on research and develop-ment efforts described in subsection (a), en-able sharing of best practices and lessons learned relating to such efforts, and reduce redundancy in such efforts. 
SA 4295. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. B
OXER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 740. REMOVAL OF RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MED-ICAL FACILITIES TO PERFORM ABORTIONS. 
Section 1093 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(a) R
E-
STRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS .—’’. 
SA 4296. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Insert after section 332 the following: 
SEC. 332A. REVISED POLICY ON GROUND COMBAT AND CAMOUFLAGE UTILITY UNI-FORMS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF POLICY .—Not later than October 1, 2018, the Secretary of De-fense shall eliminate the development and fielding of Armed Force-specific combat and camouflage utility uniforms and families of uniforms in order to adopt and field a com-mon combat and camouflage utility uniform or family of uniforms for specific combat en-vironments to be used by all members of the Armed Forces. (b) P
ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in subsection (c), after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of a military department may not adopt any new camou-flage pattern design or uniform fabric for any combat or camouflage utility uniform or family of uniforms for use by an Armed Force, unless— (1) the new design or fabric is a combat or camouflage utility uniform or family of uni-forms that will be adopted by all Armed Forces; (2) the Secretary adopts a uniform already in use by another Armed Force; or (3) the Secretary of Defense grants an ex-ception based on unique circumstances or operational requirements. (c) E
XCEPTIONS .—Nothing in subsection (b) shall be construed as— (1) prohibiting the development of combat and camouflage utility uniforms and fami-lies of uniforms for use by personnel assigned to or operating in support of the unified combatant command for special operations forces described in section 167 of title 10, United States Code; (2) prohibiting engineering modifications to existing uniforms that improve the per-formance of combat and camouflage utility uniforms, including power harnessing or gen-erating textiles, fire resistant fabrics, and anti-vector, anti-microbial, and anti-bac-terial treatments; (3) prohibiting the Secretary of a military department from fielding ancillary uniform items, including headwear, footwear, body armor, and any other such items as deter-mined by the Secretary; or (4) prohibiting the Secretary of a military department from issuing vehicle crew uni-forms. (d) R
EGISTRATION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary of a military department shall for-mally register with the Joint Clothing and Textiles Governance Board all uniforms in use by an Armed Force under the jurisdic-tion of the Secretary and all such uniforms planned for use by such an Armed Force. (e) LIMITATION ON RESTRICTION .—The Sec- retary of a military department may not prevent the Secretary of another military department from authorizing the use of any combat or camouflage utility uniform or family of uniforms. (f) G
UIDANCE REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue guidance to implement this section. (2) C
ONTENT .—At a minimum, the guidance required by paragraph (1) shall require the Secretary of each of the military depart-ments— (A) in cooperation with the commanders of the combatant commands, including the uni-fied combatant command for special oper-ations forces, to establish, by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, joint criteria for combat and cam-ouflage utility uniforms and families of uni-forms, which shall be included in all new re-quirements documents for such uniforms; (B) to continually work together to assess and develop new technologies that could be incorporated into future combat and camou-flage utility uniforms and families of uni-forms to improve war fighter survivability; (C) to ensure that new combat and camou-flage utility uniforms and families of uni-forms meet the geographic and operational requirements of the commanders of the com-batant commands; and (D) to ensure that all new combat and cam-ouflage utility uniforms and families of uni-forms achieve interoperability with all com-ponents of individual war fighter systems, including body armor, organizational cloth-ing and individual equipment, and other in-dividual protective systems. (g) R
EPEAL OF POLICY .—Section 352 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84, 123 Stat. 2262; 10 U.S.C. 771 note prec.) is repealed. 
SA 4297. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 740. USE OF INPUT FROM SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS IN DEVELOPING MENTAL HEALTH PROVIDER READI-NESS DESIGNATION FOR DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 717 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 1073 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, with input from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs,’’ after ‘‘Sec-retary of Defense’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘established by the Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘established by the Secretary of Defense’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, with input from the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary shall update’’ and inserting ‘‘The Sec-retary of Defense shall update’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.049 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3321 May 26, 2016 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), by amending sub-paragraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) is not a health care provider of the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Affairs at a facility of the Depart-ment of Defense or the Department of Vet-erans Affairs; and’’; (4) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (5) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to permit the Secretary of Defense to indicate that the De-partment of Veterans Affairs has certified or otherwise approved of health care providers with a mental health provider readiness des-ignation under this section.’’. 
SA 4298. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. NATIVE HAWAIIAN ORGANIZATION. 
The Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 8(a) (15 U.S.C. 637(a))— (A) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i)(III), by striking ‘‘an eco-nomically disadvantaged Native Hawaiian organization’’ and inserting ‘‘a Native Ha-waiian Organization’’; and (II) in clause (ii)(III), by striking ‘‘an eco-nomically disadvantaged Native Hawaiian organization’’ and inserting ‘‘a Native Ha-waiian Organization’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by striking ‘‘organizations’’ and inserting ‘‘Organiza-tions’’; and (B) in paragraph (15)(C), by striking ‘‘such’’ and inserting ‘‘economically disadvantaged individuals who are’’; and (2) in section 15(h)(2)(E)(vi) (15 U.S.C. 644(h)(2)(E)(vi)), in the matter preceding sub-clause (I), by inserting ‘‘(as defined in sec-tion 8(a)(15))’’ after ‘‘Organization’’. 
SA 4299. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1277. LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER OF CER-TAIN UNITED STATES MUNITIONS TO SAUDI ARABIA. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that no funds authorized for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency by this Act, any previous Act, or otherwise available to the Agency may be used to carry out the provisions of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.), for the purposes of implementing a sale of air to ground muni-tions to Saudi Arabia unless the Government of Saudi Arabia— (1) demonstrates an ongoing effort to com-bat the mutual threat our nations face from designated foreign terrorist organizations; and (2) takes all feasible precautions to reduce the risk of harm to civilians and civilian ob-jects, in compliance with international hu-manitarian law, in the course of military ac-tions it pursues for the purpose of legitimate self-defense as described in section 4 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2754). (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
IR-TO-GROUND MUNITIONS .—The term ‘‘air-to-ground’’ munitions means any United States bomb or missile designed as a Category IV item on the United States Muni-tions List pursuant to section 38 (a)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778 (a)(1)). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on For-eign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate. (3) A
UTHORIZED SALE .—The term ‘‘author-ized sale’’ means any sale of United States defense articles or services authorized pursu-ant to the Arms Export Control Act. (4) D
ESIGNATED FOREIGN TERRORIST ORGANI -
ZATIONS .—The term ‘‘designated foreign ter-rorist organizations’’ means groups des-ignated by the United States as foreign ter-rorist organizations pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189) or Specially Designated Global Terrorists pursuant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note). (5) P
ROPOSED SALE .—The term ‘‘proposed sale’’ means any sale notified to Congress pursuant to subsections (b) or (c) of section 36 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776). (c) C
ONDITIONS OF TRANSFER .— (1) L
IMITATION .—No transfer to Saudi Ara-bia of United States air-to-ground munitions may occur until the President makes the certification described under subsection (d). (2) C
ERTIFICATION AT TIME OF CONGRES -
SIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Any notification to Congress made on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act with respect to a pro-posed sale to Saudi Arabia of air-to-ground munitions shall be accompanied by the cer-tification described under subsection (d). (d) C
ONDITIONS REQUIRED PRIOR TO SALE.— The certification described under this sub-section is a certification by the President to the appropriate congressional committees as follows: (1) The Government of Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners are taking all feasible precautions to reduce the risk of harm to ci-vilians and civilian objects to comply with their obligations under international human-itarian law, which includes minimizing harm to civilians, discriminating between civilian objects and military objectives, and exer-cising proportional use of force in the course of military actions it pursues for the purpose of legitimate self-defense as described in sec-tion 4 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2754). (2) The Government of Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners are making demon-strable efforts to facilitate the flow of crit-ical humanitarian aid and commercial goods, including commercial fuel and commodities not subject to sanction or prohibition under United Nations Security Council Resolution 2216 (2015). (3) The Government of Saudi Arabia is tak-ing all necessary measures to target des-ignated foreign terrorist organizations, in-cluding al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and affiliates of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant as part of its military operations in Yemen. (e) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— (1) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Prior to any transfer of United States air-to-ground munitions to Saudi Arabia pursuant to an authorized sale to Saudi Arabia of air-to- ground munitions or the notification to Con-gress of a proposed sale to Saudi Arabia of air-to-ground munitions, the President or the President’s designee shall provide a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees. The briefing shall include— (A) a description of the nature, content, costs, and purposes of any United States sup-port for the Government of Saudi Arabia’s coalition military operations in Yemen on or after March 26, 2015; (B) an assessment of whether the Govern-ment of Saudi Arabia’s coalition operations have deliberately targeted civilian infra-structure in Yemen on or after March 26, 2015, and whether the armed forces of the Government of Saudi Arabia and its coali-tion partners have taken all possible steps to comply with the rules of distinction, propor-tionality, and precautions, as regulated by Additional Protocol I to the Geneva Conven-tions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, done at Geneva June 8, 1977; (C) an assessment of whether the armed forces of Saudi Arabia have used United States-origin munitions, including cluster munitions, in any attacks against civilians or civilian infrastructure in Yemen on or after March 26, 2015, and how that affects the United States’ credibility in the region; and (D) an assessment of the effect of Saudi Arabia’s military operations in Yemen on its ability to contribute to United States efforts to defeat al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. (2) F
ORM OF BRIEFING .—The briefing re-quired under paragraph (1) shall be con-ducted in an unclassified forum but may be conducted in a classified setting as required. (f) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to have effect three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, unless renewed. 
SA 4300. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 221. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ON SMART GUN TECHNOLOGY. 
The Director of the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency may, using funds au-thorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, carry out research, development, test, and evaluation activities relating to smart gun technology. 
SA 4301. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.049 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3322 May 26, 2016 
Strike section 882. 
SA 4302. Mr. DONNELLY (for him-self, Mr. C
RUZ, and Mr. M ANCHIN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1138. TIERED PREFERENCE ELIGIBILITY FOR MEMBERS OF RESERVE COMPO-NENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P REFERENCE ELIGIBILITY FOR MEMBERS  
OFRESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED  F
ORCES .—Section 2108 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (H), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (H) the following: ‘‘(I) a qualified reservist;’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) ‘qualified reservist’ means an indi-vidual who is a member of a reserve compo-nent of the Armed Forces on the date of the applicable determination— ‘‘(A) who— ‘‘(i) has completed at least 6 years of serv-ice in a reserve component of the Armed Forces; and ‘‘(ii) in each year of service in a reserve component of the Armed Forces, was cred-ited with at least 50 points under section 12732 of title 10; or ‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) has completed at least 10 years of serv-ice in a reserve component of the Armed Forces; and ‘‘(ii) in each year of service in a reserve component of the Armed Forces, was cred-ited with at least 50 points under section 12732 of title 10; and ‘‘(7) ‘reserve component of the Armed Forces’ means a reserve component specified in section 101(27) of title 38.’’. (b) T
IERED HIRING PREFERENCE FOR MEM-
BERS OF RESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED  F
ORCES .—Section 3309 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) a preference eligible described in sec-tion 2108(6)(B) — 3 points; and ‘‘(4) a preference eligible described in sec-tion 2108(6)(A) — 2 points.’’. (c) GAO R
EVIEW .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that— (1) assesses Federal employment opportu-nities for members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces; (2) evaluates the impact of the amend-ments made by this section on the hiring of reservists and veterans by the Federal Gov-ernment; and (3) provides recommendations, if any, for strengthening Federal employment opportu-nities for members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces. SA 4303. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 526. PLAN TO MEET THE DEMAND FOR CYBERSPACE CAREER FIELDS IN THE RESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to Congress a report setting forth a plan for meeting the increased demand for cyberspace career fields in the reserve com-ponents of the Air Force, in accordance with the recommendations of the National Com-mission on the Structure of the Air Force. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan shall take into account the following: (1) The availability of qualified local workforces. (2) Potential synergies with private sector companies involved in cyberspace or edu-cational institutions with established cyber-space-related academic programs. (3) The potential for or proven record of Total Force Integration with associated units or organizations in the regular Air Force. (c) M
ETRICS .—The plan shall include appro-priate metrics for use in the evaluation of the implementation of the plan. 
SA 4304. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 554. REPORTS ON INCIDENTS OF SEXUAL AS-SAULT MADE BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO HEALTH CARE PERSONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TREATABLE AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RE-STRICTED REPORTS. 
(a) T REATMENT AT ELECTION OF MEMBERS .— Under procedures established by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, a report on an in-cident of sexual assault made by a member of the Armed Forces to such health care per-sonnel of the Department of Veterans Affairs as the Secretary shall specify for purposes of such procedures may, at the election of the member, be treated as a Restricted Report on the incident for Department of Defense purposes. (b) T
RANSMITTAL TO DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE .—Under procedures jointly established by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense, a report on an incident of sexual assault treated as a Restricted Re-port pursuant to subsection (a) shall be transmitted by the Department of Veterans Affairs to such personnel of the Department of Defense who are authorized to access Re-stricted Reports on incidents of sexual as-sault as the Secretary of Defense shall speci-fy for purposes of such procedures. The transmittal shall be made in a manner that preserves for all purposes the confidential nature of the report as a Restricted Report. SA 4305. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 562 and insert the following: 
SEC. 562. MODIFICATION OF PROGRAM TO ASSIST MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES IN OBTAINING PROFESSIONAL CRE-DENTIALS. 
(a) S COPE OF PROGRAM .—Subsection (a)(1) of section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘incident to the per-formance of their military duties’’. (b) Q
UALITY ASSURANCE OF CERTIFICATION  P
ROGRAMS AND STANDARDS .—Subsection (c) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, or meets the requirements in paragraph (3)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A credentialing program used in con-nection with the program under subsection (a) is eligible for funds under subsection (b) if successful completion of the program re-sults in a recognized postsecondary creden-tial, meaning an industry recognized certifi-cate or certification, a certificate of comple-tion of an apprenticeship, or a license recog-nized by a State or the Federal Government, and is provided by an eligible training pro-vider under section 122 of the Workforce In-novation and Opportunity Act (Public Law 113–128).’’. 
SA 4306. Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mrs. E
RNST ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1031. ADVANCE NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC ON THE TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF IN-DIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) A DVANCE NOTICE REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall make public, not later than 21 days before the intended date of transfer or release, a notice on the decision to transfer or release any individual detained at Guantanamo. (b) E
LEMENTS OF NOTICE .—The notice on an individual pursuant to subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The name of the individual. (2) The location to which the individual will be transferred or released. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.051 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3323 May 26, 2016 
(3) A summary of the agreement, if any, made with the government of the location accepting the transfer or release of the indi-vidual. (4) The actions taken to mitigate the risks of the transfer or release of the individual from United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. (c) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of June 24, 2009, who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. 
SA 4307. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. JURISDICTION OVER OFFENSES COM-MITTED BY CERTAIN UNITED STATES PERSONNEL STATIONED IN CANADA. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting Travel, Commerce, and National Security Act of 2016’’. (b) A
MENDMENT .—Chapter 212A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the chapter heading, by striking ‘‘TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS’’; and (2) by adding after section 3272 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 3273. Offenses committed by certain United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border security initiatives ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Whoever, while em-ployed by the Department of Homeland Se-curity or the Department of Justice and sta-tioned or deployed in Canada pursuant to a treaty, executive agreement, or bilateral memorandum in furtherance of a border se-curity initiative, engages in conduct (or con-spires or attempts to engage in conduct) in Canada that would constitute an offense for which a person may be prosecuted in a court of the United States had the conduct been engaged in within the United States or with-in the special maritime and territorial juris-diction of the United States shall be fined or imprisoned, or both, as provided for that of-fense. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘employed by the Department of Homeland Security or the Department of Justice’ means— ‘‘(1) being employed as a civilian employee, a contractor (including a subcontractor at any tier), or an employee of a contractor (or a subcontractor at any tier) of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security or the Depart-ment of Justice; ‘‘(2) being present or residing in Canada in connection with such employment; and ‘‘(3) not being a national of or ordinarily resident in Canada.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Part II of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the table of chapters, by striking the item relating to chapter 212A and inserting the following: ‘‘212A. Extraterritorial jurisdiction over certain offenses .................... 3271’’; and (2) in the table of sections for chapter 212A, by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 3272 the following: ‘‘3273. Offenses committed by certain United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border security initiatives.’’. (d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to infringe upon or otherwise affect the exercise of prosecu-torial discretion by the Department of Jus-tice in implementing this section and the amendments made by this section. 
SA 4308. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INDIVID-UALS PERFORMING SERVICES IN THE SINAI PENINSULA OF EGYPT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the fol-lowing provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, a qualified hazardous duty area shall be treated in the same manner as if it were a combat zone (as determined under section 112 of such Code): (1) Section 2(a)(3) (relating to special rule where deceased spouse was in missing sta-tus). (2) Section 112 (relating to the exclusion of certain combat pay of members of the Armed Forces). (3) Section 692 (relating to income taxes of members of Armed Forces on death). (4) Section 2201 (relating to members of the Armed Forces dying in combat zone or by reason of combat-zone-incurred wounds, etc.). (5) Section 3401(a)(1) (defining wages relat-ing to combat pay for members of the Armed Forces). (6) Section 4253(d) (relating to the taxation of phone service originating from a combat zone from members of the Armed Forces). (7) Section 6013(f)(1) (relating to joint re-turn where individual is in missing status). (8) Section 7508 (relating to time for per-forming certain acts postponed by reason of service in combat zone). (b) Q
UALIFIED HAZARDOUS DUTYAREA.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘qualified hazardous duty area’’ means the Sinai Pe-ninsula of Egypt, if as of the date of the en-actment of this section any member of the Armed Forces of the United States is enti-tled to special pay under section 310 of title 37, United States Code (relating to special pay; duty subject to hostile fire or imminent danger) for services performed in such loca-tion. Such term includes such location only during the period such entitlement is in ef-fect. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the provisions of this section shall take effect on June 9, 2015. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—Subsection (a)(5) shall apply to remuneration paid after the date of the enactment of this Act. SA 4309. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. K IRK, Mr. C OONS , and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. REPORT ON AIRPORTS USED BY MAHAN AIR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2020, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Transpor-tation, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to Congress a re-port that includes— (1) a list of all airports at which aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air have land-ed during the 2 years preceding the submis-sion of the report; and (2) for each such airport— (A) an assessment of whether aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air continue to conduct operations at that airport; (B) an assessment of whether any of the landings of aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air were necessitated by an emer-gency situation; (C) a determination regarding whether ad-ditional security measures should be im-posed on flights to the United States that originate from that airport; and (D) an explanation of the rationale for that determination. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) P
UBLICATION OF LIST.—The list required by subsection (a)(1) shall be publicly and prominently posted on the website of the De-partment of Homeland Security on the date on which the report required by subsection (a) is submitted to Congress. 
SA 4310. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. K IRK, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. P AUL, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. H ELLER , Mrs. B
OXER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. V ITTER , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. C OONS , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. C RUZ, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. S CHU-
MER) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.052 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3324 May 26, 2016 
PART III—UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE REFORM 
SEC. 556. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Military Justice Improvement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 557. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO DE-TERMINE TO PROCEED TO TRIAL BY COURT-MARTIAL ON CHARGES ON CERTAIN OFFENSES WITH AUTHOR-IZED MAXIMUM SENTENCE OF CON-FINEMENT OF MORE THAN ONE YEAR. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) M
ILITARY DEPARTMENTS .—With respect to charges under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that allege an offense specified in paragraph (2) and not excluded under paragraph (3), the Secretary of Defense shall require the Secretaries of the military departments to provide for the determina-tion under section 830(b) of such chapter (ar-ticle 30(b) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on whether to try such charges by court-martial as provided in paragraph (4). (B) H
OMELAND SECURITY .—With respect to charges under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that allege an offense specified in paragraph (2) and not excluded under para-graph (3) against a member of the Coast Guard (when it is not operating as a service in the Navy), the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall provide for the determination under section 830(b) of such chapter (article 30(b) of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice) on whether to try such charges by court-martial as provided in paragraph (4). (2) C
OVERED OFFENSES .—An offense speci-fied in this paragraph is an offense as fol-lows: (A) An offense under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that is triable by court- martial under that chapter for which the maximum punishment authorized under that chapter includes confinement for more than one year. (B) An offense of retaliation for reporting a crime under section 893 of title 10, United States Code (article 93 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 559B of this Act, regardless of the maximum punishment authorized under that chapter for such offense. (C) An offense under section 907a of title 10, United States Code (article 107a of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), as added by section 559C of this Act, regardless of the maximum punishment authorized under that chapter for such offense. (D) A conspiracy to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A) through (C) as punishable under section 881 of title 10, United States Code (article 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (E) A solicitation to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A) through (C) as punishable under section 882 of title 10, United States Code (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (F) An attempt to commit an offense speci-fied in subparagraphs (A) through (E) as pun-ishable under section 880 of title 10, United States Code (article 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (3) E
XCLUDED OFFENSES .—Paragraph (1) does not apply to an offense as follows: (A) An offense under sections 883 through 917 of title 10, United States Code (articles 83 through 117 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (B) An offense under section 933 or 934 of title 10, United States Code (articles 133 and 134 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (C) A conspiracy to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) as pun-ishable under section 881 of title 10, United States Code (article 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (D) A solicitation to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) as pun-ishable under section 882 of title 10, United States Code (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (E) An attempt to commit an offense speci-fied in subparagraph (A) through (D) as pun-ishable under section 880 of title 10, United States Code (article 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (4) REQUIREMENTS AND LIMITATIONS .—The disposition of charges pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be subject to the following: (A) The determination whether to try such charges by court-martial shall be made by a commissioned officer of the Armed Forces designated in accordance with regulations prescribed for purposes of this subsection from among commissioned officers of the Armed Forces in grade O–6 or higher who— (i) are available for detail as trial counsel under section 827 of title 10, United States Code (article 27 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice); (ii) have significant experience in trials by general or special court-martial; and (iii) are outside the chain of command of the member subject to such charges. (B) Upon a determination under subpara-graph (A) to try such charges by court-mar-tial, the officer making that determination shall determine whether to try such charges by a general court-martial convened under section 822 of title 10, United States Code (article 22 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or a special court-martial convened under section 823 of title 10, United States Code (article 23 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice). (C) A determination under subparagraph (A) to try charges by court-martial shall in-clude a determination to try all known of-fenses, including lesser included offenses. (D) The determination to try such charges by court-martial under subparagraph (A), and by type of court-martial under subpara-graph (B), shall be binding on any applicable convening authority for a trial by court- martial on such charges. (E) The actions of an officer described in subparagraph (A) in determining under that subparagraph whether or not to try charges by court-martial shall be free of unlawful or unauthorized influence or coercion. (F) The determination under subparagraph (A) not to proceed to trial of such charges by general or special court-martial shall not op-erate to terminate or otherwise alter the au-thority of commanding officers to refer such charges for trial by summary court-martial convened under section 824 of title 10, United States Code (article 24 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or to impose non-judi-cial punishment in connection with the con-duct covered by such charges as authorized by section 815 of title 10, United States Code (article 15 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (5) C
ONSTRUCTION WITH CHARGES ON OTHER  
OFFENSES .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to alter or affect the disposi-tion of charges under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that allege an offense tri-able by court-martial under that chapter for which the maximum punishment authorized under that chapter includes confinement for one year or less. (6) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries of the military departments and the Secretary of Homeland Security (with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy) shall revise policies and procedures as necessary to comply with this subsection. (B) UNIFORMITY .—The General Counsel of the Department of Defense and the General Counsel of the Department of Homeland Se-curity shall jointly review the policies and procedures revised under this paragraph in order to ensure that any lack of uniformity in policies and procedures, as so revised, among the military departments and the De-partment of Homeland Security does not render unconstitutional any policy or proce-dure, as so revised. (7) M
ANUAL FOR COURTS -MARTIAL .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall recommend such changes to the Manual for Courts-Martial as are necessary to ensure compliance with this subsection. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY .— Subsection (a), and the revisions required by that subsection, shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and shall apply with re-spect to charges preferred under section 830 of title 10, United States Code (article 30 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), on or after such effective date. 
SEC. 558. MODIFICATION OF OFFICERS AUTHOR-IZED TO CONVENE GENERAL AND SPECIAL COURTS-MARTIAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 822 of title 10, United States Code (article 22 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (8) and (9) as paragraphs (9) and (10), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing new paragraph (8): ‘‘(8) the officers in the offices established pursuant to section 558(c) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 or officers in the grade of O–6 or higher who are assigned such responsibility by the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Op-erations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, the Commandant of the Marine Corps, or the Commandant of the Coast Guard, but only with respect to offenses to which section 557(a)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 applies;’’. (b) N
OEXERCISE BY OFFICERS IN CHAIN OF  C
OMMAND OF ACCUSED OR VICTIM .—Such sec- tion (article) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) An officer specified in subsection (a)(8) may not convene a court-martial under this section if the officer is in the chain of com-mand of the accused or the victim.’’. (c) O
FFICES OF CHIEFS OF STAFF ON COURTS - M
ARTIAL .— (1) O
FFICES REQUIRED .—Each Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces or Commandant speci-fied in paragraph (8) of section 822(a) of title 10, United States Code (article 22(a) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amend-ed by subsection (a), shall establish an office to do the following: (A) To convene general and special courts- martial under sections 822 and 823 of title 10, United States Code (articles 22 and 23 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), pursuant to paragraph (8) of section 822(a) of title 10, United States Code (article 22(a) of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), as so amend-ed, with respect to offenses to which section 557(a)(1) applies. (B) To detail under section 825 of title 10, United States Code (article 25 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), members of courts-martial convened as described in sub-paragraph (A). (2) P
ERSONNEL .—The personnel of each of-fice established under paragraph (1) shall consist of such members of the Armed Forces and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense, or such members of the Coast Guard or civilian personnel of the Department of Homeland Security, as may be detailed or as-signed to the office by the Chief of Staff or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.053 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3325 May 26, 2016 
Commandant concerned. The members and personnel so detailed or assigned, as the case may be, shall be detailed or assigned from personnel billets in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 559. DISCHARGE USING OTHERWISE AU-THORIZED PERSONNEL AND RE-SOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretaries of the military departments and the Secretary of Homeland Security (with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy) shall carry out sections 557 and 558 using personnel, funds, and re-sources otherwise authorized by law. (b) N
OAUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL PER-
SONNEL OR RESOURCES .—Sections 557 and 558 shall not be construed as authorizations for personnel, personnel billets, or funds for the discharge of the requirements in such sec-tions. 
SEC. 559A. MONITORING AND ASSESSMENT OF MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES ON COURTS-MARTIAL BY INDEPENDENT PANEL ON REVIEW AND ASSESS-MENT OF PROCEEDINGS UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUS-TICE. 
Section 576(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Pub-lic Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1762) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (J) as subparagraph (K); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the following new subparagraph (J): ‘‘(J) Monitor and assess the implementa-tion and efficacy of sections 557 through 559 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017.’’. 
SEC. 559B. EXPLICIT CODIFICATION OF RETALIA-TION FOR REPORTING A CRIME AS AN OFFENSE UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 893 of title 10, United States Code (article 93 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a)’’ before ‘‘Any person’’; (2) in subsection (a), as so designated, by inserting ‘‘, or retaliating against any person subject to his orders for reporting a criminal offense,’’ after ‘‘any person subject to his or-ders’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) This section (article) is the sole sec-tion of this chapter under which the offense of retaliating against any person subject to a person’s orders for reporting a criminal of-fense as described in subsection (a) is punish-able.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION (ARTICLE) HEADING .—The head-ing of such section (article) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 893. Art. 93. Cruelty and maltreatment; re-taliation for reporting a crime’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS (ARTICLES) .—The table of sections at the beginning of sub-chapter X of chapter 47 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 893 (article 93) and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘893. Art. 93. Cruelty and maltreatment; re-taliation for reporting a crime.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED PROHIBITION .— Section 1709 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 962; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 559C. ESTABLISHMENT OF OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE AS A SEPARATE OFFENCE UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) P UNITIVE ARTICLE .—Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amend-ed by inserting after section 907 (article 107) the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 907a. Art. 107a. Obstruction of justice ‘‘(a) Any person subject to this chapter who wrongfully does a certain act with the intent to influence, impede, or otherwise ob-struct the due administration of justice shall be punished as a court-martial may direct, except that the maximum punishment au-thorized for such offense may not exceed dis-honorable discharge, forfeiture of all pay and allowances, and confinement for not more than five years. ‘‘(b) This section (article) is the sole sec-tion of this chapter under which an offense described in subsection (a) is punishable.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter X of chapter 47 of such title, as amended by sec-tion 559B(b)(2) of this Act, is further amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 907 (article 107) the following new item: ‘‘907a. Art. 107a. Obstruction of justice.’’. 
SA 4311. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 221. AUTHORIZATION FOR RESEARCH TO IM-PROVE MILITARY VEHICLE TECH-NOLOGY TO INCREASE FUEL ECON-OMY OR REDUCE FUEL CONSUMP-TION OF MILITARY GROUND VEHI-CLES USED IN COMBAT. 
(a) R ESEARCH AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing and in collaboration with the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Director of the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency, may carry out re-search to improve military ground vehicle technology to increase fuel economy or re-duce fuel consumption of military ground ve-hicles used in combat. (b) P
REVIOUS SUCCESSES .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that research carried out under subsection (a) takes into account the successes of, and lessons learned during, previous Department of Defense, Department of Energy, and private sector efforts to iden-tify, assess, develop, demonstrate, and proto-type technologies that support increasing fuel economy or decreasing fuel consumption of military ground vehicles, while balancing survivability, in furtherance of military mis-sions. 
SA 4312. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 306. ESTABLISHMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ALTERNATIVE FUELED VE-HICLE INFRASTRUCTURE FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF FUND.—There is es-tablished in the Treasury a fund to be known as the ‘‘Department of Defense Alternative Fuel Vehicle Infrastructure Fund’’. (b) DEPOSITS .—The Fund shall consist of the following: (1) Amounts appropriated to the Fund. (2) Amounts earned through investment under subsection (c). (3) Any other amounts made available to the Fund by law. (c) I
NVESTMENTS .—The Secretary shall in-vest any part of the Fund that the Secretary decides is not required to meet current ex-penses. Each investment shall be made in an interest-bearing obligation of the United States Government, or an obligation that has its principal and interest guaranteed by the Government, that the Secretary decides has a maturity suitable for the Fund. (d) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts in the Fund shall be available to the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, to install, operate, and maintain alternative fuel dispensing stations for use by alter-native fueled vehicles of the Department of Defense and other infrastructure necessary to fuel alternative fueled vehicles of the De-partment. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
LTERNATIVE FUEL .—The term ‘‘alter-native fuel’’ has the meaning given such term in section 32901 of title 49, United States Code. (2) A
LTERNATIVE FUELED VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘alternative fueled vehicle’’ means a vehicle that operates on alternative fuel. (3) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the fund established under subsection (a). 
SA 4313. Mr. PETERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. REPORT ON DEFENSE NUCLEAR NON-PROLIFERATION RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion (JCPOA) provides for the long term presence of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in Iran using modern tech-nologies in Annex I, section N. (2) The JCPOA allows the IAEA to utilize on-line enrichment measurement and elec-tronic seals as well as other internationally accepted modern technologies for inspection and verification of compliance. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Deputy Administrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation shall submit to Congress a report that contains at a minimum the fol-lowing elements: (1) A description of ongoing, planned, and anticipated defense nuclear nonproliferation research and development projects and ac-tivities. (2) A strategy for improving arms control agreement verification capabilities, includ-ing improving the capability and accuracy of nonproliferation verification technologies that comply with the JCPOA. (c) J
OINT COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION  D
EFINED .—The term ‘‘Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action’’ means the Joint Comprehen-sive Plan of Action signed at Vienna on July 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.053 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3326 May 26, 2016 
14, 2015, by Iran and by France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and the United States. 
SA 4314. Mr. PETERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING TO INCREASE MARI-TIME SECURITY AND DOMAIN AWARENESS OF FOREIGN COUN-TRIES BORDERING THE PERSIAN GULF, ARABIAN SEA, OR MEDI-TERRANEAN SEA. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to authorize assistance and training to in-crease maritime security and domain aware-ness of foreign countries bordering the Per-sian Gulf, the Arabian Sea, or the Mediterra-nean Sea in order to deter and counter illicit smuggling and related maritime activity by Iran, including illicit Iranian weapons ship-ments. (b) A
UTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To carry out the purpose of this section as described in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, is author-ized— (A) to provide training to the national military or other security forces of Israel, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Oman, Kuwait, and Qatar that have among their functional responsibilities maritime security missions; and (B) to provide training to ministry, agen-cy, and headquarters level organizations for such forces. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The provision of assist-ance and training under this section may be referred to as the ‘‘Counter Iran Maritime Initiative’’. (c) T
YPES OF TRAINING .— (1) A
UTHORIZED ELEMENTS OF TRAINING .— Training provided under subsection (b)(1)(A) may include the provision of de minimis equipment, supplies, and small-scale mili-tary construction. (2) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS OF TRAINING .— Training provided under subsection (b) shall include elements that promote the following: (A) Observance of and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms. (B) Respect for legitimate civilian author-ity within the country to which the assist-ance is provided. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $50,000,000 shall be available only for the provision of assistance and training under subsection (b). (e) C
OSTSHARING .— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, given income parity among recipient countries, the Secretary of De-fense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, should seek, through appropriate bilateral and multilateral arrangements, payments sufficient in amount to offset any training costs associated with implementa-tion of subsection (b). (2) C
OST-SHARING AGREEMENT .—The Sec-retary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall negotiate a cost-sharing agreement with a recipient country regarding the cost of any training provided pursuant to section (b). The agree-ment shall set forth the terms of cost shar-ing that the Secretary of Defense determines are necessary and appropriate, but such terms shall not be less than 50 percent of the overall cost of the training. (3) CREDIT TO APPROPRIATIONS .—The por- tion of such cost-sharing received by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to this sub-section may be credited towards appropria-tions available for operation and mainte-nance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301. (f) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON TRAINING .—Not later than 15 days before exercising the au-thority under subsection (b) with respect to a recipient country, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a notification containing the following: (1) An identification of the recipient coun-try. (2) A detailed justification of the program for the provision of the training concerned, and its relationship to United States secu-rity interests. (3) The budget for the program, including a timetable of planned expenditures of funds to implement the program, an implementa-tion time-line for the program with mile-stones (including anticipated delivery sched-ules for any assistance and training under the program), the military department or component responsible for management of the program, and the anticipated completion date for the program. (4) A description of the arrangements, if any, to support recipient country sustainment of any capability developed pur-suant to the program, and the source of funds to support sustainment efforts and per-formance outcomes to be achieved under the program beyond its completion date, if appli-cable. (5) A description of the program objectives and an assessment framework to be used to develop capability and performance metrics associated with operational outcomes for the recipient force. (6) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (g) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (h) T
ERMINATION .—Assistance and training may not be provided under this section after September 30, 2020. 
SA 4315. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: SEC. 1097. REPORT ON MILITARY TRAINING FOR OPERATIONS IN DENSELY POPU-LATED URBAN TERRAIN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Despite years of contingency operations in densely populated urban areas, the United States Armed Forces continue to rely on crude mock-ups of city blocks for urban training. (2) Current urban training complexes do not offer sufficient capability to train or ex-ercise joint, combined arms or large units in a dense urban landscape of tall buildings and other obstacles inhabited by millions of peo-ple. (3) Combat units from all military services train in facilities that are significantly smaller and less complex than the real-world urban environments of today and of the megacity challenges anticipated in the fu-ture. (4) The military services have identified the training gap, but do not have the re-sources or funding to invest in the develop-ment of massive cities with the infrastruc-ture and obstacles that would be encoun-tered during a contingency in dense urban environments. (5) In 2015, the Chief of Staff of the Army published guidance to subordinate organiza-tions to continue to develop concepts and ca-pabilities related to all aspects of the dense urban terrain challenge. (6) The United States Army Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC) was directed to assume the leadership for the develop-ment of solutions to address the myriad of challenges operating in dense urban terrain, including requirements for the developing an urban studies program to increase oper-ational leader understanding of urban envi-ronments, advancing material solutions for current and future megacity challenges, and improving urban systems modeling capabili-ties. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than February 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on plans and initiatives to enhance existing urban training concepts, capabili-ties, and facilities, and to provide for new training opportunities that will more closely resemble large, dense, heavily populated urban environments. The report should in-clude specific efforts to provide for a real-istic environment for the training of large units with joint assets and recently fielded technologies to exercise new tactics, tech-niques, and procedures, including consider-ation of anticipated urban military oper-ations in or near the littoral environment and maritime domain as well as the cyber domain. (2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) may be submitted in classified or unclassified form. 
SA 4316. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.053 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3327 May 26, 2016 
SEC. 709. EXPEDITED EVALUATION AND TREAT-MENT FOR PRENATAL SURGERY UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall implement processes and procedures to ensure that a covered beneficiary under the TRICARE program whose pregnancy is com-plicated with a fetal anomaly or suspected of being complicated with a fetal anomaly re-ceives, in an expedited manner and at the discretion of the covered beneficiary, evalua-tion and treatment from a perinatal or pedi-atric specialist capable of providing surgical management and intervention in utero. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-gram’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 4317. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Ms. C ANTWELL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. 1277. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COMMIT-MENT TO THE REPUBLIC OF PALAU. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Republic of Palau is comprised of 300 islands and covers roughly 177 square miles strategically located in the western Pacific Ocean between the Philippines and the United States territory of Guam. (2) The United States and Palau have forged close security, economic and cultural ties since the United States defeated the armed forces of Imperial Japan in Palau in 1944. (3) The United States administered Palau as a District of the United Nations Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands from 1947 to 1994. (4) In 1994, the United States and Palau en-tered into a 50-year Compact of Free Asso-ciation which provided for the independence of Palau and set forth the terms for close and mutually beneficial relations in secu-rity, economic, and governmental affairs. (5) The security terms of the Compact grant the United States full authority and responsibility for the security and defense of Palau, including the exclusive right to deny any nation’s military forces access to the territory of Palau except the United States, an important element of our Pacific strategy for defense of the United States homeland, and the right to establish and use defense sites in Palau. (6) The Compact entitles any citizen of Palau to volunteer for service in the United States Armed Forces, and they do so at a rate that exceeds that of any of the 50 States. (7) In 2009, and in accordance with section 432 of the Compact, the United States and Palau reviewed their overall relationship. In 2010, the two nations signed an agreement updating and extending several provisions of the Compact, including an extension of United States financial and program assist-ance to Palau, and establishing increased post-9/11 immigration protections. However, the United States has not yet approved this Agreement or provided the assistance as called for in the Agreement. (8) Beginning in 2010 and most recently on February 22, 2016, the Department of the In-terior, the Department of State, and the De-partment of Defense have sent letters to Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President Pro Tempore of the Senate transmitting the legislation to approve the 2010 United States Palau Agreement includ-ing an analysis of the budgetary impact of the legislation. (9) The February 22, 2016, letter concluded, ‘‘Approving the results of the Agreement is important to the national security of the United States, stability in the Western Pa-cific region, our bilateral relationship with Palau and to the United States’ broader stra-tegic interest in the Asia-Pacific region.’’ (10) On May 20, 2016, the Department of De-fense submitted a letter to the Chairmen and Ranking Members of the congressional de-fense committees in support of including leg-islation enacting the agreement in the fiscal year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act and concluded that its inclusion ad-vances United States national security ob-jectives in the region. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) to fulfill the promise and commitment of the United States to its ally, the Republic of Palau, and reaffirm this special relation-ship and strengthen the ability of the United States to defend the homeland, Congress and the President should promptly enact the Compact Review Agreement signed by the United States and Palau in 2010; and (2) Congress and the President should im-mediately seek a mutually acceptable solu-tion to approving the Compact Review Agreement and ensuring adequate budgetary resources are allocated to meet United States obligations under the Compact through enacting legislation, including through this Act. 
SA 4318. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 306. AIR FORCE REPORT ON PERFLUOROOCTANOIC ACID (PFOA) AND PERFLUOROOCTANE SULFONATES (PFOS) CONTAMINA-TION AT CERTAIN MILITARY INSTAL-LATIONS. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) An increasing number of communities across New York have reportedly identified the presence of perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluorooctane sulfonates (PFOS), which can contaminate water and cause adverse health effects. (2) According to reports, levels of PFOA and PFOS have been detected in the public and private water supplies in the cities of Newburgh and Plattsburgh and the towns of Hoosick Falls and Petersburgh, New York. Public and private wells in these commu-nities are being tested by the New York De-partment of Environmental Conservation (DEC) and the New York Department of Health (DOH) . (3) The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has identified PFOA as an ‘‘emerging contaminant,’’ and in 2009, the EPA issued an updated provisional health advisory for drinking water of 70 parts per trillion for PFOA and PFOS. (b) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than September 1, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force, in col-laboration with the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency, shall sub-mit to Congress a report on perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluorooctane sulfonates (PFOS) contami-nation at Stewart Air National Guard Base, Newburgh, Plattsburgh, Hoosick Falls, and Petersburgh, New York. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) An update on the cleanups underway at Stewart Air National Guard Base, Newburgh, Plattsburgh, Hoosick Falls, and Petersburgh. (B) An update on the Air Force’s efforts to identify and notify everyone affected or im-pacted by the contamination. (C) An assessment of the Air Force’s role, if any, in the new contaminations. (D) A summary of the Air Force’s support, where appropriate, for the EPA with respect to the latest contaminations. 
SA 4319. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mrs. B
OXER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. USE OF REVENUE AT A PREVIOUSLY ASSOCIATED AIRPORT. 
Section 40117 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) U
SE OF REVENUES AT A PREVIOUSLY  A
SSOCIATED AIRPORT .—Notwithstanding the requirements relating to airport control under subsection (b)(1), the Secretary may authorize use of a passenger facility charge under subsection (b) to finance an eligible airport-related project if— ‘‘(1) the eligible agency seeking to impose the new charge controls an airport where a $2.00 passenger facility charge became effec-tive on January 1, 2013; and ‘‘(2) the location of the project to be fi-nanced by the new charge is at an airport that was under the control of the same eligi-ble agency that had controlled the airport described in paragraph (1).’’. 
SA 4320. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. W
YDEN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. U DALL , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. L EAHY , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. M
URRAY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. R
EID) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.054 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3328 May 26, 2016 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Insert after section 536 the following: 
SEC. 536A. REVIEW OF DISCHARGE CHARACTER-IZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with this section, the appropriate discharge boards— (1) shall review the discharge characteriza-tion of covered members at the request of the covered member; and (2) if such characterization is any charac-terization except honorable, may change such characterization to honorable. (b) C
RITERIA .—In changing the discharge characterization of a covered member to honorable under subsection (a)(2), the Sec-retary of Defense shall ensure that such changes are carried out consistently and uni-formly across the military departments using the following criteria: (1) The original discharge must be based on Don’t Ask Don’t Tell (in this Act referred to as ‘‘DADT’’) or a similar policy in place prior to the enactment of DADT. (2) Such discharge characterization shall be so changed if, with respect to the original discharge, there were no aggravating cir-cumstances, such as misconduct, that would have independently led to a discharge char-acterization that was any characterization except honorable. For purposes of this para-graph, such aggravating circumstances may not include— (A) an offense under section 925 of title 10, United States Code (article 125 of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), committed by a covered member against a person of the same sex with the consent of such person; or (B) statements, consensual sexual conduct, or consensual acts relating to sexual orienta-tion or identity, or the disclosure of such statements, conduct, or acts, that were pro-hibited at the time of discharge but after the date of such discharge became permitted. (3) When requesting a review, a covered member, or the member’s representative, shall be required to provide either— (A) documents consisting of— (i) a copy of the DD–214 form of the mem-ber; (ii) a personal affidavit of the cir-cumstances surrounding the discharge; and (iii) any relevant records pertaining to the discharge; or (B) an affidavit certifying that the mem-ber, or the member’s representative, does not have the documents specified in subpara-graph (A). (4) If a covered member provides an affi-davit described in subparagraph (B) of para-graph (3)— (A) the appropriate discharge board shall make every effort to locate the documents specified in subparagraph (A) of such para-graph within the records of the Department of Defense; and (B) the absence of such documents may not be considered a reason to deny a change of the discharge characterization under sub-section (a)(2). (c) R
EQUEST FOR REVIEW .—The appropriate discharge board shall ensure the mechanism by which covered members, or their rep-resentative, may request to have the dis-charge characterization of the covered mem-ber reviewed under this section is simple and straightforward. (d) R
EVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After a request has been made under subsection (c), the appropriate discharge board shall review all relevant laws, records of oral testimony previously taken, service records, or any other relevant information regarding the discharge charac-terization of the covered member. (2) ADDITIONAL MATERIALS .—If additional materials are necessary for the review, the appropriate discharge board— (A) may request additional information from the covered member or the member’s representative, in writing, and specifically detailing what is being requested; and (B) shall be responsible for obtaining a copy of the necessary files of the covered member from the member, or when applica-ble, from the Department of Defense. (e) C
HANGE OF CHARACTERIZATION .—The ap- propriate discharge board shall change the discharge characterization of a covered member to honorable if such change is deter-mined to be appropriate after a review is conducted under subsection (d) pursuant to the criteria under subsection (b). A covered member, or the member’s representative, may appeal a decision by the appropriate dis-charge board to not change the discharge characterization by using the regular ap-peals process of the board. (f) C
HANGE OF RECORDS .—For each covered member whose discharge characterization is changed under subsection (e), or for each covered member who was honorably dis-charged but whose DD–214 form reflects the sexual orientation of the member, the Sec-retary of Defense shall reissue to the mem-ber or the member’s representative a revised DD–214 form that reflects the following: (1) For each covered member discharged, the Separation Code, Reentry Code, Nar-rative Code, and Separation Authority shall not reflect the sexual orientation of the member and shall be placed under secretarial authority. Any other similar indication of the sexual orientation or reason for dis-charge shall be removed or changed accord-ingly to be consistent with this paragraph. (2) For each covered member whose dis-charge occurred prior to the creation of gen-eral secretarial authority, the sections of the DD–214 form referred to paragraph (1) shall be changed to similarly reflect a universal authority with codes, authorities, and lan-guage applicable at the time of discharge. (g) S
TATUS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each covered member whose discharge characterization is changed under subsection (e) shall be treated without regard to the original discharge character-ization of the member, including for pur-poses of— (A) benefits provided by the Federal Gov-ernment to an individual by reason of service in the Armed Forces; and (B) all recognitions and honors that the Secretary of Defense provides to members of the Armed Forces. (2) R
EINSTATEMENT .—In carrying out para-graph (1)(B), the Secretary shall reinstate all recognitions and honors of a covered member whose discharge characterization is changed under subsection (e) that the Secretary with-held because of the original discharge char-acterization of the member. (h) R
EPORTS .— (1) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a review of the consistency and uniformity of the reviews conducted under section 2. (2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and each year thereafter for a four-year period, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port on the reviews under paragraph (1). Such reports shall include any comments or recommendations for continued actions. (i) H
ISTORICAL REVIEW .—The Secretary of each military department shall ensure that oral historians of the department— (1) review the facts and circumstances sur-rounding the estimated 100,000 members of the Armed Forces discharged from the Armed Forces between World War II and Sep-tember 2011 because of the sexual orientation of the member; and (2) receive oral testimony of individuals who personally experienced discrimination and discharge because of the actual or per-ceived sexual orientation of the individual so that such testimony may serve as an official record of these discriminatory policies and their impact on American lives. (j) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate discharge board’’ means the boards for correction of military records under section 1552 of title 10, United States Code, or the discharge review boards under section 1553 of such title, as the case may be. (2) The term ‘‘covered member’’ means any former member of the Armed Forces who was discharged from the Armed Forces because of the sexual orientation of the member. (3) The term ‘‘discharge characterization’’ means the characterization under which a member of the Armed Forces is discharged or released, including ‘‘dishonorable’’, ‘‘gen-eral’’, ‘‘other than honorable’’, and ‘‘honor-able’’. (4) The term ‘‘Don’t Ask Don’t Tell’’ means section 654 of title 10, United States Code, as in effect before such section was repealed pursuant to the Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell Repeal Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–321). (5) The term ‘‘representative’’ means the surviving spouse, next of kin, or legal rep-resentative of a covered member. 
SA 4321. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1247. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON UNITED STATES INTERESTS IN THE FREELY ASSOCIATED STATES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than De-cember 1, 2017, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report set-ting forth the results of a study, conducted by the Comptroller General for purposes of the report, on United States security and foreign policy interests in the Freely Associ-ated States of the Republic of Palau, the Re-public of the Marshall Islands, and the Fed-erated States of Micronesia. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required pursu-ant to subsection (a) shall address the fol-lowing: (1) The role of the Compacts of Free Asso-ciation in promoting United States defense and foreign policy interests, and the status of the obligations of the United States and the Freely Associated States under the Com-pacts of Free Association. (2) The economic assistance practices of the People’s Republic of China in the Freely Associated States, and the implications of such practices for United States defense and foreign policy interests in the Freely Associ-ated States and the Pacific region. (3) The economic assistance practices of other countries in the Freely Associated States, as determined by the Comptroller General, and the implications of such prac-tices for United States defense and foreign policy interests in the Freely Associated States and the Pacific region. (4) Any other matters the Comptroller General considers appropriate. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Comptroller Gen-eral shall consult in the preparation of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.059 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3329 May 26, 2016 
report with other departments and agencies of the United States Government, including elements of the intelligence community. (d) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified for, but may include a classified annex. 
SA 4322. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 583. GAO REPORT ON IMPACT AID CON-STRUCTION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a com-prehensive study that— (1) examines the implementation of section 8007 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (for fiscal year 2016 and any preceding fiscal year, and as in effect for such fiscal year) and section 7007 of that Act (for each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, and as in effect for such fiscal year), including a comparison of— (A) the distribution of payments between subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(3) of those sections, as applicable, for the pe-riod of the 10 fiscal years preceding the fiscal year of the study; (B) other Federal funding made available to local educational agencies eligible to re-ceive funding under subsection (a)(3) of those sections; and (C) the overall level of available capital funding of local educational agencies eligible to receive funding under subsection (a)(3) of those sections compared to other comparable local educational agencies; (2) evaluates unmet need as of the date of enactment of this section for housing of pro-fessionals employed to work at schools oper-ated by local educational agencies eligible to receive funding under subsection (a)(3)(B) of section 7007 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (as in effect for fiscal year 2017); (3) to the extent practicable, determines the age, condition, and remaining utility of school facilities for those local educational agencies enrolling students described in sub-paragraph (B) or (C) of section 7003(a)(1) of that Act (as in effect for fiscal year 2017) that are eligible to receive a basic support payment under— (A) section 8003(b) of that Act (for any of fiscal years 2009 through 2016, and as in effect for such fiscal year); and (B) section 7003(b) of that Act (for any of fiscal years 2017 and 2018, and as in effect for such fiscal year); and (4) recommends a method by which the Federal Government may develop a school facility condition index for a school facility of a local educational agency eligible to re-ceive funding under 7007(a)(3) of that Act (as in effect for fiscal year 2017) that limits the reporting burden to the maximum extent practicable on the eligible local educational agencies included in the index. (b) R
EPORTING .—The Comptroller General shall submit a report containing the conclu-sions of the study under subsection (a) to— (1) the Committees on Indian Affairs, Armed Services, and Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; and (2) the Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs and the Commit-tees on Education and the Workforce and Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives. (c) TIMEFRAME .—The Comptroller General shall complete the study under subsection (a) and submit the report under subsection (b) by the date that is not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. (d) D
EFINITION OF SCHOOL FACILITY .—In this section, the term ‘‘school facility’’ has the meaning given the term in section 7013 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713), as in effect for fis-cal year 2017. 
SA 4323. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 604. 
SA 4324. Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 583. MILITARY SCHOLARSHIPS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to ensure high-quality education for chil-dren of military personnel who live on mili-tary installations and thus have less freedom to exercise school choice for their children, in order to improve the ability of the Armed Forces to retain such military personnel. (b) M
ILITARY SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (A) ESEA 
DEFINITIONS .—The terms ‘‘child’’, ‘‘elementary school’’, ‘‘secondary school’’, and ‘‘local educational agency’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). (B) E
LIGIBLE MILITARY STUDENT .—The term ‘‘eligible military student’’ means a child who— (i) is a military dependent student; (ii) lives on a military installation selected to participate in the program under para-graph (2)(B); and (iii) chooses to attend a participating school, rather than a school otherwise as-signed to the child. (C) M
ILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENT .—The term ‘‘military dependent student’’ has the meaning given the term in section 572(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (20 U.S.C. 7703b(e)). (D) P
ARTICIPATING SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘par-ticipating school’’ means a public or private elementary school or secondary school that— (i) accepts scholarship funds provided under this section on behalf of an eligible military student for the costs of tuition, fees, or transportation of the eligible mili-tary student; and (ii) is accredited, licensed, or otherwise op-erating in accordance with State law. (E) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Defense. (2) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—From amounts made available under paragraph (7) and beginning for the first full school year following the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall carry out a 5-year pilot program to award scholarships to enable eligible mili-tary students to attend the public or private elementary schools or secondary schools se-lected by the eligible military students’ par-ents. (B) S
COPE OF PROGRAM .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall select not less than 5 military installations to par-ticipate in the pilot program described in subparagraph (A). In making such selection, the Secretary shall choose military installa-tions that where eligible military students would most benefit from expanded edu-cational options. (ii) I
NELIGIBILITY .—A military installation that provides, on its premises, education for all elementary school and secondary school grade levels through 1 or more Department of Defense dependents’ schools shall not be eligible for participation in the program. (C) A
MOUNT OF SCHOLARSHIPS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The annual amount of each scholarship awarded to an eligible mili-tary student under this section shall not ex-ceed the lesser of— (I) the cost of tuition, fees, and transpor-tation associated with attending the partici-pating school selected by the parents of the student; or (II)(aa) in the case of an eligible military student attending elementary school— (AA) $8,000 for the first full school year fol-lowing the date of enactment of this Act; or (BB) the amount determined under clause (ii) for each school year following such first full school year; or (bb) in the case of an eligible military stu-dent attending secondary school— (AA) $12,000 for the first full school year following the date of enactment of this Act; or (BB) the amount determined under clause (ii) for each school year following such first full school year. (ii) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—For each school year after the first full school year following the date of enactment of this Act, the amounts specified in items (aa) and (bb) of clause (i)(II) shall be adjusted to reflect changes for the 12-month period ending the preceding June in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Depart-ment of Labor. (D) P
AYMENTS TO PARENTS .—The Secretary shall make scholarship payments under this section to the parent of the eligible military student in a manner that ensures such pay-ments will be used for the payment of tui-tion, fees, and transportation expenses (if any) in accordance with this section. (3) S
ELECTION OF SCHOLARSHIPS RECIPI -
ENTS .— (A) R
ANDOM SELECTION .—If more eligible military students apply for scholarships under the program under this section than the Secretary can accommodate, the Sec-retary shall select the scholarship recipients through a random selection process from students who submitted applications by the application deadline specified by the Sec-retary. (B) C
ONTINUED ELIGIBILITY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—An individual who is se-lected to receive a scholarship under the pro-gram under this section shall continue to re-ceive a scholarship for each year of the pro-gram until the individual— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.059 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3330 May 26, 2016 
(I) graduates from secondary school or elects to no longer participate in the pro-gram; (II) exceeds the maximum age for which the State in which the student lives provides a free public education; or (III) is no longer an eligible military stu-dent. (ii) C
ONTINUED PARTICIPATION FOR MILITARY  
TRANSFERS .— (I) T
RANSFER TO PRIVATE NON -MILITARY  
HOUSING .—Notwithstanding clause (i)(III), an individual receiving a scholarship under this section for a school year who meets the re-quirements of clauses (i) and (iii) of para-graph (1)(B) and whose family, during such school year, moves into private non-military housing that is not considered to be part of the military installation, shall continue to receive the scholarship for use at the partici-pating school for the remaining portion of the school year. (II) T
RANSFER TO A DIFFERENT MILITARY IN -
STALLATION .—Notwithstanding clause(i)(III), an individual receiving a scholarship under this section for a school year whose family is transferred to a different military installa-tion shall no longer be eligible to receive such scholarship beginning on the date of the transfer. Such individual may apply to par-ticipate in any program offered under this section for the new military installation for a subsequent school year, if such individual qualifies as an eligible military student for such school year. (4) N
ONDISCRIMINATION AND OTHER PROVI -
SIONS .— (A) N
ON-DISCRIMINATION .—A participating school shall not discriminate against pro-gram participants or applicants on the basis of race, color, national origin, or sex. (B) A
PPLICABILITY AND SINGLE -SEX SCHOOLS , 
CLASSES , OR ACTIVITIES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the prohibition of sex discrimination in subparagraph (A) shall not apply to a participating school that is oper-ated by, supervised by, controlled by, or con-nected to a religious organization to the ex-tent that the application of subparagraph (A) is inconsistent with the religious tenets or beliefs of the school. (ii) S
INGLE -SEX SCHOOLS , CLASSES , OR AC -
TIVITIES .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A) or any other provision of law, a parent may choose, and a participating school may offer, a single-sex school, class, or activity. (C) C
HILDREN WITH DISABILITIES .—Nothing in this section may be construed to alter or modify the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.). (D) R
ULES OF CONDUCT AND OTHER SCHOOL  
POLICIES .—A participating school, including the schools described in paragraph (5), may require eligible students to abide by any rules of conduct and other requirements ap-plicable to all other students at the school. (5) R
ELIGIOUSLY AFFILIATED SCHOOLS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a participating school that is operated by, supervised by, controlled by, or connected to, a religious organization may exercise its right in matters of employ-ment consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.), in-cluding the exemptions in that title. (B) M
AINTENANCE OF PURPOSE .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, funds made available under this section to eligible military students that are received by a par-ticipating school, as a result of their par-ents’ choice, shall not, consistent with the first amendment of the Constitution of the United States— (i) necessitate any change in the partici-pating school’s teaching mission; (ii) require any private participating school to remove religious art, icons, scrip-tures, or other symbols; or (iii) preclude any private participating school from retaining religious terms in its name, selecting its board members on a reli-gious basis, or including religious references in its mission statements and other char-tering or governing documents. (6) REPORTS .— (A) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than July 30 of the year following the year of the date of enactment of this Act, and each subse-quent year through the year in which the final report is submitted under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall prepare and submit to Congress an interim report on the scholar-ships awarded under the pilot program under this section that includes the content de-scribed in subparagraph (C) for the applica-ble school year of the report. (B) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the end of the pilot program under this section, the Secretary shall prepare and sub-mit to Congress a report on the scholarships awarded under the program that includes the content described in subparagraph (C) for each school year of the program. (C) C
ONTENT .—Each annual report under subparagraph (A) and the final report under subparagraph (B) shall contain— (i) the number of applicants for scholar-ships under this section; (ii) the number, and the average dollar amount, of scholarships awarded; (iii) the number of participating schools; (iv) the number of elementary school stu-dents receiving scholarships under this sec-tion and the number of secondary school stu-dents receiving such scholarships; and (v) the results of a survey, conducted by the Secretary, regarding parental satisfac-tion with the scholarship program under this section. (7) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. (8) O
FFSET IN DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
SALARIES .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, for fiscal year 2017 and each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years, the Secretary of Education shall return to the Treasury $10,000,000 of the amounts made available to the Secretary for salaries and expenses of the Department of Education for such year. 
SA 4325. Mr. KIRK submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1031. ADDITIONAL REPORTS ON TRANSFER OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO FOR-EIGN COUNTRIES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED UPONTRANSFER .— (1) R
EPORT .—Upon the transfer of an indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo to a foreign country, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on any written or unwritten agreement or memorandum of understanding between the United States Government and the government of the country regarding the transfer of the individual. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report on an individual under paragraph (1) shall set forth the fol-lowing: (A) The prospective status of the indi-vidual after transfer to the country con-cerned. (B) The capacity of the country to securely detain or monitor the individual, or both. (C) The actions the country will take to mitigate the risk of recidivism by the indi-vidual. (D) An assessment of the security environ-ment in the country. (E) A list of individuals detained at Guan-tanamo previously transferred to the coun-try, if any, and the current known status of each such individual. (F) A plan to periodically assess the status of the individual and the compliance of the country with any written or unwritten agreement or memorandum of understanding described in subsection (a). (G) An assessment of security cooperation between the United States and the country, and a description of any security assistance provided to the country— (i) in connection with the transfer; and (ii) during the two-year period ending on the date of the report. (H) Any other incentives provided by the United States Government to the country to accept the transfer of the individual. (b) R
EPORTS REQUIRED AFTER TRANSFER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress, with the frequency specified in para-graph (2), a report on each individual de-tained at Guantanamo who is transferred to a foreign county. Each such report shall in-clude the following: (A) A description of the compliance of such country with any written or unwritten agreement or memorandum of understanding between the United States Government and the government of such country regarding the transfer of the individual. (B) A description of the status of each indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo who was pre-viously transferred to such country, regard-less of when transferred. (2) F
REQUENCY .—A report shall be sub-mitted under paragraph (1) on an individual as follows: (A) Not later than six months after trans-fer. (B) Not later than one year after transfer. (C) Not later than annually thereafter. (c) C
ONSTRUCTION WITHOTHER REPORTING  R
EQUIREMENTS .—The reports required under this section in connection with the transfer of an individual detained at Guantanamo are in addition to any other reports required in connection with the transfer of the indi-vidual under any other provision of law. (d) P
UBLICATION .—Each report under this section shall be published in the Federal Register in unclassified form. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guan-tanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— (A) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.059 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3331 May 26, 2016 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SEC. 1032. REPORT ON INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, WHOSE STATUS WAS REVISED AFTER 2010 FINAL REPORT OF THE GUANTA-NAMO REVIEW TASK FORCE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on the individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, whose status was revised after the January 22, 2010, Final Report of the Guanta-namo Review Task Force. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Name and number of each individual de-tained at Guantanamo whose status was re-vised after the January 22, 2010, Final Report of the Guantanamo Review Task Force. (2) An explanation for the revision in sta-tus of each such individual. (3) The name of each individual detained at Guantanamo who was designated in the Final Report of the Guantanamo Review Task Force as too dangerous to transfer, but had the status revised and was subsequently transferred from United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (4) The place to which each individual cov-ered by paragraph (3) was transferred. (5) The current status of each individual covered by paragraph (3). (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guan-tanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— (A) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense; or (ii) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SA 4326. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO PROCURE GOODS OR SERVICES FROM PERSONS THAT ENGAGE IN SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS WITH CERTAIN IRANIAN PERSONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—No funds authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 may be used to procure, or enter into any contract for the procure-ment of, any goods or services from any per-son that knowingly engages in a significant transaction or transactions with a covered Iranian person during such fiscal year. (b) CERTIFICATION .—The Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation shall be revised to require a certification from each person that is a pro-spective contractor that such person does not engage in any transaction described in subsection (a). Such revision shall apply with respect to contracts in an amount greater than the simplified acquisition threshold (as defined in section 134 of title 41, United States Code) for which solicita-tions are issued on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treasury, may, on a case-by-case basis, waive the limitation in subsection (a) with respect to a person if the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treasury— (1) determines that the waiver is important to the national security interest of the United States; and (2) not less than 30 days before the date on which the waiver is to take effect, submits to the appropriate committees of Congress— (A) a notification of, and detailed justifica-tion for, the waiver; and (B) a certification that— (i) the person to which the waiver is to apply is no longer engaging in transactions described in subsection (a) or has taken sig-nificant verifiable and credible steps toward stopping such transactions, including wind-ing down contracts or other agreements that were in effect before the date of the enact-ment of this Act; and (ii) the Secretary of Defense has received reliable assurances in writing that the per-son will not knowingly engage in a trans-action described in subsection (a) in the fu-ture. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OVERED IRANIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘covered Iranian person’’ means an Iranian person that— (A) is included on the list of specially des-ignated nationals and blocked persons main-tained by the Office of Foreign Assets Con-trol of the Department of the Treasury and the property and interests in property of which are blocked pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) for acting on behalf of or at the direction of, or being owned or con-trolled by, the Government of Iran; (B) is included on the list of persons identi-fied as blocked solely pursuant to Executive Order 13599; or (C) in the case of an Iranian person de-scribed in paragraph (3)(B)— (i) is owned, directly or indirectly, by— (I) Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, or any agent or affiliate thereof; or (II) one or more other Iranian persons that are included on the list of specially des-ignated nationals and blocked persons as de-scribed in subparagraph (A) if such Iranian persons collectively own a 25 percent or greater interest in the Iranian person; or (ii) is controlled, managed, or directed, di-rectly or indirectly, by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, or any agent or affiliate there-of, or by one or more other Iranian persons described in clause (i)(II). (3) I
RANIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘Iranian person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a national of Iran; or (B) an entity that is organized under the laws of Iran or otherwise subject to the juris-diction of the Government of Iran. (4) KNOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’ shall be determined, for the purposes of this section, in accordance with section 561.314 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as such section 561.314 was in effect on January 1, 2016. (5) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means has the meaning given such term in section 560.305 of title 31, Code of Federal Regula-tion, as such section 560.305 was in effect on April 22, 2016. (6) S
IGNIFICANT TRANSACTION OR TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The term ‘‘significant transaction or transactions’’ shall be determined, for purposes of this section, in accordance with section 561.404 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as such section 561.404 was in ef-fect on January 1, 2016. 
SA 4327. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. VEHICLE INSPECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As an interim safety measure, the Transportation Protective Service of the Department of Defense shall ensure that all commercial transportation service providers transporting explosives or potentially hazardous or sensitive cargo have a vehicle out-of-service percentage rate of not more than 10 percent, as determined by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Admin-istration, until the Department of Transpor-tation concludes its current study to deter-mine fair and accurate scoring methodology for the Safety Measurement System. (b) C
OMPLIANCE .—The Transportation Pro-tective Service may give a provider that ex-ceeds the allowable vehicle out-of-service percentage rate under subsection (a) up to 90 days to bring such rate in compliance with subsection (a). 
SA 4328. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1266. REPORT ON SECURITY COOPERATION PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN-TENDED TO BUILD PARTNER CAPAC-ITY OF FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on the security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense that are intended to build partner capacity of foreign countries. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An identification of each current secu-rity cooperation program or activity of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.055 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3332 May 26, 2016 
Department of Defense that is intended to build partner capacity of a foreign country. (2) A description of the manner in which each program and activity identified pursu-ant to paragraph (1) is intended to build partner capacity of a foreign country. (3) An assessment whether the programs and activities identified pursuant to para-graph (1) have effectively contributed to the accomplishment of strategic-level objec-tives. (c) A
SSESSMENT .—In preparing the assess-ment of a program or activity required pur-suant to subsection (b)(3), the Secretary shall do a comparative analysis of the short- term, medium-term, and long-term effective-ness of the program or activity from the per-spective of the United States Government and from the perspective of the government of the country concerned. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ and ‘‘security cooperation programs and activi-ties of the Department of Defense’’ have the meaning given those terms in section 301 of title 10, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 1252 of this Act. 
SA 4329. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subsection (d) of section 876, add the following: (8) Secure laser communications systems with high data rates to provide low prob-ability of interception by adversaries. (9) Advanced additive manufacturing capa-bilities that can be deployed in combat zones for use in areas without adequate access to parts and supplies or out at sea. 
SA 4330. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle J—Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks 
SEC. 1099A. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) M
ONUMENT .—The term ‘‘Monument’’ means the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument established by Presi-dential Proclamation 9131 (79 Fed. Reg. 30431). (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of New Mexico. (4) W
ILDERNESS AREA .—The term ‘‘wilder-ness area’’ means a wilderness area des-ignated by section 1099B(a). 
SEC. 1099B. DESIGNATION OF WILDERNESS AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following areas in the State are designated as wilderness and as components of the Na-tional Wilderness Preservation System: (1) ADEN LAVA FLOW WILDERNESS .—Certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management in Don˜a Ana County com-prising approximately 27,673 acres, as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Potrillo Mountains Complex’’ and dated April 19, 2016, which shall be known as the ‘‘Aden Lava Flow Wilderness’’. (2) B
ROAD CANYON WILDERNESS .—Certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management in Don˜a Ana County com-prising approximately 13,902 acres, as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Desert Peaks Wilderness’’ and dated April 19, 2016, which shall be known as the ‘‘Broad Canyon Wilderness’’. (3) C
INDER CONE WILDERNESS .—Certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Manage-ment in Don˜a Ana County comprising ap-proximately 16,935 acres, as generally de-picted on the map entitled ‘‘Potrillo Moun-tains Complex’’ and dated April 19, 2016, which shall be known as the ‘‘Cinder Cone Wilderness’’. (4) O
RGAN MOUNTAINS WILDERNESS .—Certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management in Don˜a Ana County com-prising approximately 19,197 acres, as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Organ Mountains Area’’ and dated April 19, 2016, which shall be known as the ‘‘Organ Moun-tains Wilderness’’, the boundary of which shall be offset 400 feet from the centerline of Dripping Springs Road in T. 23 S., R. 04 E., sec. 7, New Mexico Principal Meridian. (5) P
OTRILLO MOUNTAINS WILDERNESS .—Cer- tain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management in Don˜a Ana and Luna counties comprising approximately 125,854 acres, as generally depicted on the map enti-tled ‘‘Potrillo Mountains Complex’’ and dated April 19, 2016, which shall be known as the ‘‘Potrillo Mountains Wilderness’’. (6) R
OBLEDO MOUNTAINS WILDERNESS .—Cer- tain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management in Don˜a Ana County com-prising approximately 16,776 acres, as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Desert Peaks Complex’’ and dated April 19, 2016, which shall be known as the ‘‘Robledo Moun-tains Wilderness’’. (7) S
IERRA DE LAS UVAS WILDERNESS .—Cer- tain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management in Don˜a Ana County com-prising approximately 11,114 acres, as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Desert Peaks Complex’’ and dated April 19, 2016, which shall be known as the ‘‘Sierra de las Uvas Wilderness’’. (8) W
HITETHORN WILDERNESS .—Certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Manage-ment in Don˜a Ana and Luna counties com-prising approximately 9,616 acres, as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Potrillo Mountains Complex’’ and dated April 19, 2016, which shall be known as the ‘‘Whitethorn Wilderness’’. (b) M
APS AND LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file maps and legal descrip-tions of the wilderness areas with— (A) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. (2) F
ORCE OF LAW .—The maps and legal de-scriptions filed under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this subtitle, except that the Secretary may correct errors in the maps and legal de-scriptions. (3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The maps and legal descriptions filed under paragraph (1) shall be on file and available for public in-spection in the appropriate offices of the Bu-reau of Land Management. (c) MANAGEMENT .—Subject to valid exist-ing rights, the wilderness areas shall be ad-ministered by the Secretary— (1) as components of the National Land-scape Conservation System; and (2) in accordance with— (A) this subtitle; and (B) the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), except that— (i) any reference in the Wilderness Act to the effective date of that Act shall be consid-ered to be a reference to the date of enact-ment of this Act; and (ii) any reference in the Wilderness Act to the Secretary of Agriculture shall be consid-ered to be a reference to the Secretary of the Interior. (d) I
NCORPORATION OF ACQUIRED LAND AND  I
NTERESTS IN LAND.—Any land or interest in land that is within the boundary of a wilder-ness area that is acquired by the United States shall— (1) become part of the wilderness area within the boundaries of which the land is located; and (2) be managed in accordance with— (A) the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.); (B) this subtitle; and (C) any other applicable laws. (e) G
RAZING .—Grazing of livestock in the wilderness areas, where established before the date of enactment of this Act, shall be administered in accordance with— (1) section 4(d)(4) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(4)); and (2) the guidelines set forth in Appendix A of the Report of the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs to accompany H.R. 2570 of the 101st Congress (H. Rept. 101–405). (f) M
ILITARY OVERFLIGHTS .—Nothing in this section restricts or precludes— (1) low-level overflights of military air-craft over the wilderness areas, including military overflights that can be seen or heard within the wilderness areas; (2) the designation of new units of special airspace over the wilderness areas; or (3) the use or establishment of military flight training routes over the wilderness areas. (g) B
UFFER ZONES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section creates a protective perimeter or buffer zone around any wilderness area. (2) A
CTIVITIES OUTSIDE WILDERNESS  
AREAS .—The fact that an activity or use on land outside any wilderness area can be seen or heard within the wilderness area shall not preclude the activity or use outside the boundary of the wilderness area. (h) P
ARAGLIDING .—The use of paragliding within areas of the Potrillo Mountains Wil-derness designated by subsection (a)(5) in which the use has been established before the date of enactment of this Act, shall be al-lowed to continue in accordance with section 4(d)(1) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(1)), subject to any terms and condi-tions that the Secretary determines to be necessary. (i) C
LIMATOLOGIC DATA COLLECTION .—Sub- ject to such terms and conditions as the Sec-retary may prescribe, nothing in this sub-title precludes the installation and mainte-nance of hydrologic, meteorologic, or climatologic collection devices in wilderness areas if the facilities and access to the facili-ties are essential to flood warning, flood con-trol, or water reservoir operation activities. (j) F
ISH AND WILDLIFE .—Nothing in this subtitle affects the jurisdiction of the State with respect to fish and wildlife located on public land in the State, except that the Sec-retary, after consultation with the New Mex-ico Department of Game and Fish, may des-ignate zones where, and establish periods during which, no hunting or fishing shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.055 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3333 May 26, 2016 
permitted for reasons of public safety, ad-ministration, or compliance with applicable law. (k) W
ITHDRAWALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights, the Federal land within the wilder-ness areas and any land or interest in land that is acquired by the United States in the wilderness areas after the date of enactment of this Act is withdrawn from— (A) entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; (B) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and (C) operation of the mineral leasing, min-eral materials, and geothermal leasing laws. (2) P
ARCEL B .—The approximately 6,500 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘Parcel B’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Organ Mountains Area’’ and dated April 19, 2016, is withdrawn in accordance with paragraph (1), except that the land is not withdrawn for purposes of the issuance of oil and gas pipeline rights-of- way. (3) P
ARCEL C .—The approximately 1,300 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘Parcel C’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Organ Mountains Area’’ and dated April 19, 2016, is withdrawn in accordance with paragraph (1), except that the land is not withdrawn from disposal under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the ‘‘Recreation and Public Pur-poses Act’’) (43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). (4) P
ARCEL D .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army shall allow for the conduct of certain recreational activities on the approximately 2,050 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘Parcel D’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Organ Mountains Area’’ and dated April 19, 2016 (re-ferred to in this paragraph as the ‘‘parcel’’), which is a portion of the public land with-drawn and reserved for military purposes by Public Land Order 833 dated May 21, 1952 (17 Fed. Reg. 4822). (B) O
UTDOOR RECREATION PLAN .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army shall develop a plan for public outdoor recreation on the parcel that is consistent with the primary military mission of the parcel. (ii) R
EQUIREMENT .—In developing the plan under clause (i), the Secretary of the Army shall ensure, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, that outdoor recreation activities may be conducted on the parcel, including, hunting, hiking, wildlife viewing, and camp-ing. (C) C
LOSURES .—The Secretary of the Army may close the parcel or any portion of the parcel to the public as the Secretary of the Army determines to be necessary to pro-tect— (i) public safety; or (ii) the safety of the military members training on the parcel. (D) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION; WITHDRAWAL .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—On a determination by the Secretary of the Army that military train-ing capabilities, personnel safety, and instal-lation security would not be hindered as a result of the transfer to the Secretary of ad-ministrative jurisdiction over the parcel, the Secretary of the Army shall transfer to the Secretary administrative jurisdiction over the parcel. (ii) W
ITHDRAWAL .—On transfer of the parcel under clause (i), the parcel shall be— (I) under the jurisdiction of the Director of the Bureau of Land Management; and (II) withdrawn from— (aa) entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; (bb) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and (cc) operation of the mineral leasing, min-eral materials, and geothermal leasing laws. (iii) RESERVATION .—On transfer under clause (i), the parcel shall be reserved for management of the resources of, and mili-tary training conducted on, the parcel in ac-cordance with a memorandum of under-standing entered into under subparagraph (E). (E) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING RE -
LATING TO MILITARY TRAINING .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If, after the transfer of the parcel under subparagraph (D)(i), the Sec-retary of the Army requests that the Sec-retary enter into a memorandum of under-standing, the Secretary shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Sec-retary of the Army providing for the conduct of military training on the parcel. (ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The memorandum of understanding entered into under clause (i) shall— (I) address the location, frequency, and type of training activities to be conducted on the parcel; (II) provide to the Secretary of the Army access to the parcel for the conduct of mili-tary training; (III) authorize the Secretary or the Sec-retary of the Army to close the parcel or a portion of the parcel to the public as the Secretary or the Secretary of the Army de-termines to be necessary to protect— (aa) public safety; or (bb) the safety of the military members training; and (IV) to the maximum extent practicable, provide for the protection of natural, his-toric, and cultural resources in the area of the parcel. (F) M
ILITARY OVERFLIGHTS .—Nothing in this paragraph restricts or precludes— (i) low-level overflights of military aircraft over the parcel, including military over-flights that can be seen or heard within the parcel; (ii) the designation of new units of special airspace over the parcel; or (iii) the use or establishment of military flight training routes over the parcel. (l) P
OTENTIAL WILDERNESS AREA.— (1) R
OBLEDO MOUNTAINS POTENTIAL WILDER -
NESS AREA .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Certain land adminis-tered by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 100 acres as gen-erally depicted as ‘‘Potential Wilderness’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Desert Peaks Complex’’ and dated April 19, 2016, is designated as a potential wilderness area. (B) U
SES.—The Secretary shall permit only such uses on the land described in subpara-graph (A) that were permitted on the date of enactment of this Act. (C) D
ESIGNATION AS WILDERNESS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—On the date on which the Secretary publishes in the Federal Register the notice described in clause (ii), the poten-tial wilderness area designated under sub-paragraph (A) shall be— (I) designated as wilderness and as a com-ponent of the National Wilderness Preserva-tion System; and (II) incorporated into the Robledo Moun-tains Wilderness designated by subsection (a)(6). (ii) N
OTICE .—The notice referred to in clause (i) is notice that— (I) the communications site within the po-tential wilderness area designated under sub-paragraph (A) is no longer used; (II) the associated right-of-way is relin-quished or not renewed; and (III) the conditions in the potential wilder-ness area designated by subparagraph (A) are compatible with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.). (m) R
ELEASE OF WILDERNESS STUDY  A
REAS .—Congress finds that, for purposes of section 603(c) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(c)), the public land in Don˜a Ana County adminis-tered by the Bureau of Land Management not designated as wilderness by subsection (a)— (1) has been adequately studied for wilder-ness designation; (2) is no longer subject to section 603(c) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(c)); and (3) shall be managed in accordance with— (A) the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); (B) this subtitle; and (C) any other applicable laws. SEC. 1099C. BORDER SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this subtitle— (1) prevents the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity from undertaking law enforcement and border security activities, in accordance with section 4(c) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(c)), within the wilderness areas, including the ability to use motorized access within a wilderness area while in pursuit of a suspect; (2) affects the 2006 Memorandum of Under-standing among the Department of Home-land Security, the Department of the Inte-rior, and the Department of Agriculture re-garding cooperative national security and counterterrorism efforts on Federal land along the borders of the United States; or (3) prevents the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity from conducting any low-level over-flights over the wilderness areas that may be necessary for law enforcement and border se-curity purposes. (b) W
ITHDRAWAL AND ADMINISTRATION OF  C
ERTAIN AREA.— (1) W
ITHDRAWAL .—The area identified as ‘‘Parcel A’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Potrillo Mountains Complex’’ and dated April 19, 2016, is withdrawn in accordance with section 1099B(k)(1). (2) A
DMINISTRATION .—Except as provided in paragraphs (3) and (4), the Secretary shall administer the area described in paragraph (1) in a manner that, to the maximum extent practicable, protects the wilderness char-acter of the area. (3) U
SE OF MOTOR VEHICLES .—The use of motor vehicles, motorized equipment, and mechanical transport shall be prohibited in the area described in paragraph (1) except as necessary for— (A) the administration of the area (includ-ing the conduct of law enforcement and bor-der security activities in the area); or (B) grazing uses by authorized permittees. (4) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection precludes the Secretary from al-lowing within the area described in para-graph (1) the installation and maintenance of communication or surveillance infrastruc-ture necessary for law enforcement or border security activities. (c) R
ESTRICTED ROUTE .—The route ex-cluded from the Potrillo Mountains Wilder-ness identified as ‘‘Restricted—Administra-tive Access’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Potrillo Mountains Complex’’ and dated April 19, 2016, shall be— (1) closed to public access; but (2) available for administrative and law en-forcement uses, including border security ac-tivities. 
SEC. 1099D. ORGAN MOUNTAINS-DESERT PEAKS NATIONAL MONUMENT. 
(a) M ANAGEMENT PLAN.—In preparing and implementing the management plan for the Monument, the Secretary shall include a wa-tershed health assessment to identify oppor-tunities for watershed restoration. (b) I
NCORPORATION OF ACQUIRED STATE  T
RUST LAND AND INTERESTS IN STATE TRUST  L
AND.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.056 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3334 May 26, 2016 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Any land or interest in land that is within the State trust land de-scribed in paragraph (2) that is acquired by the United States shall— (A) become part of the Monument; and (B) be managed in accordance with— (i) Presidential Proclamation 9131 (79 Fed. Reg. 30431); and (ii) any other applicable laws. (2) D
ESCRIPTION OF STATE TRUST LAND .—The State trust land referred to in paragraph (1) is the State trust land in T. 22 S., R 01 W., New Mexico Principal Meridian and T. 22 S., R. 02 W., New Mexico Principal Meridian. (c) L
ANDEXCHANGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (3) through (6), the Secretary shall attempt to enter into an agreement to initiate an ex-change under section 2201.1 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions), with the Commissioner of Public Lands of New Mexico, by the date that is 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, to provide for a conveyance to the State of all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to Bureau of Land Manage-ment land in the State identified under para-graph (2) in exchange for the conveyance by the State to the Secretary of all right, title, and interest of the State in and to parcels of State trust land within the boundary of the Monument identified under that paragraph or described in subsection (b)(2). (2) I
DENTIFICATION OF LAND FOR EX -
CHANGE .—The Secretary and the Commis-sioner of Public Lands of New Mexico shall jointly identify the Bureau of Land Manage-ment land and State trust and eligible for exchange under this subsection, the exact acreage and legal description of which shall be determined by surveys approved by the Secretary and the New Mexico State Land Office. (3) A
PPLICABLE LAW .—A land exchange under paragraph (1) shall be carried out in accordance with section 206 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1716). (4) C
ONDITIONS .—A land exchange under paragraph (1) shall be subject to— (A) valid existing rights; and (B) such terms as the Secretary and the State shall establish. (5) V
ALUATION , APPRAISALS , AND EQUALI -
ZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The value of the Bureau of Land Management land and the State trust land to be conveyed in a land exchange under this subsection— (i) shall be equal, as determined by ap-praisals conducted in accordance with sub-paragraph (B); or (ii) if not equal, shall be equalized in ac-cordance with subparagraph (C). (B) A
PPRAISALS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Bureau of Land Man-agement land and State trust land to be ex-changed under this subsection shall be ap-praised by an independent, qualified ap-praiser that is agreed to by the Secretary and the State. (ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An appraisal under clause (i) shall be conducted in accordance with— (I) the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions; and (II) the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. (C) E
QUALIZATION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If the value of the Bureau of Land Management land and the State trust land to be conveyed in a land exchange under this subsection is not equal, the value may be equalized by— (I) making a cash equalization payment to the Secretary or to the State, as appro-priate, in accordance with section 206(b) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1716(b)); or (II) reducing the acreage of the Bureau of Land Management land or State trust land to be exchanged, as appropriate. (ii) CASH EQUALIZATION PAYMENTS .—Any cash equalization payments received by the Secretary under clause (i)(I) shall be— (I) deposited in the Federal Land Disposal Account established by section 206(a) of the Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act (43 U.S.C. 2305(a)); and (II) used in accordance with that Act. (6) L
IMITATION .—No exchange of land shall be conducted under this subsection unless mutually agreed to by the Secretary and the State. 
SA 4331. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 1221, add the fol-lowing: (c) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR LE-
THAL ARMS FOR THE VETTED SYRIAN OPPOSI -
TION.— (1) L
IMITATION .—Amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act may not be ex-pended for procuring or transferring lethal arms to the vetted Syrian opposition until the Secretary of Defense determines, and certifies in writing, that such arms are not being transferred to individuals or groups who are allied, working with, or otherwise associated with Al Qaeda and its affiliates, Al Nusrah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), or other terrorists groups identified by the United States Government. (2) C
ONSULTATION IN DETERMINATION .—In making a determination for purposes of paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Secretary of State, the Di-rector of National Intelligence, and the ele-ments of the intelligence community. (3) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The President may waive the limitation in paragraph (1) with respect to the procurement or transfer of le-thal arms if the President determines that the transfer of such arms is in the national security interests of the United States. (4) P
ROVISION TO CONGRESS .—The President shall provide each waiver under paragraph (3), and an unclassified summary thereof, to— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 4332. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: SEC. 1097. INTERNATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE SIMULATION AND ANALYSIS CEN-TER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Using existing funds, the Secretary of Defense shall work in con-sultation with the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of State to develop an Inter-national Infrastructure Simulation and Analysis Center. (b) P
URPOSE .—The International Infra-structure Simulation and Analysis Center shall serves as the focal point for gathering, analyzing, and disseminating information to the Department of Defense, Secretary of State, the Department of Energy, and Na-tional Security Council for the purposes of— (1) providing advanced modeling, simula-tion, and analysis capabilities to analyze critical infrastructure interdependencies, vulnerabilities, and complexities outside the United States; (2) providing analysis and data to policy makers and decision makers to aid in the prevention or response to humanitarian or other threats outside the United States; and (3) providing strategic, multidisciplinary analyses of infrastructure interdependencies and the consequences of infrastructure dis-ruptions across multiple infrastructure sec-tors outside the United States. (c) U
SE OF EXISTING FACILITIES .—The Inter-national Infrastructure Simulation and Analysis Center shall utilize existing Depart-ment of Defense or Department of Energy fa-cilities. (d) C
APABILITIES .—The Center should in-clude the following capabilities: (1) Process-based systems dynamic models. (2) Mathematical network optimization models. (3) Physics-based models of existing infra-structure. (4) High fidelity, agent-based simulations of systems. (5) Other systems capabilities as deemed necessary by the Secretary of Defense to ful-fil the mission needs of the Department of Defense. 
SA 4333. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. RESEARCH ON IMPACT OF OPEN BURN PITS ON MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND VETERANS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF RESEARCH NET-
WORK .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a research network in which public and private entities assist the Secretary in conducting research on— (A) the impact on the health of members of the Armed Forces and veterans of exposure by such members and veterans to open burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan; and (B) treatment for health conditions related to such exposure. (2) R
ESEARCH CONDUCTED .—The research conducted pursuant to this section shall in-clude the following: (A) Scientific studies that advance knowl-edge of the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions among members of the Armed Forces and veterans associated with exposure of such members and veterans to toxic chemicals that are known or likely to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.056 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3335 May 26, 2016 
be present in smoke from open burn pits used in Afghanistan and Iraq after September 11, 2001. (B) Research on the impact of exposure of individuals to open burn pits from the fol-lowing fields: (i) Environmental medicine. (ii) Occupational medicine. (iii) Inhalation toxicology. (C) Research on the feasibility and advis-ability of using complementary and alter-native medicine to treat members of the Armed Forces and veterans for health condi-tions arising from exposure to open burn pits. (3) U
SE OF RESEARCH .—The Secretary shall use research conducted pursuant to this sec-tion as follows: (A) To assist in developing best practices for treatment of health conditions caused by exposure of members of the Armed Forces or veterans to open burn pits. (B) To assist in determining a disability rating for any veteran filing a claim for ben-efits under the laws administered by the Sec-retary based on the exposure of the veteran to an open burn pit while serving as a mem-ber of the Armed Forces. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make available to eligible entities described in paragraph (2) the information contained in the open burn pit registry for purposes of conducting research described in subsection (a)(2). (2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES DESCRIBED .—An eligi- ble entity described in this paragraph is any private research institution or medical re-search center of an institution of higher edu-cation that— (A) is dedicated to the conduct of research on health conditions caused by exposure to air pollutants; and (B) is licensed and accredited under all ap-plicable Federal, State, and local laws to conduct research described in subsection (a)(2). (3) S
UBMITTAL OF RESEARCH .—Any eligible entity that conducts research described in subsection (a)(2) using information from the open burn pit registry shall submit such re-search to the Secretary for inclusion in the database established under subsection (c). (c) E
STABLISHMENT OF DATABASE .—The Secretary shall publish on an Internet data-base of the Department available to the pub-lic all research described in subsection (a)(2) that is submitted to the Secretary pursuant to this section to allow peer review and anal-ysis of such research from the public. (d) P
RIVACY .—Any medical or other per-sonal information obtained by the Depart-ment under this section or by an entity con-ducting research under this section shall be protected from disclosure or misuse in ac-cordance with the laws on privacy applicable to such information. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMPLEMENTARY AND ALTERNATIVE MED -
ICINE .—The term ‘‘complementary and alter-native medicine’’ shall have the meaning given that term in regulations the Secretary shall prescribe for purposes of this section and shall— (A) to the degree practicable, be consistent with the meaning given such term by the Secretary of Health and Human Services; and (B) include medicine or treatment that is a cultural tradition of members of Indian tribes and Native Hawaiians. (2) I
NDIAN TRIBE DEFINED .—The term ‘‘In-dian tribe’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). (3) O
PEN BURN PIT .—The term ‘‘open burn pit’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 201(c) of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). (4) OPEN BURN PIT REGISTRY .—The term ‘‘open burn pit registry’’ means the registry established by the Department of Veterans Affairs under section 201(a) of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Im-provement Act of 2012. 
SA 4334. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: Subtitle I—Matters Relating to Cuba 
SEC. 1281. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Cuba Digital and Telecommunications Advance-ment Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘Cuba DATA Act’’. 
SEC. 1282. EXPORTATION OF CONSUMER COMMU-NICATION DEVICES AND TELE-COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES TO CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the President may permit any person subject to the jurisdiction of the United States— (1) to export consumer communication de-vices and other telecommunications equip-ment to Cuba; (2) to provide telecommunications services involving Cuba or persons in Cuba; (3) to establish facilities to provide tele-communications services connecting Cuba with another country or to provide tele-communications services in Cuba; (4) to conduct any transaction incident to carrying out an activity described in any of paragraphs (1) through (3); and (5) to enter into, perform, and make and receive payments under a contract with any individual or entity in Cuba with respect to the provision of telecommunications services involving Cuba or persons in Cuba. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter for 4 years, the President shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on— (1) the percentage of individuals in Cuba who are able to access the Internet and the infrastructure that would be needed in Cuba to reach the goal of increasing that percent-age to 50 percent by 2020; (2) the ability of individuals in Cuba, in-cluding foreign tourists, to access data through the use of cell phones and the infra-structure that would be needed to bring the capability to access that data to rural and urban population centers in Cuba; (3) the impact of access to telecommuni-cations technology on the development of new businesses, co-ops, and educational op-portunities in Cuba; and (4) the impact of the telecommunications equipment and telecommunications services provided under this section on advancing the human rights objectives of the United States and how such equipment and services are being used to advance those objectives. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ONSUMER COMMUNICATION DEVICES .— The term ‘‘consumer communication de-vices’’ means commodities and software de-scribed in section 740.19(b) of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regu-lation). (2) PERSON SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF  
THE UNITED STATES .—The term ‘‘person sub-ject to the jurisdiction of the United States’’ means— (A) any individual, wherever located, who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (B) any person located in the United States; (C) any corporation, partnership, associa-tion, or other organization organized under the laws of the United States or of any State, territory, possession, or district of the United States; and (D) any corporation, partnership, associa-tion, or other organization, wherever orga-nized or doing business, that is owned or con-trolled by a person described in subpara-graph (A), (B), or (C). (3) T
ELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES .—The term ‘‘telecommunications services’’ in-cludes— (A) data, telephone, telegraph, Internet connectivity, radio, television, news wire feeds, and similar services, regardless of the medium of transmission and including trans-mission by satellite; (B) services incident to the exchange of communications over the Internet; (C) domain name registration services; and (D) services that are related to consumer communication devices and other tele-communications equipment to install, re-pair, or replace such devices and equipment. 
SEC. 1283. REPEAL OF CERTAIN AUTHORITIES PREVENTING FINANCING AND MAR-KET REFORM FOR CUBA. 
(a) C UBAN DEMOCRACY ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1704 of the Cuban Democracy Act of 1992 (22 U.S.C. 6003) is re-pealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 204 of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Soli-darity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6064) is amended— (A) in subsection (b), by amending para-graph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) sections 1705(d) and 1706 of the Cuban Democracy Act of 1992 (22 U.S.C. 6004(d) and 6005);’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by amending para-graph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) sections 1705(d) and 1706 of the Cuban Democracy Act of 1992 (22 U.S.C. 6004(d) and 6005) are repealed; and’’. (b) C
UBAN LIBERTY AND DEMOCRATIC SOLI-
DARITY ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Sections 102, 103, 104, 105, and 108 of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6032, 6033, 6034, 6035, and 6038) are repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 109(a) of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6039(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘(including section 102 of this Act)’’. 
SA 4335. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VI, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.057 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3336 May 26, 2016 
SEC. 663. COMMISSARY, EXCHANGE, AND MO-RALE, WELFARE, AND RECREATION BENEFITS FOR CERTAIN SAME-SEX SURVIVING SPOUSES OF MEMBERS AND FORMER MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A qualifying same-sex surviving spouse of a member or former member of the uniformed services is entitled to commissary, exchange, and morale, wel-fare, and recreation privilege benefits, and shall be issued a Department of Defense Identification Card for purposes of receipt of such benefits, to the same extent, and on the same basis, as the surviving spouse of a re-tired member of the uniformed services who is not a qualifying same-sex surviving spouse but is entitled to such benefits. (b) Q
UALIFYING SAME-SEX SURVIVING  S
POUSE .—For purposes of this section, an in-dividual is a qualifying same-sex surviving spouse of a member or former member of the uniformed services if the individual is the same-sex surviving spouse of any member of the uniformed services as follows: (1) A member who died while on active duty. (2) A member who was awarded the medal of honor. (3) A former member who was a veteran with a service-connected disability or com-bination of disabilities rated as 100 percent disabling under the schedule of ratings of disabilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (4) A retired member. (c) D
OCUMENTATION .—An individual seeking to be treated as a qualifying same-sex sur-viving spouse under subsection (a) shall sub-mit to the Secretary of Defense documenta-tion to establish the status of the individual under subsection (b) as the Secretary shall specify for purposes of this section. Such documentation shall include the following: (1) To establish former marital status, any one of the following: (A) A marriage certificate. (B) A certification of domestic partnership. (C) A death certificate for the member con-cerned. (D) An affidavit by a judge advocate certi-fying a common-law marriage. (E) Any other documentation the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (2) To establish identity, one of the fol-lowing: (A) An identification card issued by the Federal Government. (B) A driver’s license issued by a State. (C) A birth certificate. (D) Any other documentation the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on extent of the inclusion by the Department of De-fense of same-sex spouses and same-sex wid-ows and widowers in the benefits provided by the Department to spouses and surviving spouses in their status as current or former military dependents (as applicable). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall set forth the following: (A) The number of same-sex spouses, wid-ows, and widowers who are eligible for bene-fits described in paragraph (3) as current or former military dependents. (B) The number of individuals described in subparagraph (A) who are receiving benefits for which they are eligible. (C) An analysis, including a complete file review of a representative sample of military personnel files, identifying policy or proce-dural barriers that prevent same-sex mili-tary spouses, widows, and widowers from re-ceiving benefits as current or former mili-tary dependents. (D) An evaluation of the compliance by Army Human Resources Command with the requirements of subsection (a). (E) An evaluation of the compliance by Army Human Resources Command with poli-cies in place before the date of the enact-ment of this Act with respect to the equi-table treatment of same-sex spouses, widows, and widowers in eligibility for benefits as current or former military dependents. (F) Recommendations for actions to cor-rect any noncompliance identified pursuant to subparagraphs (D) and (E). (G) Recommendations for actions to ensure that individuals described in subparagraph (A) who were inappropriately denied benefits described in paragraph (3) are notified and assisted in receiving such benefits. (H) Any other matters the Comptroller General considers appropriate. (3) BENEFITS .—The benefits described in this paragraph are as follows: (A) Commissary, exchange and morale, welfare and recreation privileges and bene-fits. (B) Health care, including medical, dental, and pharmacy services. (C) Education benefits. (D) Life Insurance. (E) On-installation housing. 
SA 4336. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1059. PROHIBITION ON USE BY EDU-CATIONAL INSTITUTIONS OF REVE-NUES DERIVED FROM EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE FURNISHED UNDER LAWS ADMINISTERED BY SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ADVER-TISING, MARKETING, OR RECRUIT-ING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As a condition on the re-ceipt of Department of Defense educational assistance funds, an institution of higher education, or other postsecondary edu-cational institution, may not use revenues derived from Department of Defense edu-cational assistance funds for advertising, re-cruiting, or marketing activities described in subsection (b). (b) C
OVERED ACTIVITIES .—Except as pro-vided in subsection (c), the advertising, re-cruiting, and marketing activities subject to subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Advertising and promotion activities, including paid announcements in news-papers, magazines, radio, television, bill-boards, electronic media, naming rights, or any other public medium of communication, including paying for displays or promotions at job fairs, military installations, or college recruiting events. (2) Efforts to identify and attract prospec-tive students, either directly or through a contractor or other third party, including contact concerning a prospective student’s potential enrollment or application for grant, loan, or work assistance under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.) or participation in preadmission or advising activities, includ-ing— (A) paying employees responsible for over-seeing enrollment and for contacting poten-tial students in-person, by phone, by email, or by other internet communications regard-ing enrollment; and (B) soliciting an individual to provide con-tact information to an institution of higher education, including Internet websites estab-lished for such purpose and funds paid to third parties for such purpose. (3) Such other activities as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, including paying for promotion or sponsorship of education or military-related associations. (c) EXCEPTIONS .—Any activity that is re-quired as a condition of receipt of funds by an institution under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.), is specifically authorized under such title, or is otherwise specified by the Secretary of Education, shall not be considered to be a covered activity under subsection (b). (d) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATIONAL  A
SSISTANCE FUNDS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Department of Defense edu-cational assistance funds’’ means funds pro-vided directly to an institution or to a stu-dent attending such institution under any of the following provisions of law: (1) Chapter 101, 105, 106A, 1606, 1607, or 1608 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Section 1784a, 2005, or 2007 of such title. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as a limita-tion on the use by an institution of revenues derived from sources other than Department of Defense educational assistance funds. (f) R
EPORTS .—As a condition on the receipt of Department of Defense educational assist-ance funds, each institution of higher edu-cation, or other postsecondary educational institution, that derives revenues from De-partment of Defense educational assistance funds shall submit to the Secretary of De-fense and to Congress each year a report that includes the following: (1) The institution’s expenditures on adver-tising, marketing, and recruiting. (2) A verification from an independent auditor that the institution is in compliance with the requirements of this subsection. (3) A certification from the institution that the institution is in compliance with the requirements of this subsection. 
SA 4337. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle J—Fair Chance Act 
SEC. 1097. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Chance to Compete for Jobs Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘Fair Chance Act’’. 
SEC. 1098. PROHIBITION ON CRIMINAL HISTORY INQUIRIES PRIOR TO CONDITIONAL OFFER FOR FEDERAL EMPLOYMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart H of part III of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 92—PROHIBITION ON CRIMI-NAL HISTORY INQUIRIES PRIOR TO CONDITIONAL OFFER ‘‘Sec. ‘‘9201. Definitions. ‘‘9202. Limitations on requests for criminal history record information. ‘‘9203. Agency policies; whistleblower com-plaint procedures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.057 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3337 May 26, 2016 
‘‘9204. Adverse action. ‘‘9205. Procedures. ‘‘9206. Rules of construction. ‘‘§ 9201. Definitions ‘‘In this chapter— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’ means ‘Executive agency’ as such term is defined in section 105 and includes— ‘‘(A) the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission; and ‘‘(B) the Executive Office of the President; ‘‘(2) the term ‘appointing authority’ means an employee in the executive branch of the Government of the United States that has authority to make appointments to positions in the civil service; ‘‘(3) the term ‘conditional offer’ means an offer of employment in a position in the civil service that is conditioned upon the results of a criminal history inquiry; ‘‘(4) the term ‘criminal history record in-formation’— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 9101(a); ‘‘(B) includes any information described in the first sentence of section 9101(a)(2) that has been sealed or expunged pursuant to law, regardless of whether the information is ac-cessible by State and local criminal justice agencies for the purpose of conducting back-ground checks; and ‘‘(C) includes information collected by a criminal justice agency, relating to an act or alleged act of juvenile delinquency, that is analogous to criminal history record infor-mation (including such information that has been sealed or expunged pursuant to law); and ‘‘(5) the term ‘suspension’ has the meaning given the term in section 7501. ‘‘§ 9202. Limitations on requests for criminal history record information ‘‘(a) I
NQUIRIES PRIOR TO CONDITIONAL  O
FFER .—Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), an employee of an agency may not request, in oral or written form (includ-ing through the Declaration for Federal Em-ployment (Office of Personnel Management Optional Form 306), or any similar successor form), including through the USAJOBS Internet Web site or any other electronic means, that an applicant for an appointment to a position in the civil service disclose criminal history record information regard-ing the applicant before the appointing au-thority extends a conditional offer to the ap-plicant. ‘‘(b) O
THERWISE REQUIRED BY LAW.—The prohibition under subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to an applicant for a posi-tion in the civil service if consideration of criminal history record information prior to a conditional offer with respect to the posi-tion is otherwise required by law. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN POSITIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The prohibition under subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to an applicant for an appointment to a posi-tion— ‘‘(A) that requires a determination of eligi-bility described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of section 9101(b)(1)(A); ‘‘(B) as a Federal law enforcement officer (as defined in section 115(c) of title 18); or ‘‘(C) identified by the Director of the Office of Personnel Management in the regulations issued under paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
SSUANCE .—The Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall issue regula-tions identifying additional positions with respect to which the prohibition under sub-section (a) shall not apply, giving due consid-eration to positions that involve interaction with minors, access to sensitive information, or managing financial transactions. ‘‘(B) COMPLIANCE WITH CIVIL RIGHTS LAWS .— The regulations issued under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) be consistent with, and in no way su-persede, restrict, or limit the application of title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.) or other relevant Fed-eral civil rights laws; and ‘‘(ii) ensure that all hiring activities con-ducted pursuant to the regulations are con-ducted in a manner consistent with relevant Federal civil rights laws. ‘‘§ 9203. Agency policies; complaint proce-dures ‘‘The Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall— ‘‘(1) develop, implement, and publish a pol-icy to assist employees of agencies in com-plying with section 9202 and the regulations issued pursuant to such section; and ‘‘(2) establish and publish procedures under which an applicant for an appointment to a position in the civil service may submit a complaint, or any other information, relat-ing to compliance by an employee of an agency with section 9202. ‘‘§ 9204. Adverse action ‘‘(a) F
IRST VIOLATION .—If the Director of the Office of Personnel Management deter-mines, after notice and an opportunity for a hearing on the record, that an employee of an agency has violated section 9202, the Di-rector shall— ‘‘(1) issue to the employee a written warn-ing that includes a description of the viola-tion and the additional penalties that may apply for subsequent violations; and ‘‘(2) file such warning in the employee’s of-ficial personnel record file. ‘‘(b) S
UBSEQUENT VIOLATIONS .—If the Direc-tor of the Office of Personnel Management determines, after notice and an opportunity for a hearing on the record, that an em-ployee that was subject to subsection (a) has committed a subsequent violation of section 9202, the Director may take the following ac-tion: ‘‘(1) For a second violation, suspension of the employee for a period of not more than 7 days. ‘‘(2) For a third violation, suspension of the employee for a period of more than 7 days. ‘‘(3) For a fourth violation— ‘‘(A) suspension of the employee for a pe-riod of more than 7 days; and ‘‘(B) a civil penalty against the employee in an amount that is not more than $250. ‘‘(4) For a fifth violation— ‘‘(A) suspension of the employee for a pe-riod of more than 7 days; and ‘‘(B) a civil penalty against the employee in an amount that is not more than $500. ‘‘(5) For any subsequent violation— ‘‘(A) suspension of the employee for a pe-riod of more than 7 days; and ‘‘(B) a civil penalty against the employee in an amount that is not more than $1,000. ‘‘§ 9205. Procedures ‘‘(a) A
PPEALS .—The Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall by rule es-tablish procedures providing for an appeal from any adverse action taken under section 9204 by not later than 30 days after the date of the action. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER LAWS.—An adverse action taken under section 9204 (in-cluding a determination in an appeal from such an action under subsection (a) of this section) shall not be subject to— ‘‘(1) the procedures under chapter 75; or ‘‘(2) except as provided in subsection (a) of this section, appeal or judicial review. ‘‘§ 9206. Rules of construction ‘‘Nothing in this chapter may be construed to— ‘‘(1) authorize any officer or employee of an agency to request the disclosure of infor-mation described under subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 9201(4); ‘‘(2) create a private right of action for any person; or ‘‘(3) prohibit an agency from procuring a consumer report (as defined in section 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a)) furnished by a consumer reporting agency (as defined in such section 603) in ac-cordance with that Act.’’. (b) REGULATIONS ; EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment shall issue such regulations as are nec-essary to carry out chapter 92 of title 5, United States Code (as added by this sub-title). (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Section 9202 of title 5, United States Code (as added by this sub-title), shall take effect on the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for part III of title 5, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to chapter 91 the following: ‘‘92. Prohibition on criminal history inquiries prior to conditional offer............................................. 9201’’. (d) A
PPLICATION TO LEGISLATIVE BRANCH .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Congressional Ac-countability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 102(a) (2 U.S.C. 1302(a)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) Section 9202 of title 5, United States Code.’’; (B) by redesignating section 207 (2 U.S.C. 1317) as section 208; and (C) by inserting after section 206 (2 U.S.C. 1316) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 207. RIGHTS AND PROTECTIONS RELATING TO CRIMINAL HISTORY INQUIRIES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘agency’, ‘criminal history record in-formation’, and ‘suspension’ have the mean-ings given the terms in section 9201 of title 5, United States Code, except as otherwise modified by this section. ‘‘(b) R
ESTRICTIONS ON CRIMINAL HISTORY IN-
QUIRIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), an employee of an employ-ing office may not request that an applicant for employment as a covered employee dis-close criminal history record information if the request would be prohibited under sec-tion 9202 of title 5, United States Code, if made by an employee of an agency. ‘‘(B) C
ONDITIONAL OFFER .—For purposes of applying that section 9202 under subpara-graph (A), a reference in that section 9202 to a conditional offer shall be considered to be an offer of employment as a covered em-ployee that is conditioned upon the results of a criminal history inquiry. ‘‘(2) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—The provi-sions of section 9206 of title 5, United States Code, shall apply to employing offices, con-sistent with regulations issued under sub-section (d). ‘‘(c) R
EMEDY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The remedy for a viola-tion of subsection (b)(1) shall be such remedy as would be appropriate if awarded under section 9204 of title 5, United States Code, if the violation had been committed by an em-ployee of an agency, consistent with regula-tions issued under subsection (d), except that the reference in that section to a suspension shall be considered to be a suspension with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.058 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3338 May 26, 2016 
the level of compensation provided for a cov-ered employee who is taking unpaid leave under section 202. ‘‘(2) P
ROCESS FOR OBTAINING RELIEF .—An applicant for employment as a covered em-ployee who alleges a violation of subsection (b)(1) may rely on the provisions of title IV (other than sections 404(2), 407, and 408), con-sistent with regulations issued under sub-section (d). ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS TOIMPLEMENT SEC-
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Fair Chance to Compete for Jobs Act of 2016, the Board shall, pursuant to section 304, issue regulations to implement this section. ‘‘(2) P
ARALLEL WITH AGENCY REGULATIONS .— The regulations issued under paragraph (1) shall be the same as substantive regulations issued by the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management under section 1098(b)(1) of the Fair Chance to Compete for Jobs Act of 2016 to implement the statutory provi-sions referred to in subsections (a) through (c) except to the extent that the Board may determine, for good cause shown and stated together with the regulation, that a modi-fication of such regulations would be more effective for the implementation of the rights and protections under this section. ‘‘(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 102(a)(12) and subsections (a) through (c) shall take ef-fect on the date on which section 9202 of title 5, United States Code, applies with respect to agencies.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of such Act is amended— (A) by redesignating the item relating to section 207 as the item relating to section 208; and (B) by inserting after the item relating to section 206 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 207. Rights and protections relating to criminal history inquiries.’’. (e) A
PPLICATION TO JUDICIAL BRANCH .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 604 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) R
ESTRICTIONS ON CRIMINAL HISTORY IN-
QUIRIES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the terms ‘agency’ and ‘criminal his-tory record information’ have the meanings given those terms in section 9201 of title 5; ‘‘(B) the term ‘covered employee’ means an employee of the judicial branch of the United States Government, other than— ‘‘(i) any judge or justice who is entitled to hold office during good behavior; ‘‘(ii) a United States magistrate judge; or ‘‘(iii) a bankruptcy judge; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘employing office’ means any office or entity of the judicial branch of the United States Government that employs cov-ered employees. ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTION .—A covered employee may not request that an applicant for em-ployment as a covered employee disclose criminal history record information if the request would be prohibited under section 9202 of title 5 if made by an employee of an agency. ‘‘(3) E
MPLOYING OFFICE POLICIES ; COMPLAINT  
PROCEDURE .—The provisions of sections 9203 and 9206 of title 5 shall apply to employing offices and to applicants for employment as covered employees, consistent with regula-tions issued by the Director to implement this subsection. ‘‘(4) A
DVERSE ACTION .— ‘‘(A) A
DVERSE ACTION .—The Director may take such adverse action with respect to a covered employee who violates paragraph (2) as would be appropriate under section 9204 of title 5 if the violation had been committed by an employee of an agency. ‘‘(B) APPEALS .—The Director shall by rule establish procedures providing for an appeal from any adverse action taken under sub-paragraph (A) by not later than 30 days after the date of the action. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER LAWS .—Ex- cept as provided in subparagraph (B), an ad-verse action taken under subparagraph (A) (including a determination in an appeal from such an action under subparagraph (B)) shall not be subject to appeal or judicial review. ‘‘(5) R
EGULATIONS TO BE ISSUED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Fair Chance to Compete for Jobs Act of 2016, the Director shall issue regulations to imple-ment this subsection. ‘‘(B) P
ARALLEL WITH AGENCY REGULA -
TIONS .—The regulations issued under sub-paragraph (A) shall be the same as sub-stantive regulations promulgated by the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment under section 1098(b)(1) of the Fair Chance to Compete for Jobs Act of 2016 ex-cept to the extent that the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts may determine, for good cause shown and stated together with the regulation, that a modification of such regulations would be more effective for the implementation of the rights and protections under this subsection. ‘‘(6) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Paragraphs (1) through (4) shall take effect on the date on which section 9202 of title 5 applies with re-spect to agencies.’’. 
SEC. 1099. PROHIBITION ON CRIMINAL HISTORY INQUIRIES BY CONTRACTORS PRIOR TO CONDITIONAL OFFER. 
(a) C IVILIAN AGENCY CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 47 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 4713. Prohibition on criminal history in-quiries by contractors prior to conditional offer ‘‘(a) L
IMITATION ON CRIMINAL HISTORY IN-
QUIRIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), an executive agency— ‘‘(A) may not require that an individual or sole proprietor who submits a bid or com-petitive proposal for a contract to disclose criminal history record information regard-ing that individual or sole proprietor before determining the apparent awardee; and ‘‘(B) shall require, as a condition of receiv-ing a Federal contract and receiving pay-ments under such contract that the con-tractor may not verbally, or through written form, request the disclosure of criminal his-tory record information regarding an appli-cant for a position related to work under such contract before the contractor extends a conditional offer to the applicant. ‘‘(2) O
THERWISE REQUIRED BY LAW .—The prohibition under paragraph (1) does not apply with respect to a contract if consider-ation of criminal history record information prior to a conditional offer with respect to the position is otherwise required by law. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN POSITIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The prohibition under paragraph (1) does not apply with respect to— ‘‘(i) a contract that requires an individual hired under the contract to access classified information or to have sensitive law enforce-ment or national security duties; or ‘‘(ii) a position that the Administrator of General Services identifies under the regula-tions issued under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
SSUANCE .—Not later than 16 months after the date of enactment of the Fair Chance to Compete for Jobs Act of 2016, the Administrator of General Services, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall issue regulations identifying additional positions with respect to which the prohibi-tion under paragraph (1) shall not apply, giv-ing due consideration to positions that in-volve interaction with minors, access to sen-sitive information, or managing financial transactions. ‘‘(ii) COMPLIANCE WITH CIVIL RIGHTS LAWS .— The regulations issued under clause (i) shall— ‘‘(I) be consistent with, and in no way su-persede, restrict, or limit the application of title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.) or other relevant Fed-eral civil rights laws; and ‘‘(II) ensure that all hiring activities con-ducted pursuant to the regulations are con-ducted in a manner consistent with relevant Federal civil rights laws. ‘‘(b) C
OMPLAINT PROCEDURES .—The Admin-istrator of General Services shall establish and publish procedures under which an appli-cant for a position with a Federal contractor may submit to the Administrator a com-plaint, or any other information, relating to compliance by the contractor with sub-section (a)(1)(B). ‘‘(c) A
CTION FOR VIOLATIONS OF PROHIBITION  
ONCRIMINAL HISTORY INQUIRIES .— ‘‘(1) F
IRST VIOLATION .—If the head of an ex-ecutive agency determines that a contractor has violated subsection (a)(1)(B), such head shall— ‘‘(A) notify the contractor; ‘‘(B) provide 30 days after such notification for the contractor to appeal the determina-tion; and ‘‘(C) issue a written warning to the con-tractor that includes a description of the violation and the additional remedies that may apply for subsequent violations. ‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT VIOLATION .—If the head of an executive agency determines that a con-tractor that was subject to paragraph (1) has committed a subsequent violation of sub-section (a)(1)(B), such head shall notify the contractor, shall provide 30 days after such notification for the contractor to appeal the determination, and, in consultation with the relevant Federal agencies, may take actions, depending on the severity of the infraction and the contractor’s history of violations, including— ‘‘(A) providing written guidance to the contractor that the contractor’s eligibility for contracts requires compliance with this section; ‘‘(B) requiring that the contractor respond within 30 days affirming that the contractor is taking steps to comply with this section; and ‘‘(C) suspending payment under the con-tract for which the applicant was being con-sidered until the contractor demonstrates compliance with this section. ‘‘(d) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to— ‘‘(1) prohibit an executive agency from pro-curing a consumer report (as defined in sec-tion 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a)) furnished by a consumer re-porting agency (as defined in such section 603) in accordance with that Act; or ‘‘(2) authorize an executive agency to pro-hibit a contractor, as a condition of receiv-ing a Federal contract and receiving pay-ments under such contract, from procuring a consumer report (as defined in section 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a)) furnished by a consumer reporting agency (as defined in such section 603) in ac-cordance with that Act. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
ONDITIONAL OFFER .—The term ‘condi-tional offer’ means an offer of employment for a position related to work under a con-tract that is conditioned upon the results of a criminal history inquiry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.058 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3339 May 26, 2016 
‘‘(2) C RIMINAL HISTORY RECORD INFORMA -
TION.—The term ‘criminal history record in-formation’ has the meaning given that term in section 9201 of title 5.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections of chapter 47 of such title is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 4712 the following new item: ‘‘4713. Prohibition on criminal history in-quiries by contractors prior to conditional offer.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Section 4713(a) of title 41, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), shall apply with respect to contracts awarded pursuant to solicitations issued after the effective date described in section 1098(b)(2) of this subtitle. (b) D
EFENSE CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2338. Prohibition on criminal history in-quiries by contractors prior to conditional offer ‘‘(a) L
IMITATION ON CRIMINAL HISTORY IN-
QUIRIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), the head of an agen-cy— ‘‘(A) may not require that an individual or sole proprietor who submits a bid or com-petitive proposal for a contract to disclose criminal history record information regard-ing that individual or sole proprietor before determining the apparent awardee; and ‘‘(B) shall require as a condition of receiv-ing a Federal contract and receiving pay-ments under such contract that the con-tractor may not verbally or through written form request the disclosure of criminal his-tory record information regarding an appli-cant for a position related to work under such contract before such contractor extends a conditional offer to the applicant. ‘‘(2) O
THERWISE REQUIRED BY LAW .—The prohibition under paragraph (1) does not apply with respect to a contract if consider-ation of criminal history record information prior to a conditional offer with respect to the position is otherwise required by law. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN POSITIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The prohibition under paragraph (1) does not apply with respect to— ‘‘(i) a contract that requires an individual hired under the contract to access classified information or to have sensitive law enforce-ment or national security duties; or ‘‘(ii) a position that the Secretary of De-fense identifies under the regulations issued under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
SSUANCE .—Not later than 16 months after the date of enactment of the Fair Chance to Compete for Jobs Act of 2016, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Administrator of General Services, shall issue regulations identifying additional posi-tions with respect to which the prohibition under paragraph (1) shall not apply, giving due consideration to positions that involve interaction with minors, access to sensitive information, or managing financial trans-actions. ‘‘(ii) C
OMPLIANCE WITH CIVIL RIGHTS LAWS .— The regulations issued under clause (i) shall— ‘‘(I) be consistent with, and in no way su-persede, restrict, or limit the application of title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.) or other relevant Fed-eral civil rights laws; and ‘‘(II) ensure that all hiring activities con-ducted pursuant to the regulations are con-ducted in a manner consistent with relevant Federal civil rights laws. ‘‘(b) C
OMPLAINT PROCEDURES .—The Sec-retary of Defense shall establish and publish procedures under which an applicant for a position with a Department of Defense con-tractor may submit a complaint, or any other information, relating to compliance by the contractor with subsection (a)(1)(B). ‘‘(c) ACTION FOR VIOLATIONS OF PROHIBITION  
ONCRIMINAL HISTORY INQUIRIES .— ‘‘(1) F
IRST VIOLATION .—If the Secretary of Defense determines that a contractor has violated subsection (a)(1)(B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) notify the contractor; ‘‘(B) provide 30 days after such notification for the contractor to appeal the determina-tion; and ‘‘(C) issue a written warning to the con-tractor that includes a description of the violation and the additional remedies that may apply for subsequent violations. ‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT VIOLATIONS .—If the Sec-retary of Defense determines that a con-tractor that was subject to paragraph (1) has committed a subsequent violation of sub-section (a)(1)(B), the Secretary shall notify the contractor, shall provide 30 days after such notification for the contractor to ap-peal the determination, and, in consultation with the relevant Federal agencies, may take actions, depending on the severity of the infraction and the contractor’s history of violations, including— ‘‘(A) providing written guidance to the contractor that the contractor’s eligibility for contracts requires compliance with this section; ‘‘(B) requiring that the contractor respond within 30 days affirming that the contractor is taking steps to comply with this section; and ‘‘(C) suspending payment under the con-tract for which the applicant was being con-sidered until the contractor demonstrates compliance with this section. ‘‘(d) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to— ‘‘(1) prohibit an agency from procuring a consumer report (as defined in section 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a)) furnished by a consumer reporting agency (as defined in such section 603) in ac-cordance with that Act; or ‘‘(2) authorize an agency to prohibit a con-tractor, as a condition of receiving a Federal contract and receiving payments under such contract, from procuring a consumer report (as defined in section 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a)) furnished by a consumer reporting agency (as defined in such section 603) in accordance with that Act. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
ONDITIONAL OFFER .—The term ‘condi-tional offer’ means an offer of employment for a position related to work under a con-tract that is conditioned upon the results of a criminal history inquiry. ‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL HISTORY RECORD INFORMA -
TION.—The term ‘criminal history record in-formation’ has the meaning given that term in section 9201 of title 5.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Section 2338(a) of title 10, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), shall apply with respect to contracts awarded pursuant to solicitations issued after the effective date described in section 1098(b)(2) of this subtitle. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2337 the following new item: ‘‘2338. Prohibition on criminal history in-quiries by contractors prior to conditional offer.’’. (c) R
EVISIONS TO FEDERAL ACQUISITION REG-
ULATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall revise the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion to implement section 4713 of title 41, United States Code, and section 2338 of title 10, United States Code, as added by this sec-tion. (2) CONSISTENCY WITH OFFICE OF PERSONNEL  
MANAGEMENT REGULATIONS .—The Federal Ac-quisition Regulatory Council shall revise the Federal Acquisition Regulation under para-graph (1) to be consistent with the regula-tions issued by the Director of the Office of Personnel Management under section 1098(b)(1) to the maximum extent prac-ticable. The Council shall include together with such revision an explanation of any substantive modification of the Office of Per-sonnel Management regulations, including an explanation of how such modification will more effectively implement the rights and protections under this section. 
SEC. 1099A. REPORT ON EMPLOYMENT OF INDI-VIDUALS FORMERLY INCARCER-ATED IN FEDERAL PRISONS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered individual’’— (1) means an individual who has completed a term of imprisonment in a Federal prison for a Federal criminal offense; and (2) does not include an alien who is or will be removed from the United States for a vio-lation of the immigration laws (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101)). (b) S
TUDY AND REPORT REQUIRED .—The Di- rector of the Bureau of Justice Statistics, in coordination with the Director of the Bureau of the Census, shall— (1) not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, design and initiate a study on the employment of covered indi-viduals after their release from Federal pris-on, including by collecting— (A) demographic data on covered individ-uals, including race, age, and sex; and (B) data on employment and earnings of covered individuals who are denied employ-ment, including the reasons for the denials; and (2) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, submit a report that does not in-clude any personally identifiable informa-tion on the study conducted under paragraph (1) to— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; and (D) the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives. 
SA 4338. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.058 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3340 May 26, 2016 
SEC. 1097. EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF VET-ERANS CHOICE PROGRAM AND ES-TABLISHMENT OF CONSISTENT CRI-TERIA AND STANDARDS RELATING TO PROVISION OF NON-DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS HEALTH CARE. 
(a) E XTENSION .—The Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amend-ed— (1) in section 101(p)(2), by striking ‘‘3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘6 years’’; and (2) in section 802(d)(1), by striking ‘‘$10,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$17,500,000,000’’. (b) E
XPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (b)(2) of sec-tion 101 of such Act is amended— (A) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (D)(ii)(II)(dd), by strik-ing the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) has received health services under the pilot program under section 403 of the Vet-erans’ Mental Health and Other Care Im-provements Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–387; 38 U.S.C. 1703 note) and resides in a location described in section (b)(2) of such section.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) I
NFORMATION ON AVAILABILITY OF  
CARE .—Subsection (g)(3) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘or (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(D), or (E)’’. (B) R
EPORT .—Subsection (q)(2)(A) of such section is amended— (i) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(v) eligible veterans described in sub-section (b)(2)(E).’’. (c) E
STABLISHMENT OF CRITERIA FOR PROVI-
SION OF SERVICES THROUGH NON-DEPARTMENT  H
EALTH CAREPROVIDERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall establish consistent criteria and standards— (A) for purposes of determining eligibility of non-Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers to provide health care under the laws administered by the Sec-retary, including standards relating to edu-cation, certification, licensure, training, and employment history; and (B) for the reimbursement of such health care providers for care or services provided under the laws administered by the Sec-retary, which to the extent practicable shall— (i) except as provided in clauses (ii) and (iii), use rates for reimbursement that are not more than the rates paid by the United States to a provider of services (as defined in section 1861(u) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(u))) under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) for the same care or services; (ii) with respect to care or services pro-vided in Alaska, use rates for reimbursement set forth in the Alaska Fee Schedule of the Department of Veterans Affairs, except for when another payment agreement, including a contract or provider agreement, is in place, in which case use rates for reimbursement set forth under such payment agreement; (iii) with respect to care or services pro-vided in a State with an All-Payer Model Agreement in effect under the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), use rates for reimbursement based on the payment rates under such agreement; (iv) incorporate the use of value-based re-imbursement models to promote the provi-sion of high-quality care to improve health outcomes and the experience of care for vet-erans; and (v) be consistent with prompt payment standards required of Federal agencies under chapter 39 of title 31, United States Code. (2) EXCEPTION .—The criteria and standards required to be established under paragraph (1) shall not apply to hospital care and med-ical services furnished under section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note). (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORT .—Not less fre-quently than quarterly until all amounts de-posited in the Veterans Choice Fund under section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) are exhausted, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives an update on the expenditures made from such Fund to carry out section 101 of such Act during the quarter covered by the report. (e) E
MERGENCY DESIGNATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) are designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 4(g) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(g)). (2) D
ESIGNATION IN SENATE .—In the Senate, the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) are designated as an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 403(a) of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2010. 
SA 4339. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division B, add the following: TITLE XXX—FEDERAL PROPERTY MANAGEMENT REFORM 
SEC. 2951. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Property Management Reform Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2952. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this title is to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of the Federal Government in managing property of the Federal Government by— (1) requiring the United States Postal Service to take appropriate measures to bet-ter manage and account for property and modernize the Postal fleet; (2) providing for increased collocation with Postal Service facilities and guidance on Postal Service leasing practices; (3) establishing a Federal Property Council to develop guidance on and ensure the imple-mentation of strategies for better managing Federal property; (4) providing incentives to agencies to dis-pose of excess property through retention of proceeds; and (5) providing guidance for surplus property donations to museums. 
SEC. 2953. PROPERTY MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of subtitle I of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subchapter VII—Property Management ‘‘§ 621. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator of General Services. ‘‘(2) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘Council’ means the Federal Property Council established by section 623(a). ‘‘(3) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(4) D
ISPOSAL .—The term ‘disposal’ means any action that constitutes the removal of any property from the inventory of the Fed-eral agency, including sale, transfer, deed, demolition, donation, or exchange. ‘‘(5) F
EDERAL AGENCY .—The term ‘Federal agency’ means— ‘‘(A) an executive department or inde-pendent establishment in the executive branch of the Government; or ‘‘(B) a wholly owned Government corpora-tion (other than the United States Postal Service). ‘‘(6) F
IELD OFFICE .—The term ‘field office’ means any office of a Federal agency that is not the headquarters office location for the Federal agency. ‘‘(7) P
OSTAL PROPERTY .—The term ‘postal property’ means any property owned or leased by the United States Postal Service. ‘‘(8) P
UBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘public-private partnership’ means any partnership or working relationship between a Federal agency and a corporation, indi-vidual, or nonprofit organization for the pur-pose of financing, constructing, operating, managing, or maintaining 1 or more Federal real property assets. ‘‘(9) U
NDERUTILIZED PROPERTY .—The term ‘underutilized property’ means a portion or the entirety of any real property, including any improvements, that is used— ‘‘(A) irregularly or intermittently by the accountable Federal agency for program pur-poses of the Federal agency; or ‘‘(B) for program purposes that can be sat-isfied only with a portion of the property. ‘‘§ 622. Collocation among United States Post-al Service properties ‘‘(a) I
DENTIFICATION OF POSTAL PROP-
ERTY .—Each year, the Postmaster General shall— ‘‘(1) identify a list of postal properties with space available for use by Federal agencies; and ‘‘(2) not later than September 30, submit the list to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. ‘‘(b) V
OLUNTARY IDENTIFICATION OF POSTAL  P
ROPERTY .—Each year, the Postmaster Gen-eral may submit the list under subsection (a) to the Council. ‘‘(c) S
UBMISSION OF LIST OF POSTAL PROP-
ERTIES TO FEDERAL AGENCIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of a list under sub-section (a), the Council shall provide the list to each Federal agency. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW BY FEDERAL AGENCIES .—Not later than 90 days after the receipt of the list submitted under paragraph (1), each Federal agency shall— ‘‘(A) review the list; ‘‘(B) review properties under the control of the Federal agency; and ‘‘(C) recommend collocations if appro-priate. ‘‘(d) T
ERMS OF COLLOCATION .—On approval of the recommendations under subsection (c) by the Postmaster General and the applica-ble agency head, the Federal agency or ap-propriate landholding entity may work with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.060 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3341 May 26, 2016 
the Postmaster General to establish appro-priate terms of a lease for each postal prop-erty. ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section exceeds, modifies, or supplants any other Federal law relating to any com-petitive bidding process governing the leas-ing of postal property. ‘‘§ 623. Establishment of a Federal Property Council ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Federal Property Council. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Council shall be— ‘‘(1) to develop guidance and ensure imple-mentation of an efficient and effective prop-erty management strategy; ‘‘(2) to identify opportunities for the Fed-eral Government to better manage property and assets of the Federal Government; and ‘‘(3) to reduce the costs of managing prop-erty of the Federal Government, including operations, maintenance, and security asso-ciated with Federal property. ‘‘(c) C
OMPOSITION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Council shall be composed exclusively of— ‘‘(A) the senior real property officers of each Federal agency and the Postal Service; ‘‘(B) the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(C) the Controller of the Office of Man-agement and Budget; ‘‘(D) the Administrator; and ‘‘(E) any other full-time or permanent part-time Federal officials or employees, as the Chairperson determines to be necessary. ‘‘(2) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget shall serve as Chairperson of the Council. ‘‘(3) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairperson shall designate an Executive Director to assist in carrying out the duties of the Council. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFICATIONS ; FULL -TIME.—The Ex- ecutive Director shall— ‘‘(i) be appointed from among individuals who have substantial experience in the areas of commercial real estate and development, real property management, and Federal op-erations and management; ‘‘(ii) serve full time; and ‘‘(iii) hold no outside employment that may conflict with duties inherent to the po-sition. ‘‘(d) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Council shall meet subject to the call of the Chairperson. ‘‘(2) M
INIMUM .—The Council shall meet not fewer than 4 times each year. ‘‘(e) D
UTIES .—The Council, in consultation with the Director and the Administrator, shall— ‘‘(1) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subchapter, establish a property management plan template, to be updated annually, which shall include per-formance measures, specific milestones, measurable savings, strategies, and Govern-ment-wide goals based on the goals estab-lished under section 524(a)(7) to reduce sur-plus property, to achieve better utilization of underutilized property, or to enhance management of high value personal prop-erty, and evaluation criteria to determine the effectiveness of property management that are designed— ‘‘(A) to enable Congress and heads of Fed-eral agencies to track progress in the achievement of property management objec-tives on a Government-wide basis; ‘‘(B) to improve the management of real property; and ‘‘(C) to allow for comparison of the per-formance of Federal agencies against indus-try and other public sector agencies in terms of performance; ‘‘(2) develop utilization rates consistent throughout each category of space, consid-ering the diverse nature of the Federal port-folio and consistent with nongovernmental space use rates; ‘‘(3) develop a strategy to reduce the reli-ance of Federal agencies on leased space for long-term needs if ownership would be less costly; ‘‘(4) provide guidance on eliminating ineffi-ciencies in the Federal leasing process; ‘‘(5) compile a list of field offices that are suitable for collocation with other property assets; ‘‘(6) research best practices regarding the use of public-private partnerships to manage properties and develop guidelines for the use of those partnerships in the management of Federal property; ‘‘(7) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subchapter— ‘‘(A) examine the disposal of surplus prop-erty through the State Agencies for Surplus Property program; and ‘‘(B) issue a report that includes rec-ommendations on how the program could be improved to ensure accountability and in-crease efficiencies in the property disposal process; and ‘‘(8) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subchapter and annually during the 4-year period beginning on the date that is 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this subchapter and ending on the date that is 5 years after the date of enact-ment of this subchapter, the Council shall submit to the Director a report that con-tains— ‘‘(A) a list of the remaining excess prop-erty or surplus property that is real prop-erty, and underutilized properties of each Federal agency; ‘‘(B) the progress of the Council toward de-veloping guidance for Federal agencies to en-sure that the assessment required under sec-tion 524(a)(11)(B) is carried out in a uniform manner; ‘‘(C) the progress of Federal agencies to-ward achieving the goals established under section 524(a)(7); and ‘‘(D) if necessary, recommendations for legislation or statutory reforms that would further the goals of the Council, including streamlining the disposal of excess real or personal property or underutilized property. ‘‘(f) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out the duties described in subsection (e), the Coun-cil shall also consult with representatives of— ‘‘(1) State, local, tribal authorities, and af-fected communities; and ‘‘(2) appropriate private sector entities and nongovernmental organizations that have expertise in areas of— ‘‘(A) commercial real estate and develop-ment; ‘‘(B) government management and oper-ations; ‘‘(C) space planning; ‘‘(D) community development, including transportation and planning; ‘‘(E) historic preservation; ‘‘(F) providing housing to the homeless population; and ‘‘(G) personal property management. ‘‘(g) C
OUNCIL RESOURCES .—The Director and the Administrator shall provide staffing, and administrative support for the Council, as appropriate. ‘‘(h) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Council shall make available, on request, all infor-mation generated by the Council in per-forming the duties of the Council to— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(2) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; ‘‘(3) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; ‘‘(4) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; and ‘‘(5) the Comptroller General of the United States. ‘‘(i) EXCLUSIONS .—In this section, surplus property shall not include— ‘‘(1) any military installation (as defined in section 2910 of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note; Public Law 101–510)); ‘‘(2) any property that is excepted from the definition of the term ‘property’ under sec-tion 102; ‘‘(3) Indian and native Eskimo property held in trust by the Federal Government as described in section 3301(a)(5)(C)(iii); ‘‘(4) real property operated and maintained by the Tennessee Valley Authority pursuant to the Tennessee Valley Authority Act of 1933 (16 U.S.C. 831 et seq.); ‘‘(5) any real property the Director ex-cludes for reasons of national security; ‘‘(6) any public lands (as defined in section 203 of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 1722)) administered by— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the Interior, acting through— ‘‘(i) the Director of the Bureau of Land Management; ‘‘(ii) the Director of the National Park Service; ‘‘(iii) the Commissioner of Reclamation; or ‘‘(iv) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; or ‘‘(B) the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service; or ‘‘(7) any property operated and maintained by the United States Postal Service. ‘‘§ 624. Inventory and database ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-chapter, the Administrator shall establish and maintain a single, comprehensive, and descriptive database of all real property under the custody and control of all Federal agencies. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—The database shall in-clude— ‘‘(1) information provided to the Adminis-trator under section 524(a)(11)(B); and ‘‘(2) a list of property disposals completed, including— ‘‘(A) the date and disposal method used for each property; ‘‘(B) the proceeds obtained from the dis-posal of each property; ‘‘(C) the amount of time required to dis-pose of the property, including the date on which the property is designated as excess property; ‘‘(D) the date on which the property is des-ignated as surplus property and the date on which the property is disposed; and ‘‘(E) all costs associated with the disposal. ‘‘(c) A
CCESSIBILITY .— ‘‘(1) C
OMMITTEES .—The database estab-lished under subsection (a) shall be made available on request to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) G
ENERAL PUBLIC .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this sub-chapter and to the extent consistent with national security, the Administrator shall make the database established under sub-section (a) accessible to the public at no cost through the website of the General Services Administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.060 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3342 May 26, 2016 
‘‘(d) E XCLUSIONS .—In this section, surplus property shall not include— ‘‘(1) any military installation (as defined in section 2910 of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note; Public Law 101–510)); ‘‘(2) any property that is excepted from the definition of the term ‘property’ under sec-tion 102; ‘‘(3) Indian and native Eskimo property held in trust by the Federal Government as described in section 3301(a)(5)(C)(iii); ‘‘(4) real property operated and maintained by the Tennessee Valley Authority pursuant to the Tennessee Valley Authority Act of 1933 (16 U.S.C. 831 et seq.); ‘‘(5) any real property the Director ex-cludes for reasons of national security; ‘‘(6) any public lands (as defined in section 203 of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 1722)) administered by— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the Interior, acting through— ‘‘(i) the Director of the Bureau of Land Management; ‘‘(ii) the Director of the National Park Service; ‘‘(iii) the Commissioner of Reclamation; or ‘‘(iv) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; or ‘‘(B) the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service; or ‘‘(7) any property operated and maintained by the United States Postal Service. ‘‘§ 625. Information on certain leasing au-thorities ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), not later than December 31 of each year following the date of enactment of this subchapter, a Federal agency with inde-pendent leasing authority shall submit to the Council a list of all leases, including op-erating leases, in effect on the date of enact-ment of this subchapter that includes— ‘‘(1) the date on which each lease was exe-cuted; ‘‘(2) the date on which each lease will ex-pire; ‘‘(3) a description of the size of the space; ‘‘(4) the location of the property; ‘‘(5) the tenant agency; ‘‘(6) the total annual rental payment; and ‘‘(7) the amount of the net present value of the total estimated legal obligations of the Federal Government over the life of the con-tract. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to— ‘‘(1) the United States Postal Service; or ‘‘(2) any other property the President ex-cludes from subsection (a) for reasons of na-tional security.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 5 of subtitle I of title 40, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 611 the fol-lowing: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER VII —PROPERTY MANAGEMENT  ‘‘Sec. 621. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 622. Collocation among United States Postal Service properties. ‘‘Sec. 623. Establishment of a Federal Prop-erty Council. ‘‘Sec. 624. Inventory and database. ‘‘Sec. 625. Information on certain leasing au-thorities.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 102 of title 40, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by strik-ing ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subchapters VII and VIII of chapter 5 of this title, the’’. 
SEC. 2954. UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE PROPERTY MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of subtitle I of title 40, United States Code, as amended by section 2953, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subchapter VIII—United States Postal Service Property Management ‘‘§ 641. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) EXCESS PROPERTY .—The term ‘excess property’ means any postal property that the Postal Service determines is not required to meet the needs or responsibilities of the Postal Service. ‘‘(2) P
OSTAL PROPERTY .—The term ‘postal property’ means any property owned or leased by, or under the control of, the Postal Service. ‘‘(3) P
OSTAL SERVICE .—The term ‘Postal Service’ means the United States Postal Service. ‘‘(4) U
NDERUTILIZED PROPERTY .—The term ‘underutilized property’ means a portion or the entirety of any real property, including any improvements, that is used— ‘‘(A) irregularly or intermittently by the Postal Service for program purposes of the Postal Service; or ‘‘(B) for program purposes that can be sat-isfied only with a portion of the property. ‘‘§ 642. United States Postal Service property management ‘‘The Postal Service— ‘‘(1) shall maintain adequate inventory controls and accountability systems for postal property; ‘‘(2) shall develop current and future work-force projections so as to have the capacity to assess the needs of the Postal Service workforce regarding the use of property; ‘‘(3) may develop a 5-year management template that— ‘‘(A) establishes goals and policies that will lead to the reduction of excess property and underutilized property in the inventory of the Postal Service; ‘‘(B) adopts workplace practices, configu-rations, and management techniques that can achieve increased levels of productivity and decrease the need for real property as-sets; ‘‘(C) assesses leased space to identify space that is not fully used or occupied; ‘‘(D) develops recommendations on how to address excess capacity at Postal Service fa-cilities without negatively impacting mail delivery; and ‘‘(E) develops recommendations on ensur-ing the security of mail processing oper-ations; and ‘‘(4) shall, on a regular basis— ‘‘(A) conduct an inventory of postal prop-erty that is real property; and ‘‘(B) make an assessment of each property described in subparagraph (A), which shall include— ‘‘(i) the age and condition of the property; ‘‘(ii) the size of the property in square foot-age and acreage; ‘‘(iii) the geographical location of the prop-erty, including an address and description; ‘‘(iv) the extent to which the property is being utilized; ‘‘(v) the actual annual operating costs as-sociated with the property; ‘‘(vi) the total cost of capital expenditures associated with the property; ‘‘(vii) the number of postal employees, con-tractor employees, and functions housed at the property; ‘‘(viii) the extent to which the mission of the Postal Service is dependent on the prop-erty; and ‘‘(ix) the estimated amount of capital ex-penditures projected to maintain and operate the property over each of the next 5 years after the date of enactment of this sub-chapter.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 5 of subtitle I of title 40, United States Code, as amended by section 3, is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 626 the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER VIII —UNITED STATES POSTAL  
SERVICE PROPERTY MANAGEMENT  ‘‘Sec. 641. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 642. United States Postal Service property management.’’. 
SEC. 2955. AGENCY RETENTION OF PROCEEDS. 
Section 571 of title 40, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 571. General rules for deposit and use of proceeds ‘‘(a) P
ROCEEDS FROM TRANSFER OR SALE OF  R
EALPROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) D
EPOSIT OF NET PROCEEDS .—Net pro- ceeds described in subsection (d) shall be de-posited into the appropriate account of the agency that had custody and accountability for the property at the time the property is determined to be excess. ‘‘(2) E
XPENDITURE OF NET PROCEEDS .—The net proceeds deposited pursuant to para-graph (1) may only be expended as authorized in annual appropriations Acts, for— ‘‘(A) activities described in sections 543 and 545, including paying costs incurred by the General Services Administration for any dis-posal-related activity authorized by this title; and ‘‘(B) activities pursuant to implementation of the Federal Buildings Personnel Training Act of 2010 (40 U.S.C. 581 note; Public Law 111–308). ‘‘(3) D
EFICIT REDUCTION .—Any net proceeds described in subsection (d) from the sale, lease, or other disposition of surplus real property that are not expended under para-graph (2) shall be used for deficit reduction. ‘‘(b) E
FFECT ON OTHER SECTIONS .—Nothing in this section is intended to affect section 572(b), 573, or 574. ‘‘(c) D
ISPOSAL AGENCY FOR REVERTED PROP-
ERTY .—For the purposes of this section, for any property that reverts to the United States under sections 550 and 553, the Gen-eral Services Administration, as the disposal agency, shall be treated as the agency with custody and accountability for the property at the time the property is determined to be excess. ‘‘(d) N
ETPROCEEDS .—The net proceeds de-scribed in this subsection are proceeds under this chapter, less expenses of the transfer or disposition as provided in section 572(a), from— ‘‘(1) a transfer of excess real property to a Federal agency for agency use; or ‘‘(2) a sale, lease, or other disposition of surplus real property. ‘‘(e) P
ROCEEDS FROM TRANSFER OR SALE OF  P
ERSONAL PROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subchapter, proceeds described in paragraph (2) shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEEDS .—The proceeds described in this paragraph are proceeds under this chap-ter from— ‘‘(A) a transfer of excess personal property to a Federal agency for agency use; or ‘‘(B) a sale, lease, or other disposition of surplus personal property. ‘‘(3) P
AYMENT OF EXPENSES OF SALE BEFORE  
DEPOSIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to regulations under this subtitle, the expenses of the sale of personal property may be paid from the proceeds of the sale so that only the net pro-ceeds are deposited in the Treasury. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—This paragraph applies whether proceeds are deposited as miscella-neous receipts or to the credit of an appro-priation as authorized by law.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.060 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3343 May 26, 2016 
SEC. 2956. INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT ON UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE PROPERTY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF EXCESS PROPERTY .—In this section, the term ‘‘excess property’’ has the meaning given the term in section 641 of title 40, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 2954. (b) E
XCESS PROPERTY REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the United States Postal Service shall submit to Con-gress a report that includes— (1) a survey of excess property held by the United States Postal Service; and (2) recommendations for repurposing prop-erty identified in paragraph (1)— (A) to— (i) reduce excess capacity; and (ii) increase collocation with other Federal agencies; and (B) without diminishing the ability of the United States Postal Service to meet the service standards established under section 3691 of title 39, United States Code, as in ef-fect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 2957. REPORTS ON UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE FLEET MODERNIZATION. 
(a) GAO R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall study and submit to Congress a report on— (1) the feasibility of the United States Postal Service designing mail delivery vehi-cles that are equipped for diverse geographic conditions such as travel in rural areas and extreme weather conditions; and (2) the feasibility and cost of the United States Postal Service integrating the use of collision-averting technology into its vehicle fleet. (b) P
OSTAL SERVICE REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the United States Postal Service shall submit to Congress a report that in-cludes— (1) a review of the efforts of the United States Postal Service relating to fleet re-placement and modernization; and (2) a strategy for carrying out the fleet re-placement and lifecycle plan of the United States Postal Service. 
SEC. 2958. SURPLUS PROPERTY DONATIONS TO MUSEUMS. 
Section 549(c)(3)(B) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking clause (vii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(vii) a museum open to the public on a regularly scheduled weekly basis, and the hours of operation are, at a minimum, dur-ing normal business hours (as determined by the Administrator);’’. 
SEC. 2959. DUTIES OF FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 524(a) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) develop current and future workforce projections so as to have the capacity to as-sess the needs of the Federal workforce re-garding the use of real property; ‘‘(7) establish goals and policies that will lead the executive agency to reduce excess property and underutilized property in the inventory of the executive agency; ‘‘(8) submit to the Federal Property Coun-cil an annual report on all excess property that is real property and underutilized prop-erty in the inventory of the executive agen-cy, including— ‘‘(A) whether underutilized property can be better utilized, including through colloca-tion with other executive agencies or con-solidation with other facilities; and ‘‘(B) the extent to which the executive agency believes that retention of the under-utilized property serves the needs of the ex-ecutive agency; ‘‘(9) adopt workplace practices, configura-tions, and management techniques that can achieve increased levels of productivity and decrease the need for real property assets; ‘‘(10) assess leased space to identify space that is not fully used or occupied; ‘‘(11) on an annual basis and subject to the guidance of the Federal Property Council— ‘‘(A) conduct an inventory of real property under control of the executive agency; and ‘‘(B) make an assessment of each property, which shall include— ‘‘(i) the age and condition of the property; ‘‘(ii) the size of the property in square foot-age and acreage; ‘‘(iii) the geographical location of the prop-erty, including an address and description; ‘‘(iv) the extent to which the property is being utilized; ‘‘(v) the actual annual operating costs as-sociated with the property; ‘‘(vi) the total cost of capital expenditures incurred by the Federal Government associ-ated with the property; ‘‘(vii) sustainability metrics associated with the property; ‘‘(viii) the number of Federal employees and contractor employees and functions housed at the property; ‘‘(ix) the extent to which the mission of the executive agency is dependent on the property; ‘‘(x) the estimated amount of capital ex-penditures projected to maintain and operate the property during the 5-year period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this para-graph; and ‘‘(xi) any additional information required by the Administrator of General Services to carry out section 623; and ‘‘(12) provide to the Federal Property Council and the Administrator of General Services the information described in para-graph (11)(B) to be used for the establish-ment and maintenance of the database de-scribed in section 624.’’. (b) DEFINITION OF EXECUTIVE AGENCY .—Sec- tion 524 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF EXECUTIVE AGENCY .— For the purpose of paragraphs (6) through (12) of subsection (a), the term ‘executive agency’ shall have the meaning given the term ‘Federal agency’ in section 621.’’. 
SA 4340. Mr. CASEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 306. ENVIRONMENTAL TESTING AND REME-DIATION AT MILITARY INSTALLA-TIONS WHERE AQUEOUS FILM FORMING FOAM HAS BEEN USED. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF POTENTIALLY CON-
TAMINATED SITES.—The Secretary of Defense shall direct the service secretaries to iden-tify and make publicly available a list of military installations located in the United States where the fire extinguishing agent Aqueous Film Forming Foam was or could have been discharged. (b) T
ESTING .—The Secretary of Defense shall make available to local water authori-ties and residents located at or near the military installations identified pursuant to subsection (a) testing of drinking water for the presence of perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS) and perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) above the current Lifetime Health Advisory (LHA) limits. (c) ACTIONS REQUIRED AT LOCATIONS WITH C
ONTAMINATION FOUND ABOVE LHA L IMITS .— If testing under subsection (b) identifies PFOS and PFOA contamination above LHA limits at or around a military installation identified under subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Defense shall— (1) notify local residents within 15 days of the test results; (2) provide affected individuals with an al-ternative, uncontaminated drinking water source within 15 days of such results that shall remain available until a remediation plan is fully implemented; (3) develop and begin implementation of a remediation plan within 45 days of the re-sults, unless such a plan is not technically feasible or is cost-prohibitive, in which case the Secretary may develop and implement a plan to provide a permanent alternative water supply to affected residents; and (4) provide public status reports on the progress of implementation of the remedi-ation plan every 45 days until remediation is complete. 
SA 4341. Mr. CASEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 1531, add the fol-lowing: (c) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR COUNTERING  M
OVEMENT OF PRECURSOR MATERIALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the funds made avail-able for the Joint Improvised Explosive De-vice Defeat Fund for fiscal year 2017 by this Act, up to $15,000,000 may be used by the Sec-retary of Defense to provide assistance in the form of training, equipment, supplies, and services to ministries and other govern-mental entities of any country that the Sec-retary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, has identified as crit-ical for countering the movement of pre-cursor materials for improvised explosive de-vices. Any such assistance shall be provided for the purpose of countering the movement of such precursor materials. (2) P
ROVISION THROUGH OTHER UNITED  
STATES AGENCIES .—If agreed upon by the Sec-retary of Defense and the head of another de-partment or agency of the United States, the Secretary may transfer funds available under paragraph (1) to the head of such de-partment or agency for the provision by such department or agency of assistance described in that paragraph to ministries and other government entities of a country identified under that paragraph. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Department of Defense should increase efforts to combat the use of improvised explosive devices by the terrorist group the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant (ISIL) and the illicit smuggling of im-provised explosive device precursor mate-rials by that terrorist group. 
SA 4342. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.060 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3344 May 26, 2016 
military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2826. RETURN OF CERTAIN LANDS AT FORT WINGATE TO THE ORIGINAL INHAB-ITANTS ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Return of Certain Lands At Fort Wingate to The Original Inhabitants Act’’. (b) D
IVISION AND TREATMENT OF LANDS OF  F
ORMER FORTWINGATE DEPOT ACTIVITY , NEW M
EXICO , TOBENEFIT THE ZUNITRIBE AND NAV-
AJONATION .— (1) I
MMEDIATE TRUST ON BEHALF OF ZUNI  
TRIBE ; EXCEPTION .—Subject to valid existing rights and to easements reserved pursuant to subsection (c), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the lands of Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity de-picted in dark blue on the map titled ‘‘The Fort Wingate Depot Activity Negotiated Property Division April 2016’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Map’’) and transferred to the Secretary of the Interior are to be held in trust by the Secretary of the Interior for the Zuni Tribe as part of the Zuni Reserva-tion, unless the Zuni Tribe otherwise elects under clause (ii) of paragraph (3)(C) to have the parcel conveyed to it in Restricted Fee Status. (2) I
MMEDIATE TRUST ON BEHALF OF THE  
NAVAJO NATION ; EXCEPTION .—Subject to valid existing rights and to easements reserved pursuant to subsection (c), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the lands of Former Fort Wingate Depot Ac-tivity depicted in dark green on the Map and transferred to the Secretary of the Interior are to be held in trust by the Secretary of the Interior for the Navajo Nation as part of the Navajo Reservation, unless the Navajo Nation otherwise elects under clause (ii) of paragraph (3)(C) to have the parcel conveyed to it in Restricted Fee Status. (3) S
UBSEQUENT TRANSFER AND TRUST ; RE-
STRICTED FEE STATUS ALTERNATIVE .— (A) T
RANSFER UPON COMPLETION OF REMEDI -
ATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Army, with the concurrence of the New Mexico Environ-ment Department, notifies the Secretary of the Interior that remediation of a parcel of land of Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity has been completed consistent with sub-section (d), the Secretary of the Army shall transfer administrative jurisdiction over the parcel to the Secretary of the Interior. (B) N
OTIFICATION OF TRANSFER .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Sec-retary of the Army transfers administrative jurisdiction over a parcel of land of Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary of the Interior shall notify the Zuni Tribe and Navajo Nation of the transfer of administrative jurisdiction over the parcel. (C) T
RUST OR RESTRICTED FEE STATUS .— (i) T
RUST .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the Secretary of the Interior shall hold each parcel of land of Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity transferred under subpara-graph (A) in trust— (I) for the Zuni Tribe, in the case of land depicted in blue on the Map; or (II) for the Navajo Nation, in the case of land depicted in green on the Map. (ii) R
ESTRICTED FEE STATUS .—In lieu of having a parcel of land held in trust under clause (i), the Zuni Tribe, with respect to land depicted in blue on the Map, and the Navajo Nation, with respect to land depicted in green on the Map, may elect to have the Secretary of the Interior convey the parcel or any portion of the parcel to it in re-stricted fee status. (iii) NOTIFICATION OF ELECTION .—Not later than 45 days after the date on which the Zuni Tribe or the Navajo Nation receives notice under subparagraph (B) of the transfer of ad-ministrative jurisdiction over a parcel of land of Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity, the Zuni Tribe or the Navajo Nation shall notify the Secretary of the Interior of an election under clause (ii) for conveyance of the parcel or any portion of the parcel in re-stricted fee status. (iv) C
ONVEYANCE .—As soon as practicable after receipt of a notice from the Zuni Tribe or the Navajo Nation under clause (iii), but in no case later than 6 months after receipt of the notice, the Secretary of the Interior shall convey, in restricted fee status, the parcel of land of Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity covered by the notice to the Zuni Tribe or the Navajo Nation, as the case may be. (v) R
ESTRICTED FEE STATUS DEFINED .—For purposes of this section only, the term ‘‘re-stricted fee status’’, with respect to land conveyed under clause (iv), means that the land so conveyed— (I) shall be owned in fee by the Indian tribe to whom the land is conveyed; (II) shall be part of the Indian tribe’s Res-ervation and expressly made subject to the jurisdiction of the Indian Tribe; (III) shall not be sold by the Indian tribe without the consent of Congress; (IV) shall not be subject to taxation by any government other than the government of the Indian tribe; and (V) shall not be subject to any provision of law providing for the review or approval by the Secretary of the Interior before an In-dian tribe may use the land for any purpose, directly or through agreement with another party. (4) S
URVEY AND BOUNDARY REQUIREMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior shall— (i) provide for the survey of lands of Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity taken into trust for the Zuni Tribe or the Navajo Nation or conveyed in restricted fee status for the Zuni Tribe or the Navajo Nation under paragraph (1), (2), or (3); and (ii) establish legal boundaries based on the Map as parcels are taken into trust or con-veyed in restricted fee status. (B) C
ONSULTATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary of the Interior shall con-sult with the Zuni Tribe and the Navajo Na-tion to determine their priorities regarding the order in which parcels should be sur-veyed and, to the greatest extent feasible, the Secretary shall follow these priorities. (5) R
ELATION TO CERTAIN REGULATIONS .— Part 151 of title 25, Code of Federal Regula-tions, shall not apply to taking lands of Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity into trust under paragraph (1), (2), or (3). (6) F
ORT WINGATE LAUNCH COMPLEX LAND  
STATUS .—Upon certification by the Secretary of Defense that the area generally depicted as ‘‘Fort Wingate Launch Complex’’ on the Map is no longer required for military pur-poses and can be transferred to the Secretary of the Interior— (A) the areas generally depicted as ‘‘FWLC A’’ and ‘‘FWLC B’’ on the Map shall be held in trust by the Secretary of the Interior for the Zuni Tribe in accordance with this sub-section; and (B) the areas generally depicted as ‘‘FWLC C’’ and ‘‘FWLC D’’ on the Map shall be held in trust by the Secretary of the Interior for the Navajo Nation in accordance with this subsection. (c) RETENTION OF NECESSARY EASEMENTS  
ANDACCESS .— (1) R
IGHTS -OF-WAY.—Entities operating on the land described herein, subject to prior easements and/or rights-of-way agreements, shall be granted a one-time 30-year extension of that agreement retroactive to the expira-tion of the prior agreement at existing com-pensation rates and subject to current De-partment of Interior regulations concerning easements and rights-of-ways. Compensation for future rights-of-way agreements and/or easements shall be negotiated between the parties based on prevailing market rates at the time of the negotiation. (2) A
CCESS FOR ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSE  
ACTIONS .—The lands of Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity held in trust or conveyed in restricted fee status pursuant to subsection (b) shall be subject to reserved access by the United States as the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Interior determine are reasonably required to permit access to lands of Former Fort Wingate Depot Activ-ity for administrative and environmental re-sponse purposes. The Secretary of the Army shall provide to the governments of the Zuni Tribe and the Navajo Nation written copies of all access reservations under this sub-section. (3) S
HARED ACCESS .— (A) P
ARCEL 1 SHARED CULTURAL AND RELI -
GIOUS ACCESS .—In the case of the lands of Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity de-picted as Parcel 1 on the Map, the lands shall be held in trust subject to a shared easement for cultural and religious purposes only. Both the Zuni Tribe and the Navajo Nation shall have unhindered access to their respec-tive cultural and religious sites within Par-cel 1. Within 1 year after the date of the en-actment of this section, the Zuni Tribe and the Navajo Nation shall exchange detailed information to document the existence of cultural and religious sites within Parcel 1 for the purpose of carrying out this subpara-graph. The information shall also be pro-vided to the Secretary of the Interior. (B) O
THER SHARED ACCESS .—Subject to the written consent of both the Zuni Tribe and the Navajo Nation, the Secretary of the Inte-rior may facilitate shared access to other lands held in trust or restricted fee status pursuant to subsection (b), including, but not limited to, religious and cultural sites. (4) I–
40 FRONTAGE ROAD ENTRANCE .—The ac- cess road for the Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity, which originates at the frontage road for Interstate 40 and leads to the parcel of the Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity depicted as ‘‘administration area’’ on the Map, shall be held in common by the Zuni Tribe and Navajo Nation to provide for equal access to Former Fort Wingate Depot Activ-ity. (5) C
OMPATIBILITY WITH DEFENSE ACTIVI -
TIES.—The lands of Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity held in trust or conveyed in restricted fee status pursuant to subsection (b) shall be subject to reservations by the United States as the Secretary of Defense de-termines are reasonably required to permit access to lands of the Fort Wingate launch complex for administrative, test operations, and launch operations purposes. The Sec-retary of Defense shall provide the govern-ments of the Zuni Tribe and the Navajo Na-tion written copies of all reservations under this paragraph. (d) E
NVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as alle-viating, altering, or affecting the responsi-bility of the United States for cleanup and remediation of Former Fort Wingate Depot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.061 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3345 May 26, 2016 
Activity in accordance with the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980. 
SA 4343. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V of divi-sion A, add the following: 
SEC. 565. REPORT ON AVAILABILITY OF COLLEGE CREDIT FOR SKILLS ACQUIRED DUR-ING MILITARY SERVICE. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Education, and Labor, shall submit to Congress a report on the transfer of skills into equivalent college credits or technical certifications for mem-bers of the Armed Forces leaving the mili-tary. Such report shall describe each of the following: (1) The ability of service members to re-ceive transfer credit or technical certifi-cations for military experience, including skills acquired during military service or training performed in the course of per-forming military duties. (2) An evaluation of those schools that do provide such credit, the type and amount of credit provided, whether the number of schools providing such credit could be ex-panded, and obstacles to such expansion. (3) A listing of civilian career fields best suited for the certifications and training ob-tained by technically-trained service mem-bers during their time in the Armed Forces. (4) The number of veterans who were able to receive equivalent college credits or tech-nical certifications in the last fiscal year, and the academic level of the credits or cer-tifications. 
SA 4344. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. K
IRK) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1247. MILITARY-TO-MILITARY EXCHANGES WITH INDIA. 
To enhance military cooperation and en-courage engagement in joint military oper-ations between the United States and India, the Secretary of Defense may take appro-priate actions to ensure that exchanges be-tween senior military officers and senior ci-vilian defense officials of the Government of India and the United States Government— (1) are at a level appropriate to enhance engagement between the militaries of the two countries for developing threat analysis, military doctrine, force planning, logistical support, intelligence collection and analysis, tactics, techniques, and procedures, and hu-manitarian assistance and disaster relief; (2) include exchanges of general and flag officers; and (3) significantly enhance joint military op-erations, including maritime security, counter-piracy, counter-terror cooperation, and domain awareness in the Indo-Asia-Pa-cific region. SA 4345. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1221. 
SA 4346. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: Subtitle I—Countering Foreign Propaganda and Disinformation Act 
SEC. 1281. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) foreign governments, including the Gov-ernments of the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China, use disinformation and other propaganda tools to undermine the national security objec-tives of the United States and key allies and partners; (2) the Russian Federation, in particular, has conducted sophisticated and large-scale disinformation campaigns that have sought to have a destabilizing effect on United States allies and interests; (3) in the last decade disinformation has increasingly become a key feature of the Government of the Russian Federation’s pur-suit of political, economic, and military ob-jectives in Ukraine, Moldova, Georgia, the Balkans, and throughout Central and East-ern Europe; (4) the challenge of countering disinformation extends beyond effective strategic communications and public diplo-macy, requiring a whole-of-government ap-proach leveraging all elements of national power; (5) the United States Government should develop a comprehensive strategy to counter foreign disinformation and propaganda and assert leadership in developing a fact-based strategic narrative; and (6) an important element of this strategy should be to protect and promote a free, healthy, and independent press in countries vulnerable to foreign disinformation. 
SEC. 1282. CENTER FOR INFORMATION ANALYSIS AND RESPONSE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of Defense, the Broadcasting Board of Governors, and other relevant departments and agencies, establish a Center for Information Analysis and Re-sponse (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Center’’). The purposes of the Center are— (1) to coordinate the sharing with relevant government agencies of information, subject to the appropriate classification guidelines, on foreign government information warfare efforts, including information provided by recipients of information access fund grants awarded under subsection (e) and other sources; (2) to establish a process for the integra-tion of relevant information on foreign prop-aganda and disinformation efforts into the development of national strategy; and (3) to develop, plan, and synchronize, in co-ordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Broadcasting Board of Governors, and other relevant departments and agencies, interagency initiatives to expose and counter foreign information operations di-rected against United States national secu-rity interests and proactively advance fact- based narratives that support United States allies and interests. (b) FUNCTIONS .—The Center shall carry out the following functions: (1) Integrating interagency efforts to track and evaluate counterfactual narratives abroad that threaten the national security interests of the United States and United States allies, subject to appropriate regula-tions governing the dissemination of classi-fied information and programs. (2) Analyzing relevant information from United States Government agencies, allied nations, think-tanks, academic institutions, civil society groups, and other nongovern-mental organizations. (3) Developing and disseminating thematic narratives and analysis to counter propa-ganda and disinformation directed at United States allies and partners in order to safe-guard United States allies and interests. (4) Identifying current and emerging trends in foreign propaganda and disinformation, including the use of print, broadcast, online and social media, support for third-party outlets such as think tanks, political par-ties, and nongovernmental organizations, in order to coordinate and shape the develop-ment of tactics, techniques, and procedures to expose and refute foreign misinformation and disinformation and proactively promote fact-based narratives and policies to audi-ences outside the United States. (5) Facilitating the use of a wide range of information-related technologies and tech-niques to counter foreign disinformation by sharing expertise among agencies, seeking expertise from external sources, and imple-menting best practices. (6) Identifying gaps in United States capa-bilities in areas relevant to the Center’s mis-sion and recommending necessary enhance-ments or changes. (7) Identifying the countries and popu-lations most susceptible to foreign govern-ment propaganda and disinformation. (8) Administering the information access fund established pursuant to subsection (e). (9) Coordinating with allied and partner nations, particularly those frequently tar-geted by foreign disinformation operations, and international organizations and entities such as the NATO Center of Excellence on Strategic Communications, the European Endowment for Democracy, and the Euro-pean External Action Service Task Force on Strategic Communications, in order to am-plify the Center’s efforts and avoid duplica-tion. (c) C
OMPOSITION .— (1) C
OORDINATOR .—The Secretary of State shall appoint a full-time Coordinator to lead the Center. (2) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .— (A) C
OMPOSITION .—The Secretary of State shall establish a Steering Committee com-posed of senior representatives of agencies relevant to the Center’s mission to provide advice to the Secretary on the operations and strategic orientation of the Center and to ensure adequate support for the Center. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.061 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3346 May 26, 2016 
The Steering Committee shall include the of-ficials set forth in subparagraph (C), one sen-ior representative designated by the Sec-retary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment, and the Chairman of the Broad-casting Board of Governors. (B) M
EETINGS .—The Steering Committee shall meet not less than every 3 months. (C) C
HAIRMAN AND VICE CHAIRMEN .—The Steering Committee shall be chaired by the Under Secretary of State for Political Af-fairs. A senior, Secretary of State-designated official responsible for digital media pro-gramming for foreign audiences and a senior, Secretary of Defense-designated official re-sponsible for information operations shall serve as co-Vice Chairmen. (D) E
XECUTIVE SECRETARY .—The Coordi-nator of the Center shall serve as Executive Secretary of the Steering Committee. (E) P
ARTICIPATION AND INDEPENDENCE .—The Chairman of the Broadcasting Board of Gov-ernors shall not compromise the journalistic freedom or integrity of relevant media orga-nizations. Other Federal agencies may be in-vited to participate in the Steering Com-mittee at the discretion of the Chairman of the Steering Committee and with the con-sent of the Secretary of State. (d) S
TAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairman may, with the consent of the Secretary and without re-gard to the civil service laws and regula-tions, appoint and terminate a Director and such other additional personnel as may be necessary to enable the Center to carry out its functions. The employment of the Direc-tor shall be subject to confirmation by the Steering Committee. (2) C
OMPENSATION .—The Chairman may fix the compensation of the Director and other personnel without regard to chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, relating to classification of po-sitions and General Schedule pay rates, ex-cept that the rate of pay for the executive di-rector and other personnel may not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of that title. (3) D
ETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES .— Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Center without reimburse-ment, and such detail shall be without inter-ruption or loss of civil service status or privilege. (4) P
ROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND INTER -
MITTENT SERVICES .—The Chairman may pro-cure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individuals which do not exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of that title. (e) I
NFORMATION ACCESS FUND.— (1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of State for fiscal years 2017 and 2018 $40,000,000 to support the Center and pro-vide grants or contracts of financial support to civil society groups, journalists, non-governmental organizations, federally fund-ed research and development centers, private companies, or academic institutions for the following purposes: (A) To support local independent media who are best placed to refute foreign disinformation and manipulation in their own communities. (B) To collect and store examples in print, online, and social media, disinformation, misinformation, and propaganda directed at the United States and its allies and partners. (C) To analyze tactics, techniques, and pro-cedures of foreign government information warfare with respect to disinformation, mis-information, and propaganda. (D) To support efforts by the Center to counter efforts by foreign governments to use disinformation, misinformation, and propaganda to influence the policies and so-cial and political stability of the United States and United States allies and partners. (2) FUNDING AVAILABILITY AND LIMITA -
TIONS .—All organizations that apply to re-ceive funds under this subsection must un-dergo a vetting process in accordance with the relevant existing regulations to ensure their bona fides, capability, and experience, and their compatibility with United States interests and objectives. (3) O
FFSET .—Savings derived from pro-jected bulk fuel cost savings in the operation and maintenance, Defense-wide account shall be made available to cover the appro-priation authorized in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1283. INCLUSION IN DEPARTMENT OF STATE EDUCATION AND CULTURAL EX-CHANGE PROGRAMS OF FOREIGN STUDENTS AND COMMUNITY LEAD-ERS FROM COUNTRIES AND POPU-LATIONS SUSCEPTIBLE TO FOREIGN MANIPULATION. 
When selecting participants for United States educational and cultural exchange programs, the Secretary of State shall give special consideration to students and com-munity leaders from populations and coun-tries the Secretary deems vulnerable to for-eign propaganda and disinformation cam-paigns. 
SEC. 1284. REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the establishment of the Center, the Secretary of State shall, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port evaluating the success of the Center in fulfilling the purposes for which it was au-thorized and outlining steps to improve any areas of deficiency. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1285. TERMINATION OF CENTER AND STEER-ING COMMITTEE. 
The Center for Information Analysis and Response and the Steering Committee shall terminate ten years after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 1286. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING RELATIONSHIP TO INTELLIGENCE AUTHORITIES AND ACTIVITIES. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed as superseding or modifying any existing au-thorities governing the collection, sharing, and implementation of intelligence programs and activities or existing regulations gov-erning the sharing of classified information and programs. 
SA 4347. Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. PETERSBURG NATIONAL BATTLEFIELD BOUNDARY MODIFICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The boundary of the Pe-tersburg National Battlefield is modified to include the land and interests in land as gen-erally depicted on the map titled ‘‘Peters-burg National Battlefield Boundary Expan-sion’’, numbered 325/80,080, and dated March 2015. The map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate of-fices of the National Park Service. (b) A
CQUISITION OF PROPERTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) is authorized to acquire the land and interests in land, described in subsection (a), from willing sellers only, by donation, purchase with donated or appropriated funds, exchange, or transfer. (2) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 313(a) of the National Parks and Recreation Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–625; 92 Stat. 3479) is amended by striking ‘‘twenty-one’’ and in-serting ‘‘twenty-five’’. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall administer any land or interests in land ac-quired under subsection (b) as part of the Pe-tersburg National Battlefield in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. (d) A
DMINISTRATIVE JURISDICTION TRANS -
FER.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is transferred— (A) from the Secretary to the Secretary of the Army administrative jurisdiction over the approximately 1.170-acre parcel of land depicted as ‘‘Area to be transferred to Fort Lee Military Reservation’’ on the map de-scribed in paragraph (2); and (B) from the Secretary of the Army to the Secretary administrative jurisdiction over the approximately 1.171-acre parcel of land depicted as ‘‘Area to be transferred to Pe-tersburg National Battlefield’’ on the map described in paragraph (2). (2) M
AP.—The land transferred is depicted on the map titled ‘‘Petersburg National Bat-tlefield Proposed Transfer of Administrative Jurisdiction’’, numbered 325/80,801A, dated May 2011. The map shall be on file and avail-able for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (3) C
ONDITIONS OF TRANSFER .—The transfer of administrative jurisdiction under para-graph (1) is subject to the following condi-tions: (A) N
O REIMBURSEMENT OR CONSIDER -
ATION .—The transfer is without reimburse-ment or consideration. (B) M
ANAGEMENT .—The land conveyed to the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be included within the boundary of the Peters-burg National Battlefield and shall be ad-ministered as part of that park in accord-ance with applicable laws and regulations. 
SA 4348. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 221. REPORT ON NATIONAL SECURITY IM-PLICATIONS OF INDEPENDENT RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT IN-VESTMENTS WITHIN THE DEFENSE INDUSTRY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.063 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3347 May 26, 2016 
Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the national security implications of independent re-search and development investments within the defense industry. The report shall in-clude the following: (1) An assessment of the short-term and long-term implications for the national secu-rity of the United States with respect to in-novation, modernization, and technological superiority resulting from low levels of inde-pendent research and development invest-ment within the defense industry. (2) For fiscal years 2015 and 2016, an anal-ysis of how firms in the defense industry have allocated corporate earnings, including a breakdown by allocation types such as— (A) investments in research and develop-ment, labor force, or capital improvements; (B) merger or acquisition activities; or (C) activities to primarily increase share-holder value. (3) An assessment whether regulations and acquisition policies of the Department of De-fense provide incentives for firms in the de-fense industry to place a priority on short- term targets for earnings-per-share rather than on long-term capital investments. (4) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate to encourage, facili-tate, and enhance independent research and development investments within the defense industry, and to spur innovation within the defense industry. 
SA 4349. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. BORDER SECURITY ENFORCEMENT TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section (1) B
ORDER SECURITY .—The term ‘‘border security’’ means the prevention of unlawful entries into the United States, including en-tries by terrorists, other unlawful aliens, in-struments of terrorism, narcotics, and other contraband. (2) C
HECKPOINT .—The term ‘‘checkpoint’’ means a location— (A) where vehicles or individuals traveling through the location are stopped or boarded by an officer of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the purposes of enforcement of United States laws and regulations; and (B) that is not located at a port of entry along an international border of the United States. (3) L
AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIAL .—The term ‘‘law enforcement official’’ means— (A) an officer or agent of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; (B) an officer or agent of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; or (C) an officer or employee of a State or a political subdivision of a State who is car-rying out the functions of an immigration officer pursuant to an agreement entered into under section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)), pursu-ant to authorization under title IV of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.), or pursuant to any other agreement with the Department of Homeland Security. (4) P
ATROL STOP .—The term ‘‘patrol stop’’ means seizure or interrogation of a motorist, passenger, or pedestrian initiated anywhere except as part of an inspection at a port of entry or checkpoint. (5) PRIMARY INSPECTION .—The term ‘‘pri-mary inspection’’ means an initial inspec-tion of a vehicle or individual at a check-point. (6) S
ECONDARY INSPECTION .—The term ‘‘sec-ondary inspection’’ means a further inspec-tion of a vehicle or individual that is con-ducted following a primary inspection. (b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR DATACOLLECTION RE-
GARDING STOPS AND SEARCHES INTENDED TO  E
NFORCE BORDER SECURITY .—A law enforce-ment official who initiates a patrol stop or who detains any individual beyond a brief and limited inquiry during a primary inspec-tion, including by referral to a secondary in-spection or by conducting a search of the ve-hicle or its occupants, shall collect the fol-lowing data: (1) The date, time, and location of the con-tact. (2) The surname and date of birth of the in-dividual subject to the contact. (3) The law enforcement official’s basis for, or circumstances surrounding, the action, in-cluding if such individual’s perceived race or ethnicity contributed to such basis. (4) The identifying characteristics of such individual, including the individual’s per-ceived race, gender, ethnicity, and approxi-mate age. (5) The duration of the stop, detention, or search, whether consent was requested and obtained for detention and any search, and the name of the person who provided such consent. (6) A description of any articulable facts and behavior by the individual that justify initiating a stop or probable cause to justify any search pursuant to such contact. (7) A description of any items seized during such search, including contraband or money, and a specification of the type of search con-ducted. (8) Whether any warning or citation was issued as a result of such contact and the basis for such warning or citation. (9) Whether an arrest or detention was made as a result of such contact, the jus-tification for such arrest or detention, and the ultimate disposition of such arrest. (10) Whether the affected individual is un-dergoing immigration proceedings as of the date of the annual report. (11) The immigration status of the indi-vidual and whether removal proceedings were subsequently initiated against the indi-vidual. (12) Whether force was used by the law en-forcement official and if so, the type of force and justification for using force (13) Whether any complaint was made by the individual, and if so whether there was any follow-up made regarding the complaint. (14) The badge number of the law enforce-ment official involved in the complaint. (15) If the action was initiated by a State or local law enforcement agency, the reason for involvement of a Federal law enforce-ment official, the duration of the stop prior to contact with any Federal law enforcement official, the method by which a Federal law enforcement official was informed of the stop, and whether the individual was being held by State or local officials on State criminal charges at the time of such contact. (c) R
EQUIREMENT FOR U.S. C USTOMS AND  B
ORDER PROTECTION DATA COLLECTION RE-
GARDING CHECKPOINTS .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall collect data on the number of permanent and temporary checkpoints utilized by officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the lo-cation of each such checkpoint, and a de-scription of each such checkpoint, including the presence of any other law enforcement agencies and the use of law enforcement re-sources such as canines. (d) COMPILATION OF DATA.— (1) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall compile the data— (A) collected under subsection (b) by offi-cers of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement and by officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and (B) collected under subsection (c) by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (2) O
THER LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS .— The head of each agency, department, or other entity that employs law enforcement officials other than officers referred to in paragraph (1) shall— (A) compile the data collected by such law enforcement officials pursuant to subsection (b); and (B) submit the compiled data to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. (e) U
SE OF DATA.—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall consider the data com-piled under subsection (d) in making policy and program decisions related to enforce-ment of border security. (f) A
NNUAL REPORT .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than one year after the effective date of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress a report on the data compiled under subsection (d) that includes all such data for the previous year. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public, except for particular data if the Secretary explicitly invokes an exemp-tion contained in paragraphs (1) through (9) of section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code, and provides a written explanation for the exemption’s applicability. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect 60 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SA 4350. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 306. ENERGY PREPAREDNESS FOR THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It shall be the policy of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces to ensure the readiness of the Armed Forces for their military missions by pursuing energy preparedness, including reli-able sources of electric power and the effi-cient use of electric power. (b) A
UTHORITIES .—In order to achieve the policy set forth in subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Defense may take the actions as follows: (1) E
LECTRIC POWER RELIABILITY PLANS FOR  
MILITARY INSTALLATIONS .—The Secretary may require the service secretaries to estab-lish and maintain electric power reliability plans that best meet their installations’ mis-sion assurance guidelines. (2) R
ELIABILITY OF ELECTRIC POWER AND  
COST OF BACKUP POWER AS FACTORS IN PRO -
CUREMENT .—The Secretary may authorize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.063 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3348 May 26, 2016 
the use of reliability and the cost of backup power as factors in the cost-benefit analysis for procurement of electric power. 
SA 4351. Mr. REID (for Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. Reid to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 536, insert the following: 
SEC. 536A. INDEXING AND PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF DECISIONS AND OTHER DOCU-MENTS IN CONNECTION WITH AC-TIONS OF BOARDS FOR THE COR-RECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS. 
Section 1552(a) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 536(a)(1) of this Act, is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4)(A) The record of the votes of each board under this section, and all other state-ments of findings, conclusions, and rec-ommendations made on final determinations of applications by such board, shall be in-dexed and promptly made available for pub-lic inspection and copying at the Armed Forces Discharge Review/Correction Boards Reading Room located on the Concourse of the Pentagon Building in Room 2E123, Wash-ington, DC. ‘‘(B) Any documents made available for public inspection and copying pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be indexed in a usable and concise form so as to enable the public to identify cases similar in issue together with the circumstances under or reasons for which the board concerned granted or denied relief. Each index shall be published quar-terly, and shall be available for public in-spection and distribution by sale at the Reading Room referred to in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) To the extent necessary to prevent a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal pri-vacy, the following shall be deleted from documents made available for public inspec-tion and copying pursuant to subparagraph (A): ‘‘(i) Identifying details of applicants and other persons. ‘‘(ii) Names, addresses, social security numbers, and military service numbers. ‘‘(iii) Subject to subparagraph (D), other information that is privileged or classified. ‘‘(D) Information that is privileged or clas-sified may be deleted pursuant to subpara-graph (C)(iii) from documents made avail-able for public inspection and copying pursu-ant to subparagraph (A) only if a written statement of the basis for such deletion is made available for public inspection.’’. 
SA 4352. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: SECTION 1097. AUTHORIZATION OF THE OFFICE FOR PARTNERSHIPS AGAINST VIO-LENT EXTREMISM OF THE DEPART-MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (1) by inserting after section 801 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 802. OFFICE FOR PARTNERSHIPS AGAINST VIOLENT EXTREMISM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘As-sistant Secretary’ means the Assistant Sec-retary for Partnerships Against Violent Ex-tremism designated under subsection (c). ‘‘(3) C
OUNTERING VIOLENT EXTREMISM .—The term ‘countering violent extremism’ means proactive and relevant actions to counter re-cruitment, radicalization, and mobilization to violence and to address the immediate factors that lead to violent extremism and radicalization. ‘‘(4) D
OMESTIC TERRORISM ; INTERNATIONAL  
TERRORISM .—The terms ‘domestic terrorism’ and ‘international terrorism’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(5) R
ADICALIZATION .—The term ‘radicalization’ means the process by which an individual chooses to facilitate or commit domestic terrorism or international ter-rorism. ‘‘(6) V
IOLENT EXTREMISM .—The term ‘vio-lent extremism’ means international or do-mestic terrorism. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is in the De-partment an Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism. ‘‘(c) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—The Office for Part-nerships Against Violent Extremism shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for Part-nerships Against Violent Extremism, who shall be designated by the Secretary and re-port directly to the Secretary. ‘‘(d) D
EPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY ; AS-
SIGNMENT OF PERSONNEL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) designate a career Deputy Assistant Secretary for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism; and ‘‘(2) assign or hire, as appropriate, perma-nent staff to the Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism. ‘‘(e) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary shall be responsible for the following: ‘‘(A) Leading the efforts of the Department to counter violent extremism across all the components and offices of the Department that conduct strategic and supportive efforts to counter violent extremism. Such efforts shall include the following: ‘‘(i) Partnering with communities to ad-dress vulnerabilities that can be exploited by violent extremists in the United States and explore potential remedies for Government and non-government institutions. ‘‘(ii) Working with civil society groups and communities to counter violent extremist propaganda, messaging, or recruitment. ‘‘(iii) In coordination with the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the De-partment, managing the outreach and en-gagement efforts of the Department directed toward communities at risk for radicalization and recruitment for violent extremist activities. ‘‘(iv) Ensuring relevant information, re-search, and products inform efforts to counter violent extremism. ‘‘(v) Developing and maintaining Depart-ment-wide strategy, plans, policies, and pro-grams to counter violent extremism. Such plans shall, at a minimum, address each of the following: ‘‘(I) The Department’s plan to leverage new and existing Internet and other technologies and social media platforms to improve non- government efforts to counter violent extre-mism, as well as the best practices and les-sons learned from other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and foreign partners engaged in similar counter-messaging ef-forts. ‘‘(II) The Department’s countering violent extremism-related engagement efforts. ‘‘(III) The use of cooperative agreements with State, local, tribal, territorial, and other Federal departments and agencies re-sponsible for efforts relating to countering violent extremism. ‘‘(vi) Coordinating with the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department to ensure all of the activities of the Depart-ment related to countering violent extre-mism fully respect the privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties of all persons. ‘‘(vii) In coordination with the Under Sec-retary for Science and Technology and in consultation with the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, identifying and recommending new empirical research and analysis requirements to ensure the dissemi-nation of information and methods for Fed-eral, State, local, tribal, and territorial countering violent extremism practitioners, officials, law enforcement personnel, and non-governmental partners to utilize such research and analysis. ‘‘(viii) Assessing the methods used by vio-lent extremists to disseminate propaganda and messaging to communities at risk for re-cruitment by violent extremists. ‘‘(B) Developing a digital engagement strategy that expands the outreach efforts of the Department to counter violent extremist messaging by— ‘‘(i) exploring ways to utilize relevant Internet and other technologies and social media platforms; and ‘‘(ii) maximizing other resources available to the Department. ‘‘(C) Serving as the primary representative of the Department in coordinating coun-tering violent extremism efforts with other Federal departments and agencies and non- governmental organizations. ‘‘(D) Serving as the primary Department- level representative in coordinating with the Department of State on international coun-tering violent extremism issues. ‘‘(E) In coordination with the Adminis-trator, providing guidance regarding the use of grants made to State, local, and tribal governments under sections 2003 and 2004 under the allowable uses guidelines related to countering violent extremism. ‘‘(F) Developing a plan to expand philan-thropic support for domestic efforts related to countering violent extremism, including by identifying viable community projects and needs for possible philanthropic support. ‘‘(2) C
OMMUNITIES AT RISK .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘communities at risk’ shall not include a community that is determined to be at risk solely on the basis of race, religious affiliation, or ethnicity. ‘‘(f) S
TRATEGY TO COUNTER VIOLENT EXTRE -
MISM IN THE UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives a comprehensive Department strategy to counter violent extremism in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.063 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3349 May 26, 2016 
‘‘(2) C ONTENTS OF STRATEGY .—The strategy required under paragraph (1) shall, at a min-imum, address each of the following: ‘‘(A) The Department’s digital engagement effort, including a plan to leverage new and existing Internet, digital, and other tech-nologies and social media platforms to counter violent extremism, as well as the best practices and lessons learned from other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, non-governmental, and foreign partners engaged in similar counter-messaging activities. ‘‘(B) The Department’s countering violent extremism-related engagement and outreach activities. ‘‘(C) The use of cooperative agreements with State, local, tribal, territorial, and other Federal departments and agencies re-sponsible for activities relating to coun-tering violent extremism. ‘‘(D) Ensuring all activities related to countering violent extremism adhere to rel-evant Department and applicable Depart-ment of Justice guidance regarding privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties, including safeguards against discrimination. ‘‘(E) The development of qualitative and quantitative outcome-based metrics to evaluate the Department’s programs and policies to counter violent extremism. ‘‘(F) An analysis of the homeland security risk posed by violent extremism based on the threat environment and empirical data as-sessing terrorist activities and incidents, and violent extremist propaganda, messaging, or recruitment. ‘‘(G) Information on the Department’s near-term, mid-term, and long-term risk- based goals for countering violent extre-mism, reflecting the risk analysis conducted under subparagraph (F). ‘‘(3) S
TRATEGIC CONSIDERATIONS .—In draft- ing the strategy required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider including the following: ‘‘(A) Departmental efforts to undertake re-search to improve the Department’s under-standing of the risk of violent extremism and to identify ways to improve countering violent extremism activities and programs, including outreach, training, and informa-tion sharing programs. ‘‘(B) The Department’s nondiscrimination policies as they relate to countering violent extremism. ‘‘(C) Departmental efforts to help promote community engagement and partnerships to counter violent extremism in furtherance of the strategy. ‘‘(D) Departmental efforts to help increase support for programs and initiatives to counter violent extremism of other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, nongovern-mental, and foreign partners that are in fur-therance of the strategy, and which adhere to all relevant constitutional, legal, and pri-vacy protections. ‘‘(E) Departmental efforts to disseminate to local law enforcement agencies and the general public information on resources, such as training guidance, workshop reports, and the violent extremist threat, through multiple platforms, including the develop-ment of a dedicated webpage, and informa-tion regarding the effectiveness of those ef-forts. ‘‘(F) Departmental efforts to use coopera-tive agreements with State, local, tribal, ter-ritorial, and other Federal departments and agencies responsible for efforts relating to countering violent extremism, and informa-tion regarding the effectiveness of those ef-forts. ‘‘(G) Information on oversight mechanisms and protections to ensure that activities and programs undertaken pursuant to the strat-egy adhere to all relevant constitutional, legal, and privacy protections. ‘‘(H) Departmental efforts to conduct over-sight of all countering violent extremism training and training materials and other re-sources developed or funded by the Depart-ment. ‘‘(I) Departmental efforts to foster trans-parency by making, to the extent prac-ticable, all regulations, guidance, docu-ments, policies, and training materials pub-licly available, including through any webpage developed under subparagraph (E). ‘‘(4) STRATEGIC IMPLEMENTATION PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary sub-mits the strategy required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives an implementation plan for each of the compo-nents and offices of the Department with re-sponsibilities under the strategy. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The implementation plan required under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude an integrated master schedule and cost estimate for activities and programs con-tained in the implementation plan, with specificity on how each such activity and program aligns with near-term, mid-term, and long-term goals specified in the strategy required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than April 1, 2017, and annually thereafter, the Assist-ant Secretary shall submit to Congress an annual report on the Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism, which shall in-clude the following: ‘‘(1) A description of the status of the pro-grams and policies of the Department for countering violent extremism in the United States. ‘‘(2) A description of the efforts of the Of-fice for Partnerships Against Violent Extre-mism to cooperate with and provide assist-ance to other Federal departments and agen-cies. ‘‘(3) Qualitative and quantitative metrics for evaluating the success of such programs and policies and the steps taken to evaluate the success of such programs and policies. ‘‘(4) An accounting of— ‘‘(A) grants and cooperative agreements awarded by the Department to counter vio-lent extremism; and ‘‘(B) all training specifically aimed at countering violent extremism sponsored by the Department. ‘‘(5) An analysis of how the Department’s activities to counter violent extremism cor-respond and adapt to the threat environ-ment. ‘‘(6) A summary of how civil rights and civil liberties are protected in the Depart-ment’s activities to counter violent extre-mism. ‘‘(7) An evaluation of the use of section 2003 and section 2004 grants and cooperative agreements awarded to support efforts of local communities in the United States to counter violent extremism, including infor-mation on the effectiveness of such grants and cooperative agreements in countering violent extremism. ‘‘(8) A description of how the Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism in-corporated lessons learned from the coun-tering violent extremism programs and poli-cies of foreign, State, local, tribal, and terri-torial governments and stakeholder commu-nities. ‘‘(h) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, and every year thereafter, the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the De-partment shall— ‘‘(1) conduct a review of the Office for Part-nerships Against Violent Extremism activi-ties to ensure that all of the activities of the Office related to countering violent extre-mism respect the privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties of all persons; and ‘‘(2) make publicly available on the website of the Department a report containing the results of the review conducted under para-graph (1).’’; and (2) in section 2008(b)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to support any organization or group which has knowingly or recklessly funded domestic terrorism or international ter-rorism (as those terms are defined in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code) or orga-nization or group known to engage in or re-cruit to such activities, as determined by the Assistant Secretary for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism in consultation with the Administrator and the heads of other appro-priate Federal departments and agencies.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 801 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 802. Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism.’’. (c) S
UNSET .—Effective on the date that is 7 years after the date of enactment of this Act— (1) section 802 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), is re-pealed; and (2) the table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 802. 
SA 4353. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle J—Open Government Data 
SEC. 1097. SHORT TITLE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Open, Public, Electronic, and Necessary Government Data Act’’ or the ‘‘OPEN Government Data Act’’. 
SEC. 1098. FINDINGS; AGENCY DEFINED. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Federal Government data is a valuable national resource. Managing Federal Gov-ernment data to make it open, available, dis-coverable, and useable to the general public, businesses, journalists, academics, and advo-cates promotes efficiency and effectiveness in Government, creates economic opportuni-ties, promotes scientific discovery, and most importantly, strengthens our democracy. (2) Maximizing the usefulness of Federal Government data that is appropriate for re-lease rests upon making it readily available, discoverable, and usable—in a word: open. In-formation presumptively should be available to the general public unless the Federal Gov-ernment reasonably foresees that disclosure could harm a specific, articulable interest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.062 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3350 May 26, 2016 
protected by law or the Federal Government is otherwise expressly prohibited from re-leasing such data due to statutory require-ments. (3) The Federal Government has the re-sponsibility to be transparent and account-able to its citizens. (4) Data controlled, collected, or created by the Federal Government should be origi-nated, transmitted, and published in modern, open, and electronic format, to be as readily accessible as possible, consistent with data standards imbued with authority under this subtitle and to the extent permitted by law. (5) The effort to inventory Government data will have additional benefits, including identifying opportunities within agencies to reduce waste, increase efficiencies, and save taxpayer dollars. As such, this effort should involve many types of data, including data generated by applications, devices, net-works, and equipment, which can be har-nessed to improve operations, lower energy consumption, reduce costs, and strengthen security. (6) Communication, commerce, and data transcend national borders. Global access to Government information is often essential to promoting innovation, scientific discovery, entrepreneurship, education, and the general welfare. (b) A
GENCY DEFINED .—In this subtitle, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code, and includes the Federal Election Commission. 
SEC. 1099. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this subtitle, or the amend-ments made by this subtitle, shall be con-strued to require the disclosure of informa-tion or records that are exempt from public disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Free-dom of Information Act’’). 
SEC. 1099A. FEDERAL INFORMATION POLICY DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3502 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (14), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) the term ‘data’ means recorded infor-mation, regardless of form or the media on which the data is recorded; ‘‘(16) the term ‘data asset’ means a collec-tion of data elements or data sets that may be grouped together; ‘‘(17) the term ‘Enterprise Data Inventory’ means the data inventory developed and maintained pursuant to section 3523; ‘‘(18) the term ‘machine-readable’ means a format in which information or data can be easily processed by a computer without human intervention while ensuring no se-mantic meaning is lost; ‘‘(19) the term ‘metadata’ means structural or descriptive information about data such as content, format, source, rights, accuracy, provenance, frequency, periodicity, granu-larity, publisher or responsible party, con-tact information, method of collection, and other descriptions; ‘‘(20) the term ‘nonpublic data asset’— ‘‘(A) means a data asset that may not be made available to the public for privacy, se-curity, confidentiality, regulation, or other reasons as determined by law; and ‘‘(B) includes data provided by contractors that is protected by contract, license, pat-ent, trademark, copyright, confidentiality, regulation, or other restriction; ‘‘(21) the term ‘open format’ means a tech-nical format based on an underlying open standard that is— ‘‘(A) not encumbered by restrictions that would impede use or reuse; and ‘‘(B) based on an underlying open standard that is maintained by a standards organiza-tion; ‘‘(22) the term ‘open Government data’ means a Federal Government public data asset that is— ‘‘(A) machine-readable; ‘‘(B) available in an open format; and ‘‘(C) part of the worldwide public domain or, if necessary, published with an open li-cense; ‘‘(23) the term ‘open license’ means a legal guarantee applied to a data asset that is made available to the public that such data asset is made available— ‘‘(A) at no cost to the public; and ‘‘(B) with no restrictions on copying, pub-lishing, distributing, transmitting, citing, or adapting; and ‘‘(24) the term ‘public data asset’ means a collection of data elements or a data set maintained by the Government that— ‘‘(A) may be released; or ‘‘(B) has been released to the public in an open format and is discoverable through a search of Data.gov.’’. SEC. 1099B. REQUIREMENT FOR MAKING OPEN AND MACHINE-READABLE THE DE-FAULT FOR GOVERNMENT DATA. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3522. Requirements for Government data ‘‘(a) M
ACHINE -READABLE DATAREQUIRED .— Government data assets made available by an agency shall be published as machine- readable data. ‘‘(b) O
PEN BY DEFAULT .—When not other-wise prohibited by law, and to the extent practicable, Government data assets shall— ‘‘(1) be available in an open format; and ‘‘(2) be available under open licenses. ‘‘(c) O
PEN LICENSE OR WORLDWIDE PUBLIC  D
OMAIN DEDICATION REQUIRED .—When not otherwise prohibited by law, and to the ex-tent practicable, Government data assets published by or for an agency shall be made available under an open license or, if not made available under an open license and ap-propriately released, shall be considered to be published as part of the worldwide public domain. ‘‘(d) I
NNOVATION .—Each agency may engage with nongovernmental organizations, citi-zens, non-profit organizations, colleges and universities, private and public companies, and other agencies to explore opportunities to leverage the agency’s public data asset in a manner that may provide new opportuni-ties for innovation in the public and private sectors in accordance with law and regula-tion.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 3521 the following: ‘‘3522. Requirements for Government data.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Notwithstanding sec-tion 1099G, the amendments made by sub-sections (a) and (b) shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act and shall apply with respect to any contract entered into by an agency on or after such effective date. (d) U
SE OF OPENDATAASSETS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each agency shall en-sure that any activities by the agency or any new contract entered into by the agency meet the requirements of section 3522 of title 44, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 1099C. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE OFFICE OF ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT. 
(a) C OORDINATION OF FEDERAL INFORMATION  R
ESOURCES MANAGEMENT POLICY .—Section 3503 of title 44, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) COORDINATION OF FEDERAL INFORMA -
TION RESOURCES MANAGEMENT POLICY .—The Federal Chief Information Officer shall work in coordination with the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs and with the heads of other offices within the Office of Management and Budget to oversee and advise the Director on Fed-eral information resources management pol-icy.’’. (b) A
UTHORITY AND FUNCTIONS OF DIREC-
TOR.—Section 3504(h) of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, the Federal Chief Information Officer,’’ after ‘‘the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology’’; (2) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) oversee the completeness of the Enter-prise Data Inventory and the extent to which the agency is making all data collected and generated by the agency available to the public in accordance with section 3523;’’; (3) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) coordinate the development and re-view of Federal information resources man-agement policy by the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs and the Federal Chief Information Officer.’’. (c) C
HANGE OF NAME OF THE OFFICE OF  E
LECTRONIC GOVERNMENT .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 3601 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (1); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (1) through (3), re-spectively; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(4) ‘Federal Chief Information Officer’ means the Federal Chief Information Officer of the Office of the Federal Chief Informa-tion Officer established under section 3602;’’. (2) O
FFICE OF THE FEDERAL CHIEF INFORMA -
TION OFFICER .—Section 3602 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘Of-fice of the Federal Chief Information Offi-cer’’; (C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘an Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘a Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (D) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (E) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (F) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (G) in subsection (f)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Administrator shall’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Of-ficer shall’’; and (ii) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘the Of-fice of Electronic Government’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Office of the Federal Chief Informa-tion Officer’’; and (H) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘the Of-fice of Electronic Government’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Office of the Federal Chief Informa-tion Officer’’. (3) C
HIEF INFORMATION OFFICERS COUNCIL .— Section 3603 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.064 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3351 May 26, 2016 
(A) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘The Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘The Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; and (C) in subsection (f)(3), by striking ‘‘the Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (4) E–G
OVERNMENT FUND .—Section 3604 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’; and (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (5) P
ROGRAM TO ENCOURAGE INNOVATIVE SO -
LUTIONS TO ENHANCE ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT  
SERVICES AND PROCESSES .—Section 3605 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘, the Ad-ministrator,’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Federal Chief Information Officer,’’; and (C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘The Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Federal Chief Information Of-ficer’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘proposals submitted to the Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘proposals submitted to the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’; and (iii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘the Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (6) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 36 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 3602 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘3602. Office of the Federal Chief Infor-mation Officer.’’. (B) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL III .—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘Fed-eral Chief Information Officer’’. (C) O
FFICE OF ELECTRONIC GOVERNMENT .— Section 507 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘The Office of Elec-tronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘The Of-fice of the Federal Chief Information Offi-cer’’. (D) E
LECTRONIC GOVERNMENT AND INFORMA -
TION TECHNOLOGIES .—Section 305 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (E) C
APITAL PLANNING AND INVESTMENT CON -
TROL .—Section 11302(c)(4) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Admin-istrator of the Office of Electronic Govern-ment’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (F) R
ESOURCES , PLANNING , AND PORTFOLIO  
MANAGEMENT .—The second subsection (c) of section 11319 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Federal Chief Information Officer’’. (G) ADDITIONAL TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING  
AMENDMENTS .— (i) Section 2222(i)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 3601(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3601(3)’’. (ii) Section 506D(k)(1) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3100(k)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 3601(4)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 3601(3)’’. (7) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The amend-ments made by this subsection are for the purpose of changing the name of the Office of Electronic Government and the Adminis-trator of such office and shall not be con-strued to affect any of the substantive provi-sions of the provisions amended or to require a new appointment by the President. 
SEC. 1099D. DATA INVENTORY AND PLANNING. 
(a) E NTERPRISE DATAINVENTORY .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by section 1099B, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3523. Enterprise data inventory ‘‘(a) A
GENCY DATAINVENTORY REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to develop a clear and comprehensive understanding of the data assets in the possession of an agen-cy, the head of each agency, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, shall develop and maintain an enterprise data inventory (in this section referred to as the ‘Enterprise Data Inven-tory’) that accounts for any data asset cre-ated, collected, under the control or direc-tion of, or maintained by the agency after the effective date of this section, with the ul-timate goal of including all data assets, to the extent practicable. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Enterprise Data In-ventory shall include each of the following: ‘‘(A) Data assets used in agency informa-tion systems, including program administra-tion, statistical, and financial activity. ‘‘(B) Data assets shared or maintained across agency programs and bureaus. ‘‘(C) Data assets that are shared among agencies or created by more than 1 agency. ‘‘(D) A clear indication of all data assets that can be made publicly available under section 552 of title 5 (commonly referred to as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’). ‘‘(E) A description of whether the agency has determined that an individual data asset may be made publicly available and whether the data asset is currently available to the public. ‘‘(F) Non-public data assets. ‘‘(G) Government data assets generated by applications, devices, networks, and equip-ment, categorized by source type. ‘‘(b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Chief In-formation Officer of each agency shall use the guidance provided by the Director issued pursuant to section 3504(a)(1)(C)(ii) to make public data assets included in the Enterprise Data Inventory publicly available in an open format and under an open license. ‘‘(c) N
ON-PUBLIC DATA.—Non-public data included in the Enterprise Data Inventory may be maintained in a non-public section of the inventory. ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF ENTERPRISE DATAIN-
VENTORY .—The Chief Information Officer of each agency— ‘‘(1) shall make the Enterprise Data Inven-tory available to the public on Data.gov; ‘‘(2) shall ensure that access to the Enter-prise Data Inventory and the data contained therein is consistent with applicable law and regulation; and ‘‘(3) may implement paragraph (1) in a manner that maintains a non-public portion of the Enterprise Data Inventory. ‘‘(e) R
EGULAR UPDATES REQUIRED .—The Chief Information Officer of each agency shall— ‘‘(1) to the extent practicable, complete the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this section; and ‘‘(2) add additional data assets to the En-terprise Data Inventory for the agency not later than 90 days after the date on which the data asset is created or identified. ‘‘(f) USE OF EXISTING RESOURCES .—When practicable, the Chief Information Officer of each agency shall use existing procedures and systems to compile and publish the En-terprise Data Inventory for the agency.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by section 5, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 3522 the following: ‘‘3523. Enterprise data inventory.’’. (b) S
TANDARDS FOR ENTERPRISE DATA IN-
VENTORY .—Section 3504(a)(1) of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (B)(vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) issue standards for the Enterprise Data Inventory described in section 3523, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) a requirement that the Enterprise Data Inventory include a compilation of metadata about agency data assets; and ‘‘(ii) criteria that the head of each agency shall use in determining whether to make a particular data asset publicly available in a manner that takes into account— ‘‘(I) the expectation of confidentiality as-sociated with an individual data asset; ‘‘(II) security considerations, including the risk that information in an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a security risk but when combined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(III) the cost and value to the public of converting the data into a manner that could be understood and used by the public; ‘‘(IV) the expectation that all data assets that would otherwise be made available under section 552 of title 5 (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’) be disclosed; and ‘‘(V) any other considerations that the Di-rector determines to be relevant.’’. (c) F
EDERAL AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— Section 3506 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘secu-rity;’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘security by— ‘‘(i) using open format for any new Govern-ment data asset created or obtained on the date that is 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this clause; and ‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, encouraging the adoption of open form for all open Gov-ernment data created or obtained before the date of enactment of this clause;’’. (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘sub-chapter; and’’ and inserting ‘‘subchapter and a review of each agency’s Enterprise Data In-ventory described in section 3523;’’; (C) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) in consultation with the Director, de-velop an open data plan as a part of the re-quirement for a strategic information re-sources management plan described in para-graph (2) that, at a minimum and to the ex-tent practicable— ‘‘(A) requires the agency to develop proc-esses and procedures that— ‘‘(i) require each new data collection mech-anism to use an open format; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.064 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3352 May 26, 2016 
‘‘(ii) allow the agency to collaborate with non-Government entities, researchers, busi-nesses, and private citizens for the purpose of understanding how data users value and use open Government data; ‘‘(B) identifies and implements methods for collecting and analyzing digital information on data asset usage by users within and out-side of the agency, including designating a point of contact within the agency to assist the public and to respond to quality issues, usability, recommendations for improve-ments, and complaints about adherence to open data requirements in accordance with subsection (d)(2); ‘‘(C) develops and implements a process to evaluate and improve the timeliness, com-pleteness, accuracy, usefulness, and avail-ability of open Government data; ‘‘(D) requires the agency to update the plan at an interval determined by the Direc-tor; ‘‘(E) includes requirements for meeting the goals of the agency open data plan including technology, training for employees, and im-plementing procurement standards, in ac-cordance with existing law, that allow for the acquisition of innovative solutions from the public and private sector; and ‘‘(F) prohibits the dissemination and acci-dental disclosure of nonpublic data assets.’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘With re-spect to’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided under subsection (j), with respect to’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘ensure’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sources’’ and inserting ‘‘sources and uses’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding providing access to open Government data online’’ after ‘‘economical manner’’; (C) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘regularly’’; (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘provide’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘may’’ before ‘‘not’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) shall take the necessary precautions to ensure that the agency maintains the pro-duction and publication of data assets which are directly related to activities that protect the safety of human life or property, as iden-tified by the open data plan of the agency re-quired by subsection (b)(6); and ‘‘(6) may engage the public in using open Government data and encourage collabora-tion by— ‘‘(A) publishing information on open Gov-ernment data usage in regular, timely inter-vals, but not less than annually; ‘‘(B) receiving public input regarding prior-ities for the analysis and disclosure of data assets to be published; ‘‘(C) assisting civil society groups and members of the public working to expand the use of open Government data; and ‘‘(D) hosting challenges, competitions, events, or other initiatives designed to cre-ate additional value from open Government data.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) C
OLLECTION OF INFORMATION EXCEP -
TION.—Notwithstanding subsection (c), an agency is not required to meet the require-ments of paragraphs (2) and (3) of such sub-section if— ‘‘(1) the waiver of those requirements is ap-proved by the head of the agency; ‘‘(2) the collection of information is— ‘‘(A) online and electronic; ‘‘(B) voluntary and there is no perceived or actual tangible benefit to the provider of the information; ‘‘(C) of an extremely low burden that is typically completed in 5 minutes or less; and ‘‘(D) focused on gathering input about the performance of, or public satisfaction with, an agency providing service; and ‘‘(3) the agency publishes representative summaries of the collection of information under subsection (c).’’. (d) REPOSITORY .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall collaborate with the Office of Government Information Services and the Administrator of General Services to develop and maintain an online repository of tools, best practices, and sche-ma standards to facilitate the adoption of open data practices. The repository shall— (1) include definitions, regulation and pol-icy, checklists, and case studies related to open data, this subtitle, and the amendments made by this subtitle; and (2) facilitate collaboration and the adop-tion of best practices across the Federal Gov-ernment relating to the adoption of open data practices. (e) S
YSTEMATIC AGENCY REVIEW OF OPER-
ATIONS .—Section 305 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘To the extent practicable, each agency shall use existing data to sup-port such reviews if the data is accurate and complete.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) determining the status of achieving the mission, goals, and objectives of the agency as described in the strategic plan of the agency published pursuant to section 306;’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) O
PENDATACOMPLIANCE REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, and every 2 years there-after, the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall electronically publish a report on agency performance and compli-ance with the Open, Public, Electronic, and Necessary Government Data Act and the amendments made by that Act.’’. (f) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that identifies— (1) the value of information made available to the public as a result of this subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle; (2) whether it is valuable to expand the publicly available information to any other data assets; and (3) the completeness of the Enterprise Data Inventory at each agency required under sec-tion 3523 of title 44, United States Code, as added by this section. 
SEC. 8. TECHNOLOGY PORTAL. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 3511 the following: ‘‘§ 3511A. Technology portal ‘‘(a) D
ATA.GOV REQUIRED .—The Adminis-trator of General Services shall maintain a single public interface online as a point of entry dedicated to sharing open Government data with the public. ‘‘(b) COORDINATION WITH AGENCIES .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall determine, after consultation with the head of each agency and the Admin-istrator of General Services, the method to access any open Government data published through the interface described in subsection (a).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3511 the following: ‘‘3511A. Technology portal.’’. (c) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall meet the requirements of section 3511A(a) of title 44, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 1099E. ENHANCED RESPONSIBILITIES FOR CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICERS AND CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICERS COUNCIL DUTIES. 
(a) A GENCY CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER  G
ENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) G
ENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES .—Section 11315(b) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) data asset management, format stand-ardization, sharing of data assets, and publi-cation of data assets; ‘‘(5) the compilation and publication of the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency re-quired under section 3523 of title 44; ‘‘(6) ensuring that agency data conforms with open data best practices; ‘‘(7) ensuring compliance with the require-ments of subsections (b), (c), (d), and (f) of section 3506 of title 44; ‘‘(8) engaging agency employees, the pub-lic, and contractors in using open Govern-ment data and encourage collaborative ap-proaches to improving data use; ‘‘(9) supporting the agency Performance Improvement Officer in generating data to support the function of the Performance Im-provement Officer described in section 1124(a)(2) of title 31; ‘‘(10) reviewing the information technology infrastructure of the agency and the impact of such infrastructure on making data assets accessible to reduce barriers that inhibit data asset accessibility; ‘‘(11) ensuring that, to the extent prac-ticable, the agency is maximizing its own use of data, including data generated by ap-plications, devices, networks, and equipment owned by the Government and such use is not otherwise prohibited, to reduce costs, improve operations, and strengthen security and privacy protections; and ‘‘(12) identifying points of contact for roles and responsibilities related to open data use and implementation as required by the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget.’’. (2) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—Section 11315 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—In this sec-tion, the terms ‘data’, ‘data asset’, ‘Enter-prise Data Inventory’, and ‘open Government data’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3502 of title 44.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT .—Section 3603(f) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) Work with the Office of Government Information Services and the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.064 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3353 May 26, 2016 
promote data interoperability and com-parability of data assets across the Govern-ment.’’. 
SEC. 1099F. EVALUATION OF AGENCY ANALYT-ICAL CAPABILITIES. 
(a) A GENCY REVIEW OF EVALUATION AND  A
NALYSIS CAPABILITIES ; REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chief Operating Officer of each agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget a report on the review described in subsection (b). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS OF AGENCY REVIEW .—The report required under subsection (a) shall as-sess the coverage, quality, methods, effec-tiveness, and independence of the agency’s evaluation research and analysis efforts, in-cluding each of the following: (1) A list of the activities and operations of the agency that are being evaluated and ana-lyzed and the activities and operations that have been evaluated and analyzed during the previous 5 years. (2) The extent to which the evaluations re-search and analysis efforts and related ac-tivities of the agency support the needs of various divisions within the agency. (3) The extent to which the evaluation re-search and analysis efforts and related ac-tivities of the agency address an appropriate balance between needs related to organiza-tional learning, ongoing program manage-ment, performance management, strategic management, interagency and private sector coordination, international and external oversight, and accountability. (4) The extent to which the agency uses methods and combinations of methods that are appropriate to agency divisions and the corresponding research questions being ad-dressed, including an appropriate combina-tion of formative and summative evaluation research and analysis approaches. (5) The extent to which evaluation and re-search capacity is present within the agency to include personnel, agency process for planning and implementing evaluation ac-tivities, disseminating best practices and findings, and incorporating employee views and feedback. (6) The extent to which the agency has the capacity to assist front-line staff and pro-gram offices to develop the capacity to use evaluation research and analysis approaches and data in the day-to-day operations. (c) GAO R
EVIEW OF AGENCY REPORTS .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that summarizes agency findings and highlights trends from the reports submitted pursuant to subsection (a) and, if appro-priate, recommends actions to further im-prove agency capacity to use evaluation techniques and data to support evaluation efforts. 
SEC. 1099G. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This subtitle, and the amendments made by this subtitle, shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 4354. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 819, strike lines 7 through 13 and insert the following: (B) An assessment of the ratio of members of the Armed Forces performing active Guard and Reserve duty and civilian employ-ees of the Department of Defense required to best contribute to the readiness of the Re-serves and of the National Guard for its Fed-eralized and non-Federalized missions. 
SA 4355. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 138, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: ‘‘(5) The Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau and the Vice Chief of the National Guard Bureau. 
SA 4356. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 925. 
SA 4357. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 715, between lines 6 and 7, insert the following: ‘‘(F) An officer from the National Guard Bureau in the grade of general. 
SA 4358. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 502, strike subsection (rr). 
SA 4359. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 90, between lines 7 and 8, insert the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of a unit of the Army Na-tional Guard or the Army Reserve, the num-ber of full-time support individuals required for the unit to carry out its mission require-ments; and 
SA 4360. Mr. LEAHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1085. ANNUAL REPORT ON PERSONNEL, TRAINING, AND EQUIPMENT RE-QUIREMENTS FOR THE NON-FED-ERALIZED NATIONAL GUARD TO SUPPORT CIVILIAN AUTHORITIES IN PREVENTION AND RESPONSE TO DO-MESTIC DISASTERS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Section 10504 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘R
E-
PORT .—’’ and inserting ‘‘R EPORT ON STATE OF  
THENATIONAL GUARD .—(1)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(b) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT  
TOCONGRESS .—’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)’’; (3) by striking ‘‘annual report of the Chief of the National Guard Bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘annual report required by paragraph (1)’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON NON-FEDERALIZED  S
ERVICE NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , TRAIN-
ING, ANDEQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS .—(1) Not later than January 31 of each of calendar years 2017 through 2021, the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees and the offi-cials specified in paragraph (5) a report set-ting forth the personnel, training, and equip-ment required by the National Guard during the next fiscal year to carry out its mission, while not Federalized, to provide prevention, protection mitigation, response, and recov-ery activities in support of civilian authori-ties in connection with natural and man- made disasters. ‘‘(2) To determine the annual personnel, training, and equipment requirements of the National Guard referred to in paragraph (1), the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall take into account, at a minimum, the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Core civilian capabilities gaps for the prevention, protection, mitigation, response, and recovery activities in connection with natural and man-made disasters, as collected by the Department of Homeland Security from the States. ‘‘(B) Threat and hazard identifications and risk assessments of the Department of De-fense, the Department of Homeland Security, and the States. ‘‘(3) Personnel, training, and equipment re-quirements shall be collected from the States, validated by the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau, and be categorized in the report required by paragraph (1) by each of the following: ‘‘(A) Emergency support functions of the National Response Framework. ‘‘(B) Federal Emergency Management Agency regions. ‘‘(4) The annual report required by para-graph (1) shall be prepared in consultation with the chief executive of each State, other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.064 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3354 May 26, 2016 
appropriate civilian authorities, and the Council of Governors. ‘‘(5) In addition to the congressional de-fense committees, the annual report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted to the following officials: ‘‘(A) The Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(B) The Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(C) The Council of Governors. ‘‘(D) The Secretary of the Army. ‘‘(E) The Secretary of the Air Force. ‘‘(F) The Commander of the United States Northern Command. ‘‘(G) The Commander of the United States Cyber Command.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 10504. Chief of the National Guard Bureau: annual reports’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 1011 of such title is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 10504 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘10504. Chief of the National Guard Bureau: annual reports.’’. 
SA 4361. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. S
ANDERS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 314. STRATEGIC PLAN FOR MANUFAC-TURING WORKFORCE. 
Subsection (f)(1) of section 2521 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph (B): ‘‘(B) The overall manufacturing workforce goals, process development, technical train-ing and education, and credentialing for the program.’’. 
SA 4362. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VIII, add the following: Subtitle I—Technology Innovation and Acquisition Provisions 
SEC. 899G. PILOT PROGRAM ON DISTRIBUTION OF ROYALTIES RECEIVED BY DEPT OF DEFENSE LABORATORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsections (b) and (d), any royalties or other payments received by a Federal agency from the licensing and assignment of inven-tions under agreements entered into by De-partment of Defense laboratories, and from the licensing of inventions of Department of Defense laboratories, shall be retained by the laboratory which produced the invention and shall be disposed of as follows: (1)(A) The laboratory director shall pay each year the first $2,000, and thereafter at least 20 percent, of the royalties or other payments, other than payments of patent costs as delineated by a license or assign-ment agreement, to the inventor or coinven-tors, if the inventor’s or coinventor’s rights are assigned to the United States. (B) A laboratory director may provide ap-propriate incentives, from royalties or other payments, to laboratory employees who are not an inventor of such inventions but who substantially increased the technical value of the inventions. (C) The laboratory shall retain the royal-ties and other payments received from an in-vention until the laboratory makes pay-ments to employees of a laboratory under subparagraph (A) or (B). (2) The balance of the royalties or other payments shall be transferred by the agency to its laboratories, with the majority share of the royalties or other payments from any invention going to the laboratory where the invention occurred. The royalties or other payments so transferred to any laboratory may be used or obligated by that laboratory during the fiscal year in which they are re-ceived or during the 2 succeeding fiscal years— (A) to reward scientific, engineering, and technical employees of the laboratory, in-cluding developers of sensitive or classified technology, regardless of whether the tech-nology has commercial applications; (B) to further scientific exchange among the laboratories of the agency; (C) for education and training of employees consistent with the research and develop-ment missions and objectives of the agency or laboratory, and for other activities that increase the potential for transfer of the technology of the laboratories of the agency; (D) for payment of expenses incidental to the administration and licensing of intellec-tual property by the agency or laboratory with respect to inventions made at that lab-oratory, including the fees or other costs for the services of other agencies, persons, or or-ganizations for intellectual property man-agement and licensing services; or (E) for scientific research and development consistent with the research and develop-ment missions and objectives of the labora-tory. (3) All royalties or other payments re-tained by the laboratory after payments have been made pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) that are unobligated and unexpended at the end of the second fiscal year suc-ceeding the fiscal year in which the royalties and other payments were received shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States. (b) DISPOSITION OF EXCESS ROYALTIES AND  O
THER PAYMENTS .—If, after payments to in-ventors under subsection (a), the royalties or other payments received by an agency in any fiscal year exceed 5 percent of the budget of the agency for that year, 75 percent of such excess shall be paid to the Treasury of the United States and the remaining 25 percent may be used or obligated under subsection (a)(2). Any funds not so used or obligated shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States. (c) T
REATMENT OF PAYMENTS TO EMPLOY -
EES.—Any payment made to an employee under this section shall be in addition to the regular pay of the employee and to any other awards made to the employee, and shall not affect the entitlement of the employee to any regular pay, annuity, or award to which the employee is otherwise entitled or for which the employee is otherwise eligible or limit the amount thereof. Any payment made to an inventor as such shall continue after the inventor leaves the laboratory. Payments made under this section while the inventor is still employed at the laboratory shall not exceed $500,000 per year and after the inventor leaves the laboratory shall not exceed $150,000 per year to any one person, unless the President approves a larger award (with the excess over $500,000 being treated as a Presidential award under section 4504 of title 5, United States Code). (d) INVENTION MANAGEMENT SERVICES .—A laboratory receiving royalties or other pay-ments as a result of invention management services performed for another Federal agen-cy or laboratory under section 207 of title 35, United States Code, may retain such royal-ties or payments to the extent required to offset payments to inventors under subpara-graph (A) of subsection (a)(1), costs and ex-penses incurred under subparagraph (D) of subsection (a)(2), and the cost of foreign pat-enting and maintenance for any invention of the other agency. All royalties and other payments remaining after offsetting the pay-ments to inventors, costs, and expenses de-scribed in the preceding sentence shall be transferred to the agency for which the serv-ices were performed, for distribution in ac-cordance with subsection (a)(2). (e) C
ERTAIN ASSIGNMENTS .—If the invention involved was one assigned to the labora-tory— (1) by a contractor, grantee, or participant, or an employee of a contractor, grantee, or participant, in an agreement or other ar-rangement with the agency; or (2) by an employee of the agency who was not working in the laboratory at the time the invention was made, the agency unit that was involved in such as-signment shall be considered to be a labora-tory for purposes of this section. (f) S
UNSET .—The pilot program under this section shall terminate 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 899H. METHODS FOR ENTERING INTO RE-SEARCH AGREEMENTS. 
Section 2358(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) by transactions other than contracts, cooperative agreements, and grants entered into pursuant to sections 2371 and 2371b of this title; or ‘‘(6) by procurement for experimental pur-poses pursuant to section 2373 of this title.’’. 
SEC. 899I. PREFERENCE FOR USE OF OTHER TRANSACTIONS AND EXPERIMENTAL AUTHORITY. 
In the execution of science and technology programs, the Secretary of Defense shall es-tablish a preference for using transactions other than contracts, cooperative agree-ments, and grants entered into pursuant to sections 2371 and 2371b of title 10, United States Code, and authority for procurement for experimental purposes pursuant to sec-tion 2373 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 899J. MODIFICATION OF COST SHARING RE-QUIREMENT FOR USE OF OTHER TRANSACTION AUTHORITY. 
Section 2371b(d)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(C) At least one third of the total cost of the prototype project is to be paid out of funds provided by parties to the transaction other than the Federal Government, includ-ing funds from third party financial invest-ment.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.065 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3355 May 26, 2016 
SEC. 899K. ENHANCED AUTHORITY OF CONTRACT AUTHORITY FOR ADVANCED COMPO-NENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTO-TYPE UNITS. 
Section 819(b)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Pub-lic Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘the lesser of’’ and all that follows through ‘‘$20,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount of expenditure consistent with a major system, as defined in section 2302d of title 10, United States Code’’. 
SEC. 899L. PERMANENCY AND ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITY FOR PRIZES FOR AD-VANCED TECHNOLOGY ACHIEVE-MENTS. 
Subsection (f) of section 2374a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) U
SE OF PRIZE AUTHORITY .—Use of prize authority under this section shall be consid-ered the use of competitive procedures for purposes of chapter 137 of this title.’’. 
SA 4363. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. B
LUNT ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 740. REQUIREMENTS REGARDING UPDATE BY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE OF DE-PLOYMENT HEALTH FORMS. 
(a) P OST DEPLOYMENT HEALTH ASSESS -
MENT .—When first updating the post deploy-ment health assessment conducted by the Department of Defense after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall include in such assessment a question relating to whether a member of the Armed Forces has witnessed or observed any in-service stressor, including any event, activity, or incident, during the deployment of the member. (b) I
NSTRUCTION ON DEPLOYMENT HEALTH .— When first updating Department of Defense Instruction 6490.03 ‘‘Deployment Health’’ after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that a description of any in-service stressor, includ-ing any event, activity, incident, or being a witness to any such event, activity, or inci-dent, experienced by a member of the Armed Forces that may have caused or contributed to post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) or mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI) while in combat or on active duty in the Armed Forces and any records and data relating to that in-service stressor are electronically uploaded into the military personnel files and medical records of the member for the permanent record of the member. 
SA 4364. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: SEC. 1097. PROTECTING FINANCIAL AID FOR STU-DENTS AND TAXPAYERS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Financial Aid for Students and Taxpayers Act’’. (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) From 1998 to 2013, enrollment in for- profit institutions of higher education in-creased by 314 percent, from 498,176 students to 2,064,920 students. (2) In the 2012–2013 academic year, students who enrolled at for-profit institutions of higher education received $26,469,028,523 in Federal Pell Grants and student loans. (3) Eight out of the 10 top recipients of Post- 9/11 Educational Assistance funds are for-profit institutions of higher education. These 8 companies have received $2,900,000,000 in taxpayer funds to enroll vet-erans from 2009 to 2013. (4) An analysis of 15 publicly traded compa-nies that operate institutions of higher edu-cation shows that, on average, such compa-nies spend 28 percent of expenditures on ad-vertising, marketing, and recruiting. (c) R
ESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR  R
ECRUITING AND MARKETING ACTIVITIES .— Section 119 of the Higher Education Oppor-tunity Act (20 U.S.C. 1011m) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR  
RECRUITING AND MARKETING ACTIVITIES ’’ after ‘‘
FUNDS ’’; (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘sub-sections (a) through (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a), (b), (c), and (e)’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); and (4) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) R
ESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF FUNDS  
FOR RECRUITING AND MARKETING ACTIVI -
TIES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An institution of higher education, or other postsecondary edu-cational institution, may not use revenues derived from Federal educational assistance funds for recruiting or marketing activities described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) C
OVERED ACTIVITIES .—Except as pro-vided in paragraph (3), the recruiting and marketing activities subject to paragraph (1) shall include the following: ‘‘(A) Advertising and promotion activities, including paid announcements in news-papers, magazines, radio, television, bill-boards, electronic media, naming rights, or any other public medium of communication, including paying for displays or promotions at job fairs, military installations, or college recruiting events. ‘‘(B) Efforts to identify and attract pro-spective students, either directly or through a contractor or other third party, including contact concerning a prospective student’s potential enrollment or application for grant, loan, or work assistance under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.) or participation in preadmission or advising activities, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) paying employees responsible for over-seeing enrollment and for contacting poten-tial students in-person, by phone, by email, or by other Internet communications regard-ing enrollment; and ‘‘(ii) soliciting an individual to provide contact information to an institution of higher education, including websites estab-lished for such purpose and funds paid to third parties for such purpose. ‘‘(C) Such other activities as the Secretary of Education may prescribe, including pay-ing for promotion or sponsorship of edu-cation or military-related associations. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .—Any activity that is re-quired as a condition of receipt of funds by an institution under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.), is specifically authorized under such title, or is otherwise specified by the Secretary of Education, shall not be considered to be a covered activity under paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) FEDERAL EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE  
FUNDS .—In this subsection, the term ‘Federal educational assistance funds’ means funds provided directly to an institution or to a student attending such institution under any of the following provisions of law: ‘‘(A) Title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.). ‘‘(B) Chapter 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, or 35 of title 38, United States Code. ‘‘(C) Chapter 101, 105, 106A, 1606, 1607, or 1608 of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(D) Section 1784a, 2005, or 2007 of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(E) Title I of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111 et seq.). ‘‘(F) The Adult Education and Family Lit-eracy Act (29 U.S.C. 3271 et seq.). ‘‘(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as a limita-tion on the use by an institution of revenues derived from sources other than Federal edu-cational assistance funds. ‘‘(6) R
EPORTS .—Each institution of higher education, or other postsecondary edu-cational institution, that derives 65 percent or more of revenues from Federal edu-cational assistance funds shall report annu-ally to the Secretary and to Congress and shall include in such report— ‘‘(A) the institution’s expenditures on ad-vertising, marketing, and recruiting; ‘‘(B) a verification from an independent auditor that the institution is in compliance with the requirements of this subsection; and ‘‘(C) a certification from the institution that the institution is in compliance with the requirements of this subsection.’’. 
SA 4365. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 812 and insert the following: 
SEC. 812. MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD APPLI-CABLE TO GOVERNMENT PROCURE-MENTS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN THRESHOLD .—Section 1902 of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’; and (2) in subsections (d) and (e), by striking ‘‘not greater than $3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a price not greater than the micro-purchase threshold’’. (b) OMB G
UIDANCE .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall up-date the guidance in Circular A–123, Appen-dix B, as appropriate, to ensure that agen-cies— (1) follow sound acquisition practices when making purchases using the Government purchase card; and (2) maintain internal controls that reduce the risk of fraud, waste, and abuse in Gov-ernment charge card programs. (c) C
ONVENIENCE CHECKS .—A convenience check may not be used for an amount in ex-cess of one half of the micro-purchase threshold under section 1902(a) of title 41, United States Code, or a lower amount set 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.066 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3356 May 26, 2016 
by the head of the agency, and use of conven-ience checks shall comply with controls pre-scribed in OMB Circular A–123, Appendix B. At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 829K. SIMPLIFICATION OF THE PROCESS FOR PREPARATION AND EVALUA-TION OF PROPOSALS FOR CERTAIN SERVICE CONTRACTS. 
(a) C ONTRACTING UNDER TITLE 41, U NITED  S
TATES CODE.—Section 3306(c) of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (3),’’ in subparagraphs (B) and (C) after the subparagraph designa-tion; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS FOR CERTAIN INDEFINITE  
DELIVERY , INDEFINITE QUANTITY MULTIPLE - 
AWARD CONTRACTS AND CERTAIN FEDERAL SUP -
PLY SCHEDULE CONTRACTS .—If the head of an agency issues a solicitation for multiple task or delivery order contracts under section 4103 of this title, or a Federal supply sched-ule contract under section 501(b) of title 40 and section 152(3) of this title, for the same or similar services and intends to make a contract award to each qualifying offeror— ‘‘(A) cost or price to the Federal Govern-ment need not, at the Government’s discre-tion, be considered under subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1) as an evaluation factor for the contract award; and ‘‘(B) if, pursuant to subparagraph (A), cost or price to the Federal Government is not considered as an evaluation factor for the contract award— ‘‘(i) the disclosure requirement of subpara-graph (C) of paragraph (1) shall not apply; and ‘‘(ii) cost or price to the Federal Govern-ment shall be considered in conjunction with the issuance of a task or delivery order under any contract resulting from the solici-tation that is awarded pursuant to section 501(b) of title 40 and section 152(3) of this title. ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFYING OFFEROR DEFINED .—In paragraph (3), the term ‘qualifying offeror’ means an offeror that— ‘‘(A) is determined to be a responsible source; ‘‘(B) submits a proposal that conforms to the requirements of the solicitation; and ‘‘(C) the contracting officer has no reason to believe would likely offer other than fair and reasonable pricing.’’. (b) C
ONTRACTING UNDER TITLE 10, U NITED  S
TATES CODE.—Section 2305(a)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(ex-cept as provided in subparagraph (C))’’ in clauses (ii) and (iii) after ‘‘shall’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(C) If the head of an agency issues a solic-itation for multiple task or delivery order contracts under section 2304a(d)(1)(B) of this title for the same or similar services and in-tends to make a contract award to each qualifying offeror— ‘‘(i) cost or price to the Federal Govern-ment need not, at the Government’s discre-tion, be considered under clause (ii) of sub-paragraph (A) as an evaluation factor for the contract award; and ‘‘(ii) if, pursuant to clause (i), cost or price to the Federal Government is not considered as an evaluation factor for the contract award— ‘‘(I) the disclosure requirement of clause (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall not apply; and ‘‘(II) cost or price to the Federal Govern-ment shall be considered in conjunction with the issuance pursuant to section 2304c(b) of this title of a task or delivery order under any contract resulting from the solicitation. ‘‘(D) In subparagraph (C), the term ‘quali-fying offeror’ means an offeror that— ‘‘(i) is determined to be a responsible source; ‘‘(ii) submits a proposal that conforms to the requirements of the solicitation; and ‘‘(iii) the contracting officer has no reason to believe would likely offer other than fair and reasonable pricing.’’. SEC. 829L. PILOT PROGRAMS FOR AUTHORITY TO ACQUIRE INNOVATIVE COMMERCIAL ITEMS USING GENERAL SOLICITA-TION COMPETITIVE PROCEDURES. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency may carry out a pilot program, to be known as a ‘‘commercial solutions opening pilot program’’, under which innovative commer-cial items may be acquired through a com-petitive selection of proposals resulting from a general solicitation and the peer review of such proposals. (2) H
EAD OF AN AGENCY .—In this section, the term ‘‘head of an agency’’ means the fol-lowing: (A) The Secretary of Defense. (B) The Secretary of Homeland Security. (C) The Administrator of General Services. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF SECTION .—This section applies to the following agencies: (A) The Department of Defense. (B) The Department of Homeland Security. (C) The General Services Administration. (b) T
REATMENT AS COMPETITIVE PROCE -
DURES .—Use of general solicitation competi-tive procedures for the pilot program under subsection (a) shall be considered— (1) in the case of the Department of De-fense, to be use of competitive procedures for purposes of chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code; and (2) in the case of the Department of Home-land Security and the General Services Ad-ministration, to be use of competitive proce-dures for purposes division C of title 41, United States Code (as defined in section 152 of such title). (c) L
IMITATION .—The head of an agency may not enter into a contract under the pilot program for an amount in excess of $10,000,000. (d) G
UIDANCE .—The head of an agency shall issue guidance for the implementation of the pilot program under this section within that agency. Such guidance shall be issued in con-sultation with the Office of Management and Budget and shall be posted for access by the public. (e) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of an agency shall submit to the congressional committees specified in para-graph (3) a report on the activities the agen-cy carried out under the pilot program. (2) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT .—Each report under this subsection shall include the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment of the impact of the pilot program on competition. (B) In the case of the Department of De-fense, an assessment of the ability under the pilot program to attract proposals from non-traditional defense contractors (as defined in section 2302(9) of title 10, United States Code). (C) A comparison of acquisition timelines for— (i) procurements made using the pilot pro-gram; and (ii) procurements made using other com-petitive procedures that do not use general solicitations. (D) A recommendation on whether the au-thority for the pilot program should be made permanent. (3) The congressional committees specified in this paragraph are the following: (A) With respect to the Department of De-fense, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (B) With respect to the Department of Homeland Security and the General Services Administration, the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives. (f) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘innovative’’ means— (1) any new technology, process, or meth-od, including research and development; or (2) any new application of an existing tech-nology, process, or method. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to enter into a contract under a pilot program under this section terminates on September 30, 2022. 
SEC. 829M. INCREASE IN SIMPLIFIED ACQUISI-TION THRESHOLD. 
Section 134 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$500,000’’. 
SEC. 829N. CATEGORY MANAGEMENT. 
(a) G UIDANCE .—The Office of Management and Budget shall issue guidance to support the implementation of category manage-ment by executive agencies. The guidance shall address, at a minimum, the following: (1) Principles and practices for— (A) addressing common agency needs for goods and services through the use of data analytics, application of best-in-class prac-tices, and an understanding of market and agency cost drivers and other relevant con-siderations; (B) reducing duplication of contract vehi-cles for the same or similar requirements; (C) collecting and interagency sharing of pricing data, contract terms and conditions, and other information as appropriate; (D) strengthening demand management practices; and (E) meeting other policy objectives achieved through Federal contracting, in-cluding— (i) ensuring that small businesses, quali-fied HUBZone small business concerns, small businesses owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, service-disabled veteran-owned small busi-nesses, and small businesses owned and con-trolled by women are provided with the max-imum practicable opportunities, as available to other potential contractors, to participate in Federal acquisitions; and (ii) strengthening sustainability and acces-sibility requirements in Federal acquisi-tions. (2) The roles and responsibilities of the Of-fice of Management and Budget, the General Services Administration, and other agencies, as appropriate, in furthering category man-agement principles and practices. (3) Metrics for measuring results achieved through application of category manage-ment principles and practices. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF AGENCY CHIEF AC-
QUISITION OFFICERS .—Section 1702(b)(3) of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (D), (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (E), (F), (G), and (H), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph (D): ‘‘(D) establishing and overseeing a cat-egory management program for the agency’s spend in consultation with the agency Chief Information Officer, the agency Chief Finan-cial Officer, and other agency officials, as ap-propriate;’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.066 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3357 May 26, 2016 
SEC. 829O. INNOVATION SET ASIDE PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget may, in con-sultation with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, conduct a pilot program to increase the participation of new, innovative entities in Federal con-tracting through the use of innovation set- asides. (b) A
UTHORITY .—(1) Notwithstanding the competition requirements in chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, and the set- aside requirements in section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644), a Federal agen-cy, with the concurrence of the Director, may set aside a contract award to one or more new entrant contractors. The Director shall consult with the Administrator prior to providing concurrence. (2) Notwithstanding any law addressing compliance requirements for Federal con-tracts— (A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), a contract award to a new entrant con-tractor under the pilot program shall be sub-ject to the same relief afforded under section 1905 of title 41, United States Code, to con-tracts the value of which is not greater than the simplified acquisition threshold; and (B) for up to five pilots, the Director may authorize an agency to make an award to a new entrant contractor subject to the same compliance requirements that apply to a contractor receiving an award from the Sec-retary of Defense under section 2371 of title 10 United States Code. (c) C
ONDITIONS FOR USE.—The authority provided in subsection (b) may be used under the following conditions: (1)(A) The agency has a requirement for new methods, processes, or technologies, which may include research and develop-ment, or new applications of existing meth-ods, processes or technologies, to improve quality, reduce costs, or both; or (B) Based on market research, the agency has determined that the requirement cannot be easily provided through an existing Fed-eral contract; (2) The agency intends either to make an award to a small business concern or to give special consideration to a small business concern before making an award to other than a small business; and (3) The length of the resulting contract will not exceed 2 years. (d) N
UMBER OF PILOTS .—The Director may authorize the use of up to 25 innovation set- asides acquisitions. (e) A
WARD AMOUNT .— (1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amount of an award under the pilot program under this section may not exceed $2,000,000 (including any options). (2) The Director may authorize not more than 5 set-asides with an award amount greater than $2,000,000 but not greater than $5,000,000 (including any options). (f) G
UIDANCE AND REPORTING .— (1) The Director shall issue guidance, as necessary, to implement the pilot program under this section. (2) Within 3 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Director, in con-sultation with the Administrator shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the pilot pro-gram under this section. The report shall in-clude the following: (A) The number of awards (or orders under the Schedule) made under the authority of this section. (B) For each award (or order)— (i) the agency that made the award (or order); (ii) the amount of the award (or order); and (iii) a brief description of the award (or order), including the nature of the require-ment and the innovation produced from the award (or expected if contract performance is not completed). (g) SUNSET .—The authority to award an in-novation set-aside under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2020. (h) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘new entrant contractor’’, with respect to any contract under the pro-gram, means an entity that has not been awarded a Federal contract within the 5-year period ending on the date on which a solici-tation for that contract is issued under the program. 
SA 4366. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. DEPARTMENT COORDINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 708. DEPARTMENT COORDINATION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘joint duty training program’ means the training program established under subsection (e)(9)(A); ‘‘(2) the term ‘joint requirement’ means a condition or capability of a Joint Task Force, or of multiple operating components of the Department, that is required to be met or possessed by a system, product, serv-ice, result, or component to satisfy a con-tract, standard, specification, or other for-mally imposed document; ‘‘(3) the term ‘Joint Task Force’ means a Joint Task Force established under sub-section (e) when the scope, complexity, or other factors of the crisis or issue require ca-pabilities of 2 or more components of the De-partment operating under the guidance of a single Director; and ‘‘(4) the term ‘situational awareness’ means knowledge and unified understanding of unlawful cross-border activity, including— ‘‘(A) threats and trends concerning illicit trafficking and unlawful crossings; ‘‘(B) the ability to forecast future shifts in such threats and trends; ‘‘(C) the ability to evaluate such threats and trends at a level sufficient to create ac-tionable plans; and ‘‘(D) the operational capability to conduct continuous and integrated surveillance of the air, land, and maritime borders of the United States. ‘‘(b) D
EPARTMENT LEADERSHIP COUNCILS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may establish such Department leadership coun-cils as the Secretary determines necessary to ensure coordination among leadership in the Department. ‘‘(2) F
UNCTION .—Department leadership councils shall— ‘‘(A) serve as coordinating forums; ‘‘(B) advise the Secretary and Deputy Sec-retary on Department strategy, operations, and guidance; and ‘‘(C) consider and report on such other matters as the Secretary or Deputy Sec-retary may direct. ‘‘(3) C
HAIRPERSON ; MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Secretary or a designee may serve as chairperson of a De-partment leadership council. ‘‘(B) MEMBERSHIP .—The Secretary shall de-termine the membership of a Department leadership council. ‘‘(4) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FORUMS .—The Secretary or Deputy Secretary may delegate the authority to direct the implementation of any decision or guidance resulting from the action of a Department leadership coun-cil to any office, component, coordinator, or other senior official of the Department. ‘‘(c) J
OINT REQUIREMENTS COUNCIL .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Department a Joint Require-ments Council. ‘‘(2) M
ISSION .—In addition to other matters assigned to it by the Secretary and Deputy Secretary, the Joint Requirements Council shall— ‘‘(A) identify, assess, and validate joint re-quirements (including existing systems and associated capability gaps) to meet mission needs of the Department; ‘‘(B) ensure that appropriate efficiencies are made among life-cycle cost, schedule, and performance objectives, and procure-ment quantity objectives, in the establish-ment and approval of joint requirements; and ‘‘(C) make prioritized capability rec-ommendations for the joint requirements ap-proved under subparagraph (A) to the Sec-retary, the Deputy Secretary, or the chair-person of a Department leadership council designated by the Secretary to review deci-sions of the Joint Requirements Council. ‘‘(3) C
HAIR.—The Secretary shall appoint a chairperson of the Joint Requirements Coun-cil, for a term of not more than 2 years, from among senior officials from components of the Department or other senior officials as designated by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) C
OMPOSITION .—The Joint Require-ments Council shall be composed of senior officials representing components of the De-partment and other senior officials as des-ignated by the Secretary. ‘‘(5) R
ELATIONSHIP TO FUTURE YEARS HOME -
LAND SECURITY PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall ensure that the Future Years Home-land Security Program required under sec-tion 874 is consistent with the recommenda-tions of the Joint Requirements Council under paragraph (2)(C) of this subsection, as affirmed by the Secretary, the Deputy Sec-retary, or the chairperson of a Department leadership council designated by the Sec-retary under that paragraph. ‘‘(d) J
OINT OPERATIONAL PLANS .— ‘‘(1) P
LANNING AND GUIDANCE .—The Sec- retary may direct the development of Joint Operational Plans for the Department and issue planning guidance for such develop-ment. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall ensure coordination between requirements derived from Joint Operational Plans and the Future Years Homeland Security Pro-gram required under section 874. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed to affect the na-tional emergency management authorities and responsibilities of the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency under title V. ‘‘(e) J
OINT TASKFORCES .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may establish and operate Departmental Joint Task Forces to conduct joint operations using personnel and capabilities of the De-partment. ‘‘(2) J
OINT TASK FORCE DIRECTORS .— ‘‘(A) D
IRECTOR .—Each Joint Task Force shall be headed by a Director appointed by the Secretary for a term of not more than 2 years, who shall be a senior official of the Department. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may ex-tend the appointment of a Director of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.066 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3358 May 26, 2016 
Joint Task Force for not more than 2 years if the Secretary determines that such an ex-tension is in the best interest of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(3) J
OINT TASK FORCE DEPUTY DIRECTORS .— For each Joint Task Force, the Secretary shall appoint a Deputy Director who shall be an official of a different component or office than the Director of the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(4) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director of a Joint Task Force, subject to the oversight, direction, and guidance of the Secretary, shall— ‘‘(A) maintain situational awareness with-in the areas of responsibility of the Joint Task Force, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(B) provide operational plans and require-ments for standard operating procedures and contingency operations; ‘‘(C) plan and execute joint task force ac-tivities within the areas of responsibility of the Joint Task Force, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(D) set and accomplish strategic objec-tives through integrated operational plan-ning and execution; ‘‘(E) exercise operational direction over personnel and equipment from components and offices of the Department allocated to the Joint Task Force to accomplish the ob-jectives of the Joint Task Force; ‘‘(F) establish operational and investiga-tive priorities within the operating areas of the Joint Task Force; ‘‘(G) coordinate with foreign governments and other Federal, State, and local agencies, as appropriate, to carry out the mission of the Joint Task Force; and ‘‘(H) carry out other duties and powers the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(5) P
ERSONNEL AND RESOURCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may, upon request of the Director of a Joint Task Force, and giving appropriate consideration of risk to the other primary missions of the Department, allocate on a temporary basis personnel and equipment of components and offices of the Department to a Joint Task Force. ‘‘(B) C
OST NEUTRALITY .—A Joint Task Force may not require more personnel, equipment, or resources than would be re-quired by components of the Department in the absence of the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(C) L
OCATION OF OPERATIONS .—In estab- lishing a location of operations for a Joint Task Force, the Secretary shall, to the ex-tent practicable, use existing facilities that integrate efforts of components of the De-partment and State, local, tribal, or terri-torial law enforcement or military entities. ‘‘(D) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall, at the time the budget of the President is sub-mitted to Congress for a fiscal year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report on the total funding, personnel, and other resources that each component of the Department allocated to each Joint Task Force to carry out the mission of the Joint Task Force during the fiscal year immediately preceding the re-port. ‘‘(6) C
OMPONENT RESOURCE AUTHORITY .—As directed by the Secretary— ‘‘(A) each Director of a Joint Task Force shall be provided sufficient resources from relevant components and offices of the De-partment and the authority necessary to carry out the missions and responsibilities required under this section; ‘‘(B) the resources referred to in subpara-graph (A) shall be under the operational au-thority, direction, and control of the Direc-tor of the Joint Task Force to which the re-sources are assigned; and ‘‘(C) the personnel and equipment of each Joint Task Force shall remain under the ad-ministrative direction of the executive agent for the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(7) JOINT TASK FORCE STAFF .—Each Joint Task Force shall have a staff, composed of officials from relevant components, to assist the Director in carrying out the mission and responsibilities of the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(8) E
STABLISHMENT OF PERFORMANCE  
METRICS .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) establish outcome-based and other ap-propriate performance metrics to evaluate the effectiveness of each Joint Task Force; ‘‘(B) not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this section, submit the metrics established under subparagraph (A) to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(C) not later than January 31 of each year beginning in 2017, submit to each committee described in subparagraph (B) a report that contains the evaluation described in sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(9) J
OINT DUTY TRAINING PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) establish a joint duty training pro-gram in the Department for the purposes of— ‘‘(I) enhancing coordination within the De-partment; and ‘‘(II) promoting workforce professional de-velopment; and ‘‘(ii) tailor the joint duty training program to improve joint operations as part of the Joint Task Forces. ‘‘(B) E
LEMENTS .—The joint duty training program established under subparagraph (A) shall address, at a minimum, the following topics: ‘‘(i) National security strategy. ‘‘(ii) Strategic and contingency planning. ‘‘(iii) Command and control of operations under joint command. ‘‘(iv) International engagement. ‘‘(v) The homeland security enterprise. ‘‘(vi) Interagency collaboration. ‘‘(vii) Leadership. ‘‘(viii) Specific subject matter relevant to the Joint Task Force to which the joint duty training program is assigned. ‘‘(C) T
RAINING REQUIRED .— ‘‘(i) D
IRECTORS AND DEPUTY DIRECTORS .— Except as provided in clauses (iii) and (iv), an individual shall complete the joint duty training program before being appointed Di-rector or Deputy Director of a Joint Task Force. ‘‘(ii) J
OINT TASK FORCE STAFF .—Each offi-cial serving on the staff of a Joint Task Force shall complete the joint duty training program within the first year of assignment to the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(iii) E
XCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply to the first Director or Deputy Direc-tor appointed to a Joint Task Force on or after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(iv) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive clause (i) if the Secretary determines that such a waiver is in the interest of homeland security. ‘‘(10) E
STABLISHING JOINT TASK FORCES .— Subject to paragraph (13), the Secretary may establish Joint Task Forces for the purposes of— ‘‘(A) coordinating and directing operations along the land and maritime borders of the United States; ‘‘(B) cybersecurity; and ‘‘(C) preventing, preparing for, and re-sponding to other homeland security mat-ters, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(11) N
OTIFICATION OF JOINT TASK FORCE  
FORMATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days before establishing a Joint Task Force under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit a notification to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(B) WAIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may waive the requirement under subpara-graph (A) in the event of an emergency cir-cumstance that imminently threatens the protection of human life or the protection of property. ‘‘(12) R
EVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Inspector General of the Department shall conduct a review of the Joint Task Forces established under this subsection. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The review required under subparagraph (A) shall include— ‘‘(i) an assessment of the effectiveness of the structure of each Joint Task Force; and ‘‘(ii) recommendations for enhancements to that structure to strengthen the effective-ness of the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(C) S
UBMISSION .—The Inspector General of the Department shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives— ‘‘(i) an initial report that contains the evaluation described in subparagraph (A) by not later than January 31, 2018; and ‘‘(ii) a second report that contains the evaluation described in subparagraph (A) by not later than January 31, 2021. ‘‘(13) L
IMITATION ON JOINT TASK FORCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not establish a Joint Task Force for any major disaster or emergency declared under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) or an incident for which the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency has primary re-sponsibility for management of the response under title V of this Act, including section 504(a)(3)(A), unless the responsibilities of the Joint Task Force— ‘‘(i) do not include operational functions related to incident management, including coordination of operations; and ‘‘(ii) are consistent with the requirements of paragraphs (3) and (4)(A) of section 503(c) and section 509(c) of this Act and section 302 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5143). ‘‘(B) R
ESPONSIBILITIES AND FUNCTIONS NOT  
REDUCED .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to reduce the responsibilities or functions of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency or the Administrator thereof under title V of this Act and any other provi-sion of law, including the diversion of any asset, function, or mission from the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Ad-ministrator thereof pursuant to section 506. ‘‘(f) J
OINT DUTY ASSIGNMENT PROGRAM .— The Secretary may establish a joint duty as-signment program within the Department for the purposes of enhancing coordination in the Department and promoting workforce professional development.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 707 the following: ‘‘Sec. 708. Department coordination.’’. 
SA 4367. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.067 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3359 May 26, 2016 
personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: DIVISION F—DHS ACCOUNTABILITY 
SECTION 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Ac-countability Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 6002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: (1) C
ONGRESSIONAL HOMELAND SECURITY  
COMMITTEES .—The term ‘‘congressional homeland security committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (C) the Homeland Security Subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Homeland Security Subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. TITLE LXXI—DEPARTMENT MANAGEMENT AND COORDINATION 
SEC. 6101. MANAGEMENT AND EXECUTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 103 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking subparagraph (F) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(F) An Under Secretary for Management, who shall be first assistant to the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security for purposes of subchapter III of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) An Under Secretary for Strategy, Pol-icy, and Plans.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) V
ACANCIES .— ‘‘(1) A
BSENCE , DISABILITY , OR VACANCY OF  
SECRETARY OR DEPUTY SECRETARY .—Notwith- standing section 3345 of title 5, United States Code, the Under Secretary for Management shall serve as the Acting Secretary if by rea-son of absence, disability, or vacancy in of-fice, neither the Secretary nor Deputy Sec-retary is available to exercise the duties of the Office of the Secretary. ‘‘(2) F
URTHER ORDER OF SUCCESSION .—Not- withstanding section 3345 of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary may designate such other officers of the Department in fur-ther order of succession to serve as Acting Secretary. ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION OF VACANCIES .—The Sec- retary shall notify the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives of any vacancies that require notification under sections 3345 through 3349d of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998’).’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 701 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (9) and inserting the following: ‘‘(9) The management integration and transformation within each functional man-agement discipline of the Department, in-cluding information technology, financial management, acquisition management, and human capital management, to ensure an ef-ficient and orderly consolidation of func-tions and personnel in the Department, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) the development of centralized data sources and connectivity of information sys-tems to the greatest extent practicable to enhance program visibility, transparency, and operational effectiveness and coordina-tion; ‘‘(B) the development of standardized and automated management information to manage and oversee programs and make in-formed decisions to improve the efficiency of the Department; ‘‘(C) the development of effective program management and regular oversight mecha-nisms, including clear roles and processes for program governance, sharing of best prac-tices, and access to timely, reliable, and evaluated data on all acquisitions and in-vestments; and ‘‘(D) the overall supervision, including the conduct of internal audits and management analyses, of the programs and activities of the Department, including establishment of oversight procedures to ensure a full and ef-fective review of the efforts by components of the Department to implement policies and procedures of the Department for manage-ment integration and transformation.’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (10) and (11) as paragraphs (12) and (13), respectively; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) The development of a transition and succession plan, before December 1 of each year in which a Presidential election is held, to guide the transition of Department func-tions to a new Presidential administration, and making such plan available to the next Secretary and Under Secretary for Manage-ment and to the congressional homeland se-curity committees. ‘‘(11) Reporting to the Government Ac-countability Office every 6 months to dem-onstrate measurable, sustainable progress made in implementing the corrective action plans of the Department to address the des-ignation of the management functions of the Department on the bi-annual high risk list of the Government Accountability Office, until the Comptroller General of the United States submits to the appropriate congressional committees written notification of removal of the high-risk designation.’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) WAIVERS FOR CONDUCTING BUSINESS  W
ITH SUSPENDED OR DEBARRED CONTRAC -
TORS .—Not later than 5 days after the date on which the Chief Procurement Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Department issues a waiver of the requirement that an agency not engage in business with a con-tractor or other recipient of funds listed as a party suspended or debarred from receiving contracts, grants, or other types of Federal assistance in the System for Award Manage-ment maintained by the General Services Administration, or any successor thereto, the Under Secretary for Management shall submit to the congressional homeland secu-rity committees and the Inspector General of the Department notice of the waiver and an explanation of the finding by the Under Sec-retary that a compelling reason exists for the waiver.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (4) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) S
YSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT CON-
SULTATION .—The Under Secretary for Man-agement shall require that all Department contracting and grant officials consult the System for Award Management (or successor system) as maintained by the General Serv-ices Administration prior to awarding a con-tract or grant or entering into other trans-actions to ascertain whether the selected contractor is excluded from receiving Fed-eral contracts, certain subcontracts, and cer-tain types of Federal financial and non-fi-nancial assistance and benefits.’’. SEC. 6102. DEPARTMENT COORDINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 708. DEPARTMENT COORDINATION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘joint duty training program’ means the training program established under subsection (e)(9)(A); ‘‘(2) the term ‘joint requirement’ means a condition or capability of a Joint Task Force, or of multiple operating components of the Department, that is required to be met or possessed by a system, product, serv-ice, result, or component to satisfy a con-tract, standard, specification, or other for-mally imposed document; ‘‘(3) the term ‘Joint Task Force’ means a Joint Task Force established under sub-section (e) when the scope, complexity, or other factors of the crisis or issue require ca-pabilities of 2 or more components of the De-partment operating under the guidance of a single Director; and ‘‘(4) the term ‘situational awareness’ means knowledge and unified understanding of unlawful cross-border activity, including— ‘‘(A) threats and trends concerning illicit trafficking and unlawful crossings; ‘‘(B) the ability to forecast future shifts in such threats and trends; ‘‘(C) the ability to evaluate such threats and trends at a level sufficient to create ac-tionable plans; and ‘‘(D) the operational capability to conduct continuous and integrated surveillance of the air, land, and maritime borders of the United States. ‘‘(b) D
EPARTMENT LEADERSHIP COUNCILS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may establish such Department leadership coun-cils as the Secretary determines necessary to ensure coordination among leadership in the Department. ‘‘(2) F
UNCTION .—Department leadership councils shall— ‘‘(A) serve as coordinating forums; ‘‘(B) advise the Secretary and Deputy Sec-retary on Department strategy, operations, and guidance; and ‘‘(C) consider and report on such other matters as the Secretary or Deputy Sec-retary may direct. ‘‘(3) C
HAIRPERSON ; MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Secretary or a designee may serve as chairperson of a De-partment leadership council. ‘‘(B) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Secretary shall de-termine the membership of a Department leadership council. ‘‘(4) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FORUMS .—The Secretary or Deputy Secretary may delegate the authority to direct the implementation of any decision or guidance resulting from the action of a Department leadership coun-cil to any office, component, coordinator, or other senior official of the Department. ‘‘(c) J
OINT REQUIREMENTS COUNCIL .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Department a Joint Require-ments Council. ‘‘(2) M
ISSION .—In addition to other matters assigned to it by the Secretary and Deputy Secretary, the Joint Requirements Council shall— ‘‘(A) identify, assess, and validate joint re-quirements (including existing systems and associated capability gaps) to meet mission needs of the Department; ‘‘(B) ensure that appropriate efficiencies are made among life-cycle cost, schedule, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3360 May 26, 2016 
and performance objectives, and procure-ment quantity objectives, in the establish-ment and approval of joint requirements; and ‘‘(C) make prioritized capability rec-ommendations for the joint requirements ap-proved under subparagraph (A) to the Sec-retary, the Deputy Secretary, or the chair-person of a Department leadership council designated by the Secretary to review deci-sions of the Joint Requirements Council. ‘‘(3) C
HAIR.—The Secretary shall appoint a chairperson of the Joint Requirements Coun-cil, for a term of not more than 2 years, from among senior officials from components of the Department or other senior officials as designated by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) C
OMPOSITION .—The Joint Require-ments Council shall be composed of senior officials representing components of the De-partment and other senior officials as des-ignated by the Secretary. ‘‘(5) R
ELATIONSHIP TO FUTURE YEARS HOME -
LAND SECURITY PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall ensure that the Future Years Home-land Security Program required under sec-tion 874 is consistent with the recommenda-tions of the Joint Requirements Council under paragraph (2)(C) of this subsection, as affirmed by the Secretary, the Deputy Sec-retary, or the chairperson of a Department leadership council designated by the Sec-retary under that paragraph. ‘‘(d) J
OINT OPERATIONAL PLANS .— ‘‘(1) P
LANNING AND GUIDANCE .—The Sec- retary may direct the development of Joint Operational Plans for the Department and issue planning guidance for such develop-ment. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall ensure coordination between requirements derived from Joint Operational Plans and the Future Years Homeland Security Pro-gram required under section 874. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed to affect the na-tional emergency management authorities and responsibilities of the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency under title V. ‘‘(e) J
OINT TASKFORCES .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may establish and operate Departmental Joint Task Forces to conduct joint operations using personnel and capabilities of the De-partment. ‘‘(2) J
OINT TASK FORCE DIRECTORS .— ‘‘(A) D
IRECTOR .—Each Joint Task Force shall be headed by a Director appointed by the Secretary for a term of not more than 2 years, who shall be a senior official of the Department. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may ex-tend the appointment of a Director of a Joint Task Force for not more than 2 years if the Secretary determines that such an ex-tension is in the best interest of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(3) J
OINT TASK FORCE DEPUTY DIRECTORS .— For each Joint Task Force, the Secretary shall appoint a Deputy Director who shall be an official of a different component or office than the Director of the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(4) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director of a Joint Task Force, subject to the oversight, direction, and guidance of the Secretary, shall— ‘‘(A) maintain situational awareness with-in the areas of responsibility of the Joint Task Force, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(B) provide operational plans and require-ments for standard operating procedures and contingency operations; ‘‘(C) plan and execute joint task force ac-tivities within the areas of responsibility of the Joint Task Force, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(D) set and accomplish strategic objec-tives through integrated operational plan-ning and execution; ‘‘(E) exercise operational direction over personnel and equipment from components and offices of the Department allocated to the Joint Task Force to accomplish the ob-jectives of the Joint Task Force; ‘‘(F) establish operational and investiga-tive priorities within the operating areas of the Joint Task Force; ‘‘(G) coordinate with foreign governments and other Federal, State, and local agencies, as appropriate, to carry out the mission of the Joint Task Force; and ‘‘(H) carry out other duties and powers the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(5) PERSONNEL AND RESOURCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may, upon request of the Director of a Joint Task Force, and giving appropriate consideration of risk to the other primary missions of the Department, allocate on a temporary basis personnel and equipment of components and offices of the Department to a Joint Task Force. ‘‘(B) C
OST NEUTRALITY .—A Joint Task Force may not require more personnel, equipment, or resources than would be re-quired by components of the Department in the absence of the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(C) L
OCATION OF OPERATIONS .—In estab- lishing a location of operations for a Joint Task Force, the Secretary shall, to the ex-tent practicable, use existing facilities that integrate efforts of components of the De-partment and State, local, tribal, or terri-torial law enforcement or military entities. ‘‘(D) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall, at the time the budget of the President is sub-mitted to Congress for a fiscal year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report on the total funding, personnel, and other resources that each component of the Department allocated to each Joint Task Force to carry out the mission of the Joint Task Force during the fiscal year immediately preceding the re-port. ‘‘(6) C
OMPONENT RESOURCE AUTHORITY .—As directed by the Secretary— ‘‘(A) each Director of a Joint Task Force shall be provided sufficient resources from relevant components and offices of the De-partment and the authority necessary to carry out the missions and responsibilities required under this section; ‘‘(B) the resources referred to in subpara-graph (A) shall be under the operational au-thority, direction, and control of the Direc-tor of the Joint Task Force to which the re-sources are assigned; and ‘‘(C) the personnel and equipment of each Joint Task Force shall remain under the ad-ministrative direction of the executive agent for the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(7) J
OINT TASK FORCE STAFF .—Each Joint Task Force shall have a staff, composed of officials from relevant components, to assist the Director in carrying out the mission and responsibilities of the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(8) E
STABLISHMENT OF PERFORMANCE  
METRICS .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) establish outcome-based and other ap-propriate performance metrics to evaluate the effectiveness of each Joint Task Force; ‘‘(B) not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this section, submit the metrics established under subparagraph (A) to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(C) not later than January 31 of each year beginning in 2017, submit to each committee described in subparagraph (B) a report that contains the evaluation described in sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(9) JOINT DUTY TRAINING PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) establish a joint duty training pro-gram in the Department for the purposes of— ‘‘(I) enhancing coordination within the De-partment; and ‘‘(II) promoting workforce professional de-velopment; and ‘‘(ii) tailor the joint duty training program to improve joint operations as part of the Joint Task Forces. ‘‘(B) E
LEMENTS .—The joint duty training program established under subparagraph (A) shall address, at a minimum, the following topics: ‘‘(i) National security strategy. ‘‘(ii) Strategic and contingency planning. ‘‘(iii) Command and control of operations under joint command. ‘‘(iv) International engagement. ‘‘(v) The homeland security enterprise. ‘‘(vi) Interagency collaboration. ‘‘(vii) Leadership. ‘‘(viii) Specific subject matter relevant to the Joint Task Force to which the joint duty training program is assigned. ‘‘(C) T
RAINING REQUIRED .— ‘‘(i) D
IRECTORS AND DEPUTY DIRECTORS .— Except as provided in clauses (iii) and (iv), an individual shall complete the joint duty training program before being appointed Di-rector or Deputy Director of a Joint Task Force. ‘‘(ii) J
OINT TASK FORCE STAFF .—Each offi-cial serving on the staff of a Joint Task Force shall complete the joint duty training program within the first year of assignment to the Joint Task Force. ‘‘(iii) E
XCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply to the first Director or Deputy Direc-tor appointed to a Joint Task Force on or after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(iv) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive clause (i) if the Secretary determines that such a waiver is in the interest of homeland security. ‘‘(10) E
STABLISHING JOINT TASK FORCES .— Subject to paragraph (13), the Secretary may establish Joint Task Forces for the purposes of— ‘‘(A) coordinating and directing operations along the land and maritime borders of the United States; ‘‘(B) cybersecurity; and ‘‘(C) preventing, preparing for, and re-sponding to other homeland security mat-ters, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(11) N
OTIFICATION OF JOINT TASK FORCE  
FORMATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days before establishing a Joint Task Force under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit a notification to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(B) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may waive the requirement under subpara-graph (A) in the event of an emergency cir-cumstance that imminently threatens the protection of human life or the protection of property. ‘‘(12) R
EVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Inspector General of the Department shall conduct a review of the Joint Task Forces established under this subsection. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The review required under subparagraph (A) shall include— ‘‘(i) an assessment of the effectiveness of the structure of each Joint Task Force; and ‘‘(ii) recommendations for enhancements to that structure to strengthen the effective-ness of the Joint Task Force. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3361 May 26, 2016 
‘‘(C) S UBMISSION .—The Inspector General of the Department shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives— ‘‘(i) an initial report that contains the evaluation described in subparagraph (A) by not later than January 31, 2018; and ‘‘(ii) a second report that contains the evaluation described in subparagraph (A) by not later than January 31, 2021. ‘‘(13) L
IMITATION ON JOINT TASK FORCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not establish a Joint Task Force for any major disaster or emergency declared under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) or an incident for which the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency has primary re-sponsibility for management of the response under title V of this Act, including section 504(a)(3)(A), unless the responsibilities of the Joint Task Force— ‘‘(i) do not include operational functions related to incident management, including coordination of operations; and ‘‘(ii) are consistent with the requirements of paragraphs (3) and (4)(A) of section 503(c) and section 509(c) of this Act and section 302 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5143). ‘‘(B) R
ESPONSIBILITIES AND FUNCTIONS NOT  
REDUCED .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to reduce the responsibilities or functions of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency or the Administrator thereof under title V of this Act and any other provi-sion of law, including the diversion of any asset, function, or mission from the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Ad-ministrator thereof pursuant to section 506. ‘‘(f) J
OINT DUTY ASSIGNMENT PROGRAM .— The Secretary may establish a joint duty as-signment program within the Department for the purposes of enhancing coordination in the Department and promoting workforce professional development.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 707 the following: ‘‘Sec. 708. Department coordination.’’. 
SEC. 6103. NATIONAL OPERATIONS CENTER. 
Section 515 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘emergency managers and decision makers’’ and inserting ‘‘emergency managers, decision makers, and other appro-priate officials’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and steady-state activ-ity’’ before the period at the end; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘and tribal governments’’ and inserting ‘‘tribal, and territorial govern-ments, the private sector, and international partners’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘in the event of’’ and in-serting ‘‘for events, threats, and incidents involving’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) enter into agreements with other Fed-eral operations centers and other homeland security partners, as appropriate, to facili-tate the sharing of information.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (4) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Each Fed-eral agency shall provide the National Oper-ations Center with timely information— ‘‘(1) relating to events, threats, and inci-dents involving a natural disaster, act of ter-rorism, or other man-made disaster; ‘‘(2) concerning the status and potential vulnerability of the critical infrastructure and key resources of the United States; ‘‘(3) relevant to the mission of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; or ‘‘(4) as may be requested by the Secretary under section 202.’’; and (5) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘FIRESERVICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘E MERGENCY  R
ESPONDER ’’; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF POSITIONS .—The Secretary shall establish a position, on a ro-tating basis, for a representative of State and local emergency responders at the Na-tional Operations Center established under subsection (b) to ensure the effective sharing of information between the Federal Govern-ment and State and local emergency re-sponse services.’’; (C) by striking paragraph (2); and (D) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). 
SEC. 6104. HOMELAND SECURITY ADVISORY COUNCIL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) shall establish a Homeland Security Advisory Council to provide advice and rec-ommendations on homeland security and homeland security-related matters.’’. 
SEC. 6105. STRATEGY, POLICY, AND PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 709. OFFICE OF STRATEGY, POLICY, AND PLANS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established in the Department an Office of Strategy, Pol-icy, and Plans. ‘‘(b) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—The Office of Strat-egy, Policy, and Plans shall be headed by an Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans, who shall serve as the principal policy advisor to the Secretary and be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .—The Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans shall— ‘‘(1) lead, conduct, and coordinate Depart-ment-wide policy development and imple-mentation and strategic planning; ‘‘(2) develop and coordinate policies to pro-mote and ensure quality, consistency, and integration for the programs, offices, and ac-tivities across the Department; ‘‘(3) develop and coordinate strategic plans and long-term goals of the Department with risk-based analysis and planning to improve operational mission effectiveness, including leading and conducting the quadrennial homeland security review under section 707; ‘‘(4) manage Department leadership coun-cils and provide analytics and support to such councils; ‘‘(5) manage international coordination and engagement for the Department; ‘‘(6) review and incorporate, as appro-priate, external stakeholder feedback into Department policy; and ‘‘(7) carry out such other responsibilities as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION BY DEPARTMENT COMPO -
NENTS .—To ensure consistency with the pol-icy priorities of the Department, the head of each component of the Department shall co-ordinate with the Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans in establishing or modifying poli-cies or strategic planning guidance. ‘‘(e) HOMELAND SECURITY STATISTICS AND  J
OINT ANALYSIS .— ‘‘(1) H
OMELAND SECURITY STATISTICS .—The Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans shall— ‘‘(A) establish standards of reliability and validity for statistical data collected and analyzed by the Department; ‘‘(B) be provided with statistical data maintained by the Department regarding the operations of the Department; ‘‘(C) conduct or oversee analysis and re-porting of such data by the Department as required by law or directed by the Secretary; and ‘‘(D) ensure the accuracy of metrics and statistical data provided to Congress. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF RESPONSIBILITIES .—There shall be transferred to the Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans the mainte-nance of all immigration statistical informa-tion of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices, which shall include information and statistics of the type contained in the publi-cation entitled ‘Yearbook of Immigration Statistics’ prepared by the Office of Immi-gration Statistics, including region-by-re-gion statistics on the aggregate number of applications and petitions filed by an alien (or filed on behalf of an alien) and denied, and the reasons for such denials, disaggregated by category of denial and ap-plication or petition type.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by this Act, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 708 the following: ‘‘Sec. 709. Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans.’’. 
SEC. 6106. AUTHORIZATION OF THE OFFICE FOR PARTNERSHIPS AGAINST VIOLENT EXTREMISM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (1) by inserting after section 801 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 802. OFFICE FOR PARTNERSHIPS AGAINST VIOLENT EXTREMISM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘As-sistant Secretary’ means the Assistant Sec-retary for Partnerships Against Violent Ex-tremism designated under subsection (c). ‘‘(3) C
OUNTERING VIOLENT EXTREMISM .—The term ‘countering violent extremism’ means proactive and relevant actions to counter re-cruitment, radicalization, and mobilization to violence and to address the immediate factors that lead to violent extremism and radicalization. ‘‘(4) D
OMESTIC TERRORISM ; INTERNATIONAL  
TERRORISM .—The terms ‘domestic terrorism’ and ‘international terrorism’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(5) R
ADICALIZATION .—The term ‘radicalization’ means the process by which an individual chooses to facilitate or commit domestic terrorism or international ter-rorism. ‘‘(6) V
IOLENT EXTREMISM .—The term ‘vio-lent extremism’ means international or do-mestic terrorism. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is in the De-partment an Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3362 May 26, 2016 
‘‘(c) H EAD OF OFFICE .—The Office for Part-nerships Against Violent Extremism shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for Part-nerships Against Violent Extremism, who shall be designated by the Secretary and re-port directly to the Secretary. ‘‘(d) D
EPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY ; AS-
SIGNMENT OF PERSONNEL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) designate a career Deputy Assistant Secretary for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism; and ‘‘(2) assign or hire, as appropriate, perma-nent staff to the Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism. ‘‘(e) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary shall be responsible for the following: ‘‘(A) Leading the efforts of the Department to counter violent extremism across all the components and offices of the Department that conduct strategic and supportive efforts to counter violent extremism. Such efforts shall include the following: ‘‘(i) Partnering with communities to ad-dress vulnerabilities that can be exploited by violent extremists in the United States and explore potential remedies for Government and non-government institutions. ‘‘(ii) Working with civil society groups and communities to counter violent extremist propaganda, messaging, or recruitment. ‘‘(iii) In coordination with the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the De-partment, managing the outreach and en-gagement efforts of the Department directed toward communities at risk for radicalization and recruitment for violent extremist activities. ‘‘(iv) Ensuring relevant information, re-search, and products inform efforts to counter violent extremism. ‘‘(v) Developing and maintaining Depart-ment-wide strategy, plans, policies, and pro-grams to counter violent extremism. Such plans shall, at a minimum, address each of the following: ‘‘(I) The Department’s plan to leverage new and existing Internet and other technologies and social media platforms to improve non- government efforts to counter violent extre-mism, as well as the best practices and les-sons learned from other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and foreign partners engaged in similar counter-messaging ef-forts. ‘‘(II) The Department’s countering violent extremism-related engagement efforts. ‘‘(III) The use of cooperative agreements with State, local, tribal, territorial, and other Federal departments and agencies re-sponsible for efforts relating to countering violent extremism. ‘‘(vi) Coordinating with the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department to ensure all of the activities of the Depart-ment related to countering violent extre-mism fully respect the privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties of all persons. ‘‘(vii) In coordination with the Under Sec-retary for Science and Technology and in consultation with the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, identifying and recommending new empirical research and analysis requirements to ensure the dissemi-nation of information and methods for Fed-eral, State, local, tribal, and territorial countering violent extremism practitioners, officials, law enforcement personnel, and non-governmental partners to utilize such research and analysis. ‘‘(viii) Assessing the methods used by vio-lent extremists to disseminate propaganda and messaging to communities at risk for re-cruitment by violent extremists. ‘‘(B) Developing a digital engagement strategy that expands the outreach efforts of the Department to counter violent extremist messaging by— ‘‘(i) exploring ways to utilize relevant Internet and other technologies and social media platforms; and ‘‘(ii) maximizing other resources available to the Department. ‘‘(C) Serving as the primary representative of the Department in coordinating coun-tering violent extremism efforts with other Federal departments and agencies and non- governmental organizations. ‘‘(D) Serving as the primary Department- level representative in coordinating with the Department of State on international coun-tering violent extremism issues. ‘‘(E) In coordination with the Adminis-trator, providing guidance regarding the use of grants made to State, local, and tribal governments under sections 2003 and 2004 under the allowable uses guidelines related to countering violent extremism. ‘‘(F) Developing a plan to expand philan-thropic support for domestic efforts related to countering violent extremism, including by identifying viable community projects and needs for possible philanthropic support. ‘‘(2) C
OMMUNITIES AT RISK .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘communities at risk’ shall not include a community that is determined to be at risk solely on the basis of race, religious affiliation, or ethnicity. ‘‘(f) S
TRATEGY TO COUNTER VIOLENT EXTRE -
MISM IN THE UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives a comprehensive Department strategy to counter violent extremism in the United States. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF STRATEGY .—The strategy required under paragraph (1) shall, at a min-imum, address each of the following: ‘‘(A) The Department’s digital engagement effort, including a plan to leverage new and existing Internet, digital, and other tech-nologies and social media platforms to counter violent extremism, as well as the best practices and lessons learned from other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, non-governmental, and foreign partners engaged in similar counter-messaging activities. ‘‘(B) The Department’s countering violent extremism-related engagement and outreach activities. ‘‘(C) The use of cooperative agreements with State, local, tribal, territorial, and other Federal departments and agencies re-sponsible for activities relating to coun-tering violent extremism. ‘‘(D) Ensuring all activities related to countering violent extremism adhere to rel-evant Department and applicable Depart-ment of Justice guidance regarding privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties, including safeguards against discrimination. ‘‘(E) The development of qualitative and quantitative outcome-based metrics to evaluate the Department’s programs and policies to counter violent extremism. ‘‘(F) An analysis of the homeland security risk posed by violent extremism based on the threat environment and empirical data as-sessing terrorist activities and incidents, and violent extremist propaganda, messaging, or recruitment. ‘‘(G) Information on the Department’s near-term, mid-term, and long-term risk- based goals for countering violent extre-mism, reflecting the risk analysis conducted under subparagraph (F). ‘‘(3) STRATEGIC CONSIDERATIONS .—In draft- ing the strategy required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider including the following: ‘‘(A) Departmental efforts to undertake re-search to improve the Department’s under-standing of the risk of violent extremism and to identify ways to improve countering violent extremism activities and programs, including outreach, training, and informa-tion sharing programs. ‘‘(B) The Department’s nondiscrimination policies as they relate to countering violent extremism. ‘‘(C) Departmental efforts to help promote community engagement and partnerships to counter violent extremism in furtherance of the strategy. ‘‘(D) Departmental efforts to help increase support for programs and initiatives to counter violent extremism of other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, nongovern-mental, and foreign partners that are in fur-therance of the strategy, and which adhere to all relevant constitutional, legal, and pri-vacy protections. ‘‘(E) Departmental efforts to disseminate to local law enforcement agencies and the general public information on resources, such as training guidance, workshop reports, and the violent extremist threat, through multiple platforms, including the develop-ment of a dedicated webpage, and informa-tion regarding the effectiveness of those ef-forts. ‘‘(F) Departmental efforts to use coopera-tive agreements with State, local, tribal, ter-ritorial, and other Federal departments and agencies responsible for efforts relating to countering violent extremism, and informa-tion regarding the effectiveness of those ef-forts. ‘‘(G) Information on oversight mechanisms and protections to ensure that activities and programs undertaken pursuant to the strat-egy adhere to all relevant constitutional, legal, and privacy protections. ‘‘(H) Departmental efforts to conduct over-sight of all countering violent extremism training and training materials and other re-sources developed or funded by the Depart-ment. ‘‘(I) Departmental efforts to foster trans-parency by making, to the extent prac-ticable, all regulations, guidance, docu-ments, policies, and training materials pub-licly available, including through any webpage developed under subparagraph (E). ‘‘(4) S
TRATEGIC IMPLEMENTATION PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary sub-mits the strategy required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives an implementation plan for each of the compo-nents and offices of the Department with re-sponsibilities under the strategy. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The implementation plan required under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude an integrated master schedule and cost estimate for activities and programs con-tained in the implementation plan, with specificity on how each such activity and program aligns with near-term, mid-term, and long-term goals specified in the strategy required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than April 1, 2017, and annually thereafter, the Assist-ant Secretary shall submit to Congress an annual report on the Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism, which shall in-clude the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3363 May 26, 2016 
‘‘(1) A description of the status of the pro-grams and policies of the Department for countering violent extremism in the United States. ‘‘(2) A description of the efforts of the Of-fice for Partnerships Against Violent Extre-mism to cooperate with and provide assist-ance to other Federal departments and agen-cies. ‘‘(3) Qualitative and quantitative metrics for evaluating the success of such programs and policies and the steps taken to evaluate the success of such programs and policies. ‘‘(4) An accounting of— ‘‘(A) grants and cooperative agreements awarded by the Department to counter vio-lent extremism; and ‘‘(B) all training specifically aimed at countering violent extremism sponsored by the Department. ‘‘(5) An analysis of how the Department’s activities to counter violent extremism cor-respond and adapt to the threat environ-ment. ‘‘(6) A summary of how civil rights and civil liberties are protected in the Depart-ment’s activities to counter violent extre-mism. ‘‘(7) An evaluation of the use of section 2003 and section 2004 grants and cooperative agreements awarded to support efforts of local communities in the United States to counter violent extremism, including infor-mation on the effectiveness of such grants and cooperative agreements in countering violent extremism. ‘‘(8) A description of how the Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism in-corporated lessons learned from the coun-tering violent extremism programs and poli-cies of foreign, State, local, tribal, and terri-torial governments and stakeholder commu-nities. ‘‘(h) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, and every year thereafter, the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the De-partment shall— ‘‘(1) conduct a review of the Office for Part-nerships Against Violent Extremism activi-ties to ensure that all of the activities of the Office related to countering violent extre-mism respect the privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties of all persons; and ‘‘(2) make publicly available on the website of the Department a report containing the results of the review conducted under para-graph (1).’’; and (2) in section 2008(b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to support any organization or group which has knowingly or recklessly funded domestic terrorism or international ter-rorism (as those terms are defined in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code) or orga-nization or group known to engage in or re-cruit to such activities, as determined by the Assistant Secretary for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism in consultation with the Administrator and the heads of other appro-priate Federal departments and agencies.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by this Act, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 801 the following: ‘‘Sec. 802. Office for Partnerships Against Violent Extremism.’’. (c) S
UNSET .—Effective on the date that is 7 years after the date of enactment of this Act— (1) section 802 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), is re-pealed; and (2) the table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 802. TITLE LXXII—DEPARTMENT ACCOUNT-ABILITY, EFFICIENCY, AND WORKFORCE REFORMS SEC. 6201. DUPLICATION REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (1) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, complete a review of the international affairs offices, functions, and responsibilities of the Department to identify and eliminate areas of unnecessary duplication; and (2) not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary completes the review under paragraph (1), provide the results of the review to the congressional homeland se-curity committees. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees an action plan, including corrective steps and an esti-mated date of completion, to address areas of duplication, fragmentation, and overlap and opportunities for cost savings and revenue enhancement, as identified by the Govern-ment Accountability Office based on the an-nual report of the Government Account-ability Office entitled ‘‘Additional Opportu-nities to Reduce Fragmentation, Overlap, and Duplication and Achieve Other Financial Benefits’’. (c) E
XCLUSION .—This section shall not apply to international activities related to the protective mission of the United States Secret Service, or to the Coast Guard when operating under the direct authority of the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of the Navy. 
SEC. 6202. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STRA-TEGIC PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 703 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
TRATEGIC PLANS .—Consistent with the timing set forth in section 306(a) of title 5, United States Code, and the requirements under section 3506 of title 44, United States Code, the Chief Information Officer shall de-velop, make public, and submit to the con-gressional homeland security committees an information technology strategic plan, which shall include how— ‘‘(1) information technology will be lever-aged to meet the priority goals and strategic objectives of the Department; ‘‘(2) the budget of the Department aligns with priorities specified in the information technology strategic plan; ‘‘(3) unnecessary duplicative, legacy, and outdated information technology within and across the Department will be identified and eliminated, and an estimated date for the identification and elimination of duplicative information technology within and across the Department; ‘‘(4) the Chief Information Officer will co-ordinate with components of the Department to ensure that information technology poli-cies are effectively and efficiently imple-mented across the Department; ‘‘(5) a list of information technology projects, including completion dates, will be made available to the public and Congress; ‘‘(6) the Chief Information Officer will in-form Congress of high risk projects and cy-bersecurity risks; and ‘‘(7) the Chief Information Officer plans to maximize the use and purchase of commer-cial off-the-shelf information technology products and services.’’. SEC. 6203. SOFTWARE LICENSING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 703 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343), as amended by section 6202 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
OFTWARE LICENSING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, and every 2 years thereafter, the Chief Information Officer, in consultation with Chief Information Officers of compo-nents of the Department, shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a Department-wide inventory of all existing software licenses held by the Department, including utilized and unuti-lized licenses; ‘‘(B) assess the needs of the Department for software licenses for the subsequent 2 fiscal years; ‘‘(C) assess the actions that could be car-ried out by the Department to achieve the greatest possible economies of scale and cost savings in the procurement of software li-censes; ‘‘(D) determine how the use of techno-logical advancements will impact the needs for software licenses for the subsequent 2 fis-cal years; ‘‘(E) establish plans and estimated costs for eliminating unutilized software licenses for the subsequent 2 fiscal years; and ‘‘(F) consult with the Federal Chief Infor-mation Officer to identify best practices in the Federal government for purchasing and maintaining software licenses. ‘‘(2) E
XCESS SOFTWARE LICENSING .— ‘‘(A) P
LAN TO REDUCE SOFTWARE LICENSES .— If the Chief Information Officer determines through the inventory conducted under para-graph (1)(A) that the number of software li-censes held by the Department exceed the needs of the Department as assessed under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary, not later than 90 days after the date on which the in-ventory is completed, shall establish a plan for bringing the number of such software li-censes into balance with such needs of the Department. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION ON PROCUREMENT OF EX -
CESS SOFTWARE LICENSES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), upon completion of a plan estab-lished under paragraph (1)(A), no additional budgetary resources may be obligated for the procurement of additional software licenses of the same types until such time as the needs of the Department equals or exceeds the number of used and unused licenses held by the Department. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The Chief Information Officer may authorize the purchase of addi-tional licenses and amend the number of needed licenses as necessary. ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Chief Information Officer shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a copy of each inventory conducted under paragraph (1)(A), each plan established under paragraph (2)(A), and each exception exercised under paragraph (2)(B)(ii).’’. (b) GAO R
EVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the results of the first inventory are submitted to Congress under subsection 703(d) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall assess whether the Department com-plied with the requirements under para-graphs (1) and (2)(A) of such section 703(d) and provide the results of the review to the congressional homeland security commit-tees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3364 May 26, 2016 
SEC. 6204. WORKFORCE STRATEGY. 
Section 704 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 704. CHIEF HUMAN CAPITAL OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is a Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department, who shall report directly to the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—In addition to the responsibilities set forth in chapter 14 of title 5, United States Code, and other appli-cable law, the Chief Human Capital Officer shall— ‘‘(1) develop and implement strategic workforce planning policies that are con-sistent with Government-wide leading prin-ciples and in line with Department strategic human capital goals and priorities; ‘‘(2) develop performance measures to pro-vide a basis for monitoring and evaluating Department-wide strategic workforce plan-ning efforts; ‘‘(3) develop, improve, and implement poli-cies, including compensation flexibilities available to Federal agencies where appro-priate, to recruit, hire, train, and retain the workforce of the Department, in coordina-tion with all components of the Department; ‘‘(4) identify methods for managing and overseeing human capital programs and ini-tiatives, in coordination with the head of each component of the Department; ‘‘(5) develop a career path framework and create opportunities for leader development in coordination with all components of the Department; ‘‘(6) lead the efforts of the Department for managing employee resources, including training and development opportunities, in coordination with each component of the De-partment; ‘‘(7) work to ensure the Department is im-plementing human capital programs and ini-tiatives and effectively educating each com-ponent of the Department about these pro-grams and initiatives; ‘‘(8) identify and eliminate unnecessary and duplicative human capital policies and guidance; ‘‘(9) provide input concerning the hiring and performance of the Chief Human Capital Officer or comparable official in each compo-nent of the Department; and ‘‘(10) ensure that all employees of the De-partment are informed of their rights and remedies under chapters 12 and 23 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(c) C
OMPONENT STRATEGIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each component of the Department shall, in coordination with the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Depart-ment, develop a 5-year workforce strategy for the component that will support the goals, objectives, and performance measures of the Department for determining the prop-er balance of Federal employees and private labor resources. ‘‘(2) S
TRATEGY REQUIREMENTS .—In devel- oping the strategy required under paragraph (1), each component shall consider the effect on human resources associated with creating additional Federal full-time equivalent posi-tions, converting private contractors to Fed-eral employees, or relying on the private sec-tor for goods and services, including— ‘‘(A) hiring projections, including occupa-tion and grade level, as well as corresponding salaries, benefits, and hiring or retention bo-nuses; ‘‘(B) the identification of critical skills re-quirements over the 5-year period, any cur-rent or anticipated deficiency in critical skills required at the Department, and the training or other measures required to ad-dress those deficiencies in skills; ‘‘(C) recruitment of qualified candidates and retention of qualified employees; ‘‘(D) supervisory and management require-ments; ‘‘(E) travel and related personnel support costs; ‘‘(F) the anticipated cost and impact on mission performance associated with replac-ing Federal personnel due to their retire-ment or other attrition; and ‘‘(G) other appropriate factors. ‘‘(d) ANNUAL SUBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the annual budget justification for the Department, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional homeland security com-mittees a report that includes a table, delin-eated by component with actual and enacted amounts, including— ‘‘(1) information on the progress within the Department of fulfilling the workforce strat-egies developed under subsection (c); and ‘‘(2) the number of on-board staffing for Federal employees from the prior fiscal year; ‘‘(3) the total contract hours submitted by each prime contractor as part of the service contract inventory required under section 743 of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2010 (divi-sion C of Public Law 111–117; 31 U.S.C. 501 note) with respect to— ‘‘(A) support service contracts; ‘‘(B) federally funded research and develop-ment center contracts; and ‘‘(C) science, engineering, technical, and administrative contracts; and ‘‘(4) the number of full-time equivalent personnel identified under the Intergovern-mental Personnel Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 6205. WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 883 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 463) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 883. WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘new employee’ means an in-dividual— ‘‘(A) appointed to a position as an em-ployee of the Department on or after the date of enactment of the DHS Account-ability Act of 2016; and ‘‘(B) who has not previously served as an employee of the Department; ‘‘(2) the term ‘prohibited personnel action’ means taking or failing to take an action in violation of paragraph (8) or (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, Untied States Code, against an employee of the Department; ‘‘(3) the term ‘supervisor’ means a super-visor, as defined under section 7103(a) of title 5, United States Code, who is employed by the Department; and ‘‘(4) the term ‘whistleblower protections’ means the protections against and remedies for a prohibited personnel practice described in paragraph (8) or subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of paragraph (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(b) A
DVERSE ACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROPOSED ADVERSE ACTIONS .—In ac- cordance with paragraph (2), the Secretary shall propose against a supervisor whom the Secretary, an administrative law judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Office of Special Counsel, an adjudicating body pro-vided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or the Inspector General of the De-partment determines committed a prohib-ited personnel action the following adverse actions: ‘‘(A) With respect to the first prohibited personnel action, an adverse action that is not less than a 12-day suspension. ‘‘(B) With respect to the second prohibited personnel action, removal. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE .—A supervisor against whom an adverse action under paragraph (1) is pro-posed is entitled to written notice. ‘‘(B) ANSWER AND EVIDENCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A supervisor who is noti-fied under subparagraph (A) that the super-visor is the subject of a proposed adverse ac-tion under paragraph (1) is entitled to 14 days following such notification to answer and furnish evidence in support of the an-swer. ‘‘(ii) N
O EVIDENCE .—After the end of the 14- day period described in clause (i), if a super-visor does not furnish evidence as described in clause (i) or if the Secretary determines that such evidence is not sufficient to re-verse the proposed adverse action, the Sec-retary shall carry out the adverse action. ‘‘(C) S
COPE OF PROCEDURES .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7513 of title 5, United States Code, and paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7543 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply with re-spect to an adverse action carried out under this subsection. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON OTHER ADVERSE AC -
TIONS .—With respect to a prohibited per-sonnel action, if the Secretary carries out an adverse action against a supervisor under an-other provision of law, the Secretary may carry out an additional adverse action under this subsection based on the same prohibited personnel action. ‘‘(c) T
RAINING FOR SUPERVISORS .—In con- sultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the Department, the Secretary shall provide training regarding how to respond to complaints alleging a vio-lation of whistleblower protections available to employees of the Department— ‘‘(1) to employees appointed to supervisory positions in the Department who have not previously served as a supervisor; and ‘‘(2) on an annual basis, to all employees of the Department serving in a supervisory po-sition. ‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION ON WHISTLEBLOWER PRO-
TECTIONS .— ‘‘(1) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall be responsible for— ‘‘(A) the prevention of prohibited personnel practices; ‘‘(B) the compliance with and enforcement of applicable civil service laws, rules, and regulations and other aspects of personnel management; and ‘‘(C) ensuring (in consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the Department) that employees of the De-partment are informed of the rights and rem-edies available to them under chapters 12 and 23 of title 5, United States Code, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) information regarding whistleblower protections available to new employees dur-ing the probationary period; ‘‘(ii) the role of the Office of Special Coun-sel and the Merit Systems Protection Board with regard to whistleblower protections; and ‘‘(iii) how to make a lawful disclosure of information that is specifically required by law or Executive order to be kept classified in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs to the Special Counsel, the Inspector General of the De-partment, Congress, or other Department employee designated to receive such disclo-sures. ‘‘(2) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall ensure that the information required to be provided under paragraph (1) is provided to each new employee of the Department not later than 6 months after the date the new employee is appointed. ‘‘(3) I
NFORMATION ONLINE .—The Secretary shall make available information regarding whistleblower protections applicable to em-ployees of the Department on the public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3365 May 26, 2016 
website of the Department, and on any on-line portal that is made available only to employees of the Department. ‘‘(4) D
ELEGEES .—Any employee to whom the Secretary delegates authority for per-sonnel management, or for any aspect there-of, shall, within the limits of the scope of the delegation, be responsible for the activities described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to exempt the Department from requirements applicable with respect to executive agencies— ‘‘(1) to provide equal employment protec-tion for employees of the Department (in-cluding pursuant to section 2302(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, and the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note)); or ‘‘(2) to provide whistleblower protections for employees of the Department (including pursuant to paragraphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, and the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note)).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 883 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 883. Whistleblower protections.’’. 
SEC. 6206. COST SAVINGS AND EFFICIENCY RE-VIEWS. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Manage-ment, shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report, which may include a classified or other ap-propriately controlled annex containing any information required to be submitted under this section that is restricted from public disclosure in accordance with Federal law, including information that is not publicly releasable, that— (1) provides a detailed accounting of the management and administrative expendi-tures and activities of each component of the Department and identifies potential cost savings, avoidances, and efficiencies for those expenditures and activities; (2) examines major physical assets of the Department, as defined by the Secretary; (3) reviews the size, experience level, and geographic distribution of the operational personnel of the Department; (4) makes recommendations for adjust-ments in the management and administra-tion of the Department that would reduce deficiencies in the capabilities of the Depart-ment, reduce costs, and enhance efficiencies; and (5) examines— (A) how employees who carry out manage-ment and administrative functions at De-partment headquarters coordinate with em-ployees who carry out similar functions at— (i) each component of the Department; (ii) the Office of Personnel Management; and (iii) the General Services Administration; and (B) whether any unnecessary duplication, overlap, or fragmentation exists with respect to those functions. 
SEC. 6207. ABOLISHMENT OF CERTAIN OFFICES. 
(a) A BOLISHMENT OF THE DIRECTOR OF  S
HARED SERVICES .—The position of Director of Shared Services in the Department is abolished. (b) A
BOLISHMENT OF THE OFFICE OF THE DI-
RECTOR OF COUNTERNARCOTICS ENFORCE -
MENT .— (1) ABOLISHMENT .—The Office of the Direc-tor of Counternarcotics Enforcement in the Department is abolished. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 843(b)(1)(B) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 413(b)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘by—’’ and all that fol-lows through the end and inserting ‘‘by the Secretary; and’’. TITLE LXXIII—DEPARTMENT TRANSPARENCY AND ASSESSMENTS 
SEC. 6301. HOMELAND SECURITY STATISTICS AND METRICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 701 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341) is amended by striking subsection (b) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) H
OMELAND SECURITY STATISTICS AND  J
OINT ANALYSIS .— ‘‘(1) H
OMELAND SECURITY STATISTICS .—The Under Secretary for Management shall— ‘‘(A) establish standards of reliability and validity for statistical data collected and analyzed by the Department; ‘‘(B) be provided with statistical data maintained by the Department regarding the operations of the Department; ‘‘(C) conduct or oversee analysis and re-porting of such data by the Department as required by law or directed by the Secretary; and ‘‘(D) ensure the accuracy of metrics and statistical data provided to Congress. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF RESPONSIBILITIES .—There shall be transferred to the Under Secretary for Management the maintenance of all im-migration statistical information of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, which shall include information and statistics of the type contained in the publication enti-tled ‘Yearbook of Immigration Statistics’ prepared by the Office of Immigration Sta-tistics, including region-by-region statistics on the aggregate number of applications and petitions filed by an alien (or filed on behalf of an alien) and denied, and the reasons for such denials, disaggregated by category of denial and application or petition type.’’. (b) I
MMIGRATION FUNCTIONS .—Section 478(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 298(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘to the Committees on the Judiciary and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives, and to the Committees on the Judici-ary and Government Affairs of the Senate,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Committee on the Judici-ary of the Senate, the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives, and the congressional homeland security com-mittees’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) The number of persons known to have overstayed the terms of their visa, by visa type. ‘‘(J) An estimated percentage of persons believed to have overstayed their visa, by visa type. ‘‘(K) A description of immigration enforce-ment actions.’’. (c) B
ORDER SECURITY METRICS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (i) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (ii) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (iii) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (iv) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (B) C
ONSEQUENCE DELIVERY SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Consequence Delivery System’’ means the series of consequences applied by the Border Patrol to persons unlawfully entering the United States to prevent unlawful border crossing recidivism. (C) GOT AWAY .—The term ‘‘got away’’ means an unlawful border crosser who— (i) is directly or indirectly observed mak-ing an unlawful entry into the United States; and (ii) is not a turn back and is not appre-hended. (D) K
NOWN MIGRANT FLOW .—The term ‘‘known migrant flow’’ means the sum of the number of undocumented migrants— (i) interdicted at sea; (ii) identified at sea, but not interdicted; (iii) that successfully entered the United States through the maritime border; or (iv) not described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii), which were otherwise reported, with a sig-nificant degree of certainty, as having en-tered, or attempted to enter, the United States through the maritime border. (E) M
AJOR VIOLATOR .—The term ‘‘major vi-olator’’ means a person or entity that has engaged in serious criminal activities at any land, air, or sea port of entry, including— (i) possession of illicit drugs; (ii) smuggling of prohibited products; (iii) human smuggling; (iv) weapons possession; (v) use of fraudulent United States docu-ments; or (vi) other offenses that are serious enough to result in arrest. (F) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS .—The term ‘‘situational awareness’’ means knowledge and unified understanding of current unlaw-ful cross-border activity, including— (i) threats and trends concerning illicit trafficking and unlawful crossings; (ii) the ability to forecast future shifts in such threats and trends; (iii) the ability to evaluate such threats and trends at a level sufficient to create ac-tionable plans; and (iv) the operational capability to conduct persistent and integrated surveillance of the international borders of the United States. (G) T
RANSIT ZONE .—The term ‘‘transit zone’’ means the sea corridors of the western Atlantic Ocean, the Gulf of Mexico, the Car-ibbean Sea, and the eastern Pacific Ocean through which undocumented migrants and illicit drugs transit, either directly or indi-rectly, to the United States. (H) T
URN BACK .—The term ‘‘turn back’’ means an unlawful border crosser who, after making an unlawful entry into the United States, promptly returns to the country from which such crosser entered. (I) U
NLAWFUL BORDER CROSSING EFFECTIVE -
NESS RATE .—The term ‘‘unlawful border crossing effectiveness rate’’ means the per-centage that results from dividing— (i) the number of apprehensions and turn backs; and (ii) the number of apprehensions, esti-mated unlawful entries, turn backs, and got aways. (J) U
NLAWFUL ENTRY .—The term ‘‘unlawful entry’’ means an unlawful border crosser who enters the United States and is not ap-prehended by a border security component of the Department. (2) M
ETRICS FOR SECURING THE BORDER BE -
TWEEN PORTS OF ENTRY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop metrics, informed by situational awareness, to measure the effec-tiveness of security between ports of entry. The Secretary shall annually implement the metrics developed under this subsection, which shall include— (i) estimates, using alternative methodolo-gies, including recidivism data, survey data, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3366 May 26, 2016 
known-flow data, and technologically meas-ured data, of— (I) total attempted unlawful border cross-ings; (II) the rate of apprehension of attempted unlawful border crossers; and (III) the number of unlawful entries; (ii) a situational awareness achievement metric, which measures situational aware-ness achieved in each Border Patrol sector; (iii) an unlawful border crossing effective-ness rate; (iv) a probability of detection, which com-pares the estimated total unlawful border crossing attempts not detected by the Border Patrol to the unlawful border crossing effec-tiveness rate, as informed by clause (i); (v) an illicit drugs seizure rate for drugs seized by the Border Patrol, which compares the ratio of the amount and type of illicit drugs seized by the Border Patrol in any fis-cal year to the average of the amount and type of illicit drugs seized by the Border Pa-trol in the immediately preceding 5 fiscal years; (vi) a weight-to-frequency rate, which com-pares the average weight of marijuana seized per seizure by the Border Patrol in any fiscal year to such weight-to-frequency rate for the immediately preceding 5 fiscal years; (vii) estimates of the impact of the Con-sequence Delivery System on the rate of re-cidivism of unlawful border crossers over multiple fiscal years; and (viii) an examination of each consequence referred to in clause (vii), including— (I) voluntary return; (II) warrant of arrest or notice to appear; (III) expedited removal; (IV) reinstatement of removal; (V) alien transfer exit program; (VI) Operation Streamline; (VII) standard prosecution; and (VIII) Operation Against Smugglers Initia-tive on Safety and Security. (B) M
ETRICS CONSULTATION .—In developing the metrics required under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— (i) consult with the appropriate compo-nents of the Department; and (ii) as appropriate, work with other agen-cies, including the Office of Refugee Reset-tlement of the Department of Health and Human Services and the Executive Office for Immigration Review of the Department of Justice, to ensure that authoritative data sources are utilized. (C) M
ANNER OF COLLECTION .—The data used by the Secretary shall be collected and re-ported in a consistent and standardized man-ner across all Border Patrol sectors, in-formed by situational awareness. (3) M
ETRICS FOR SECURING THE BORDER AT  
PORTS OF ENTRY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop metrics, informed by situational awareness, to measure the effec-tiveness of security at ports of entry. The Secretary shall annually implement the metrics developed under this subsection, which shall include— (i) estimates, using alternative methodolo-gies, including survey data and randomized secondary screening data, of— (I) total attempted inadmissible border crossings; (II) the rate of apprehension of attempted inadmissible border crossings; and (III) the number of unlawful entries; (ii) the amount and type of illicit drugs seized by the Office of Field Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection at United States land, air, and sea ports during the previous fiscal year; (iii) an illicit drugs seizure rate for drugs seized by the Office of Field Operations, which compares the ratio of the amount and type of illicit drugs seized by the Office of Field Operations in any fiscal year to the av-erage of the amount and type of illicit drugs seized by the Office of Field Operations in the immediately preceding 5 fiscal years; (iv) in consultation with the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy and the United States Southern Command, a cocaine seizure effectiveness rate, which is the percentage resulting from dividing— (I) the amount of cocaine seized by the Of-fice of Field Operations; and (II) the total estimated cocaine flow rate at ports of entry along the land border; (v) the number of infractions related to travelers and cargo committed by major vio-lators who are apprehended by the Office of Field Operations at ports of entry, and the estimated number of such infractions com-mitted by major violators who are not appre-hended; (vi) a measurement of how border security operations affect crossing times, including— (I) a wait time ratio that compares the av-erage wait times to total commercial and private vehicular traffic volumes at each port of entry; (II) an infrastructure capacity utilization rate that measures traffic volume against the physical and staffing capacity at each port of entry; (III) a secondary examination rate that measures the frequency of secondary exami-nations at each port of entry; and (IV) an enforcement rate that measures the effectiveness of secondary examinations at detecting major violators; and (vii) a cargo scanning rate that includes— (I) a comparison of the number of high-risk cargo containers scanned by the Office of Field Operations at each United States sea-port during the fiscal year to the total num-ber of high-risk cargo containers entering the United States at each seaport during the previous fiscal year; (II) the percentage of all cargo that is con-sidered ‘‘high-risk’’ cargo; and (III) the percentage of high-risk cargo scanned— (aa) upon arrival at a United States sea-port before entering United States com-merce; and (bb) before being laden on a vessel destined for the United States. (B) METRICS CONSULTATION .—In developing the metrics required under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— (i) consult with the appropriate compo-nents of the Department; and (ii) as appropriate, work with other agen-cies, including the Office of Refugee Reset-tlement of the Department of Health and Human Services and the Executive Office for Immigration Review of the Department of Justice, to ensure that authoritative data sources are utilized. (C) M
ANNER OF COLLECTION .—The data used by the Secretary shall be collected and re-ported in a consistent and standardized man-ner across all field offices, informed by situa-tional awareness. (4) M
ETRICS FOR SECURING THE MARITIME  
BORDER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop metrics, informed by situational awareness, to measure the effec-tiveness of security in the maritime environ-ment. The Secretary shall annually imple-ment the metrics developed under this sub-section, which shall include— (i) situational awareness achieved in the maritime environment; (ii) an undocumented migrant interdiction rate, which compares the migrants inter-dicted at sea to the total known migrant flow; (iii) an illicit drugs removal rate, for drugs removed inside and outside of a transit zone, which compares the amount and type of il-licit drugs removed, including drugs aban-doned at sea, by the Department’s maritime security components in any fiscal year to the average of the amount and type of illicit drugs removed by the Department’s mari-time components for the immediately pre-ceding 5 fiscal years; (iv) in consultation with the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy and the United States Southern Command, a cocaine re-moval effectiveness rate, for cocaine re-moved inside a transit zone and outside a transit zone; which compares the amount of cocaine removed by the Department’s mari-time security components by the total docu-mented cocaine flow rate, as contained in Federal drug databases; (v) a response rate, which compares the ability of the maritime security components of the Department to respond to and resolve known maritime threats, whether inside and outside a transit zone, by placing assets on- scene, to the total number of events with re-spect to which the Department has known threat information; and (vi) an intergovernmental response rate, which compares the ability of the maritime security components of the Department or other United States Government entities to respond to and resolve actionable maritime threats, whether inside or outside the West-ern Hemisphere transit zone, by targeting maritime threats in order to detect them, and of those threats detected, the total num-ber of maritime threats interdicted or dis-rupted. (B) METRICS CONSULTATION .—In developing the metrics required under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— (i) consult with the appropriate compo-nents of the Department; and (ii) as appropriate, work with other agen-cies, including the Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, the Department of Defense, and the De-partment of Justice, to ensure that authori-tative data sources are utilized. (C) M
ANNER OF COLLECTION .—The data used by the Secretary shall be collected and re-ported in a consistent and standardized man-ner, informed by situational awareness. (5) A
IR AND MARINE SECURITY METRICS IN  
THE LAND DOMAIN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop metrics, informed by situational awareness, to measure the effec-tiveness of the aviation assets and oper-ations of the Office of Air and Marine of U.S. Customs and Border Enforcement. The Sec-retary shall annually implement the metrics developed under this subsection, which shall include— (i) an effectiveness rate, which compares Office of Air and Marine flight hours require-ments to the number of flight hours flown by such Office; (ii) a funded flight hour effectiveness rate, which compares the number of funded flight hours appropriated to the Office of Air and Marine to the number of actual flight hours flown by such Office; (iii) a readiness rate, which compares the number of aviation missions flown by the Of-fice of Air and Marine to the number of avia-tion missions cancelled by such Office due to maintenance, operations, or other causes; (iv) the number of missions cancelled by such Office due to weather compared to the total planned missions; (v) the number of subjects detected by the Office of Air and Marine through the use of unmanned aerial systems and manned air-crafts; (vi) the number of apprehensions assisted by the Office of Air and Marine through the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3367 May 26, 2016 
use of unmanned aerial systems and manned aircrafts; (vii) the number and quantity of illicit drug seizures assisted by the Office of Air and Marine through the use of unmanned aerial systems and manned aircrafts; and (viii) the number of times that usable in-telligence related to border security was ob-tained through the use of unmanned aerial systems and manned aircraft. (B) M
ETRICS CONSULTATION .—In developing the metrics required under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— (i) consult with the appropriate compo-nents of the Department; and (ii) as appropriate, work with other agen-cies, including the Department of Justice, to ensure that authoritative data sources are utilized. (C) M
ANNER OF COLLECTION .—The data used by the Secretary shall be collected and re-ported in a consistent and standardized man-ner, informed by situational awareness. (d) D
ATA TRANSPARENCY .—The Secretary shall— (1) in accordance with applicable privacy laws, make data related to apprehensions, inadmissible aliens, drug seizures, and other enforcement actions available to the public, academic research, and law enforcement communities; and (2) provide the Office of Immigration Sta-tistics of the Department with unfettered ac-cess to the data described in paragraph (1). (e) E
VALUATION BY THE GOVERNMENT AC-
COUNTABILITY OFFICE AND THE SECRETARY OF  H
OMELAND SECURITY .— (1) M
ETRICS REPORT .— (A) M
ANDATORY DISCLOSURES .—The Sec-retary shall submit an annual report con-taining the metrics required under para-graphs (2) through (5) of subsection (c) and the data and methodology used to develop such metrics to— (i) the appropriate congressional commit-tees; and (ii) the Comptroller General of the United States. (B) P
ERMISSIBLE DISCLOSURES .—The Sec- retary, for the purpose of validation and verification, may submit the annual report described in subparagraph (A) to— (i) the National Center for Border Security and Immigration; (ii) the head of a national laboratory with-in the Department laboratory network with prior expertise in border security; and (C) a Federally Funded Research and De-velopment Center sponsored by the Depart-ment. (2) GAO 
REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after receiving the first report under para-graph (1)(A), and biennially thereafter for the following 10 years, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States, shall submit a re-port to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that— (A) analyzes the suitability and statistical validity of the data and methodology con-tained in such report; and (B) includes recommendations to Congress on— (i) the feasibility of other suitable metrics that may be used to measure the effective-ness of border security; and (ii) improvements that need to be made to the metrics being used to measure the effec-tiveness of border security. (3) S
TATE OF THE BORDER REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the end of each fiscal year through fiscal year 2025, the Secretary shall submit a ‘‘State of the Border’’ report to the appropriate congressional committees that— (A) provides trends for each metric under paragraphs (2) through (5) of subsection (c) for the last 10 years, to the extent possible; (B) provides selected analysis into related aspects of illegal flow rates, including legal flows and stock estimation techniques; and (C) includes any other information that the Secretary determines appropriate. (4) METRICS UPDATE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—After submitting the final report to the Comptroller General under paragraph (1), the Secretary may re-evaluate and update any of the metrics re-quired under paragraphs (2) through (5) of subsection (c) to ensure that such metrics— (i) meet the Department’s performance management needs; and (ii) are suitable to measure the effective-ness of border security. (B) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days before updating the metrics under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall notify the appropriate congres-sional committees of such updates. 
SEC. 6302. ANNUAL HOMELAND SECURITY AS-SESSMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 210G. ANNUAL HOMELAND SECURITY AS-SESSMENT. 
‘‘(a) D EPARTMENT ANNUAL ASSESSMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 31 of each year beginning in the year after the date of enactment of this section, and each year thereafter for 7 years, the Under Sec-retary for Intelligence and Analysis shall prepare and submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report as-sessing the current threats to homeland se-curity and the capability of the Department to address those threats. ‘‘(2) F
ORM OF REPORT .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Under Secretary for Intel-ligence and Analysis shall submit an unclas-sified report, and as necessary, a classified annex. ‘‘(b) O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL ANNUAL  A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a report required under subsection (a) is submitted to the congres-sional homeland security committees, the Inspector General of the Department shall prepare and submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report, which shall include an assessment of the ca-pability of the Department to address the threats identified in the report required under subsection (a) and recommendations for actions to mitigate those threats. ‘‘(c) M
ITIGATION PLAN.—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a report re-quired under subsection (b) is submitted to the congressional homeland security com-mittees, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees a plan to mitigate the threats to homeland security identified in the report.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by this Act, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210F the following: ‘‘Sec. 210G. Annual homeland security as-sessment.’’. 
SEC. 6303. DEPARTMENT TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) F EASIBILITY STUDY .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall initiate a study to determine the feasibility of gathering data and pro-viding information to Congress on the use of Federal grant awards, for expenditures of more than $5,000, by entities that receive a Federal grant award under the Urban Area Security Initiative and the State Homeland Security Grant Program under sections 2003 and 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604 and 605), respectively. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency shall submit to the congres-sional homeland security committee a report on the results of the study required under subsection (a). SEC. 6304. TRANSPARENCY IN RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 319. TRANSPARENCY IN RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT TO PUBLICLY LISTUN-
CLASSIFIED RESEARCH & D EVELOPMENT PRO-
GRAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall maintain a detailed list, accessible on the website of the Department, of— ‘‘(A) each research and development project that is not classified, and all appro-priate details for each such project, includ-ing the component of the Department re-sponsible for the project; ‘‘(B) each task order for a Federally Fund-ed Research and Development Center not as-sociated with a research and development project; and ‘‘(C) each task order for a University-based center of excellence not associated with a re-search and development project. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) O
PERATIONAL SECURITY .—The Sec-retary, or a designee of the Secretary with the rank of Assistant Secretary or above, may exclude a project from the list required under paragraph (1) if the Secretary or such designee provides to the appropriate congres-sional committees— ‘‘(i) the information that would otherwise be required to be publicly posted under para-graph (1); and ‘‘(ii) a written certification that— ‘‘(I) the information that would otherwise be required to be publicly posted under para-graph (1) is controlled unclassified informa-tion, the public dissemination of which would jeopardize operational security; and ‘‘(II) the publicly posted list under para-graph (1) includes as much information about the program as is feasible without jeopardizing operational security. ‘‘(B) C
OMPLETED PROJECTS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a project completed or otherwise terminated before the date of en-actment of this section. ‘‘(3) D
EADLINE AND UPDATES .—The list re-quired under paragraph (1) shall be— ‘‘(A) made publicly accessible on the website of the Department not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion; and ‘‘(B) updated as frequently as possible, but not less frequently than once per quarter. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—For purposes of the list required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall pub-lish a definition for the term ‘research and development’ on the website of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT TO REPORT TO CONGRESS  
ONCLASSIFIED PROJECTS .—Not later than January 1, 2017, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that lists each ongoing classified project at the De-partment, including all appropriate details of each such project. ‘‘(c) I
NDICATORS OF SUCCESS OF  T
RANSITIONED PROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each project that has been transitioned from research and de-velopment to practice, the Under Secretary of Science and Technology shall develop and track indicators to demonstrate the uptake of the technology or project among cus-tomers or end-users. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3368 May 26, 2016 
‘‘(2) R EQUIREMENT .—To the fullest extent possible, the tracking of a project required under paragraph (1) shall continue for the 3- year period beginning on the date on which the project was transitioned from research and development to practice. ‘‘(3) I
NDICATORS .—The indicators developed and tracked under this subsection shall be included in the list required under sub-section (a). ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
LL APPROPRIATE DETAILS .—The term ‘all appropriate details’ means— ‘‘(A) the name of the project, including both classified and unclassified names if ap-plicable; ‘‘(B) the name of the component carrying out the project; ‘‘(C) an abstract or summary of the project; ‘‘(D) funding levels for the project; ‘‘(E) project duration or timeline; ‘‘(F) the name of each contractor, grantee, or cooperative agreement partner involved in the project; ‘‘(G) expected objectives and milestones for the project; and ‘‘(H) to the maximum extent practicable, relevant literature and patents that are as-sociated with the project. ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(C) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of House of Representa-tives. ‘‘(3) C
LASSIFIED .—The term ‘classified’ means anything containing— ‘‘(A) classified national security informa-tion as defined in section 6.1 of Executive Order 13526 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note) or any suc-cessor order; ‘‘(B) Restricted Data or data that was for-merly Restricted Data, as defined in section 11y. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2014(y)); ‘‘(C) material classified at the Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) level as defined in section 309 of the Intelligence Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (50 U.S.C. 3345); or ‘‘(D) information relating to a special ac-cess program, as defined in section 6.1 of Ex-ecutive Order 13526 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note) or any successor order. ‘‘(4) C
ONTROLLED UNCLASSIFIED INFORMA -
TION.—The term ‘controlled unclassified in-formation’ means information described as ‘Controlled Unclassified Information’ under Executive Order 13556 (50 U.S.C. 3501 note) or any successor order. ‘‘(5) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘project’ means a research or development project, program, or activity administered by the Department, whether ongoing, completed, or otherwise terminated.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 318 the following: ‘‘Sec. 319. Transparency in research and de-velopment.’’. 
SEC. 6305. REPORTING ON NATIONAL BIO AND AGRO-DEFENSE FACILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 310 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 190) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) S
UCCESSOR FACILITY .—The National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility, the planned successor facility to the Plum Island Animal Disease Center as of the date of enactment of this subsection, shall be subject to the re-quirements under subsections (b), (c), and (d) in the same manner and to the same extent as the Plum Island Animal Disease Center. ‘‘(f) CONSTRUCTION OF THE NATIONAL BIO 
ANDAGRO-DEFENSE FACILITY .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than September 30, 2016, and not less frequently than twice each year thereafter, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report on the National Bio and Agro-De-fense Facility that includes— ‘‘(A) a review of the status of the construc-tion of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility, including— ‘‘(i) current cost and schedule estimates; ‘‘(ii) any revisions to previous estimates described in clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) total obligations to date; ‘‘(B) a description of activities carried out to prepare for the transfer of research to the facility and the activation of that research; and ‘‘(C) a description of activities that have occurred to decommission the Plum Island Animal Disease Center. ‘‘(2) S
UNSET .—The reporting requirement under paragraph (1) shall terminate on the date that is 1 year after the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security certifies to the congressional homeland security com-mittees that construction of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility has been com-pleted.’’. (b) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall initiate a review of and submit to Congress a report on the construction and future plan-ning of the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility, which shall include— (1) the extent to which cost and schedule estimates for the project conform to capital planning leading practices as determined by the Comptroller General; (2) the extent to which the project’s plan-ning, budgeting, acquisition, and proposed management in use conform to capital plan-ning leading practices as determined by the Comptroller General; and (3) the extent to which disposal of the Plum Island Animal Disease Center con-forms to capital planning leading practices as determined by the Comptroller General. 
SEC. 6306. INSPECTOR GENERAL OVERSIGHT OF SUSPENSION AND DEBARMENT. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department shall— (1) audit the award of grants and procure-ment contracts to identify— (A) instances in which a grant or contract was improperly awarded to a suspended or debarred entity; and (B) whether corrective actions were taken following such instances to prevent recur-rence; and (2) review the suspension and debarment program throughout the Department to as-sess whether— (A) suspension and debarment criteria are consistently applied throughout the Depart-ment; and (B) disparities exist in the application of the criteria, particularly with respect to business size and category. 
SEC. 6307. FUTURE YEARS HOMELAND SECURITY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 874 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 454) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
YEAR’’ and inserting ‘‘ YEARS ’’; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the budget of the President is submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives (referred to in this section as the ‘appropriate committees’) a Future Years Homeland Security Program that cov-ers the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted and the 4 succeeding fiscal years.’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) P
ROJECTION OF ACQUISITION ESTI-
MATES .—On and after February 1, 2018, each Future Years Homeland Security Program shall project— ‘‘(1) acquisition estimates for the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted and the 4 succeeding fiscal years, with specified estimates for each fiscal year, for all major acquisitions by the Department and each component of the Department; and ‘‘(2) estimated annual deployment sched-ules for all physical asset major acquisitions over the 5-fiscal-year period described in paragraph (1) and the full operating capa-bility for all information technology major acquisitions. ‘‘(d) S
ENSITIVE AND CLASSIFIED INFORMA -
TION.—The Secretary may include with each Future Years Homeland Security Program a classified or other appropriately controlled document containing any information re-quired to be submitted under this section that is restricted from public disclosure in accordance with Federal law or any Execu-tive Order. ‘‘(e) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION TO THE  P
UBLIC .—The Secretary shall make available to the public in electronic form the informa-tion required to be submitted to the appro-priate committees under this section, other than information described in subsection (d).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 874 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 874. Future Years Homeland Security Program.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to each fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6308. QUADRENNIAL HOMELAND SECURITY REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 707 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 347) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) review available capabilities and ca-pacities across the homeland security enter-prise and identify redundant, wasteful, or unnecessary capabilities and capacities from which resources can be redirected to better support other existing capabilities and ca-pacities.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the budget of the President is submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, for the fiscal year after the fiscal year in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3369 May 26, 2016 
which a quadrennial homeland security re-view is conducted under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the quadrennial homeland security re-view.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (I) as subparagraph (L); and (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (H) the following: ‘‘(I) a description of how the conclusions under the quadrennial homeland security re-view will inform efforts to develop capabili-ties and build capacity of States, local gov-ernments, Indian tribes, territories, and pri-vate entities, and of individuals, families, and communities; ‘‘(J) proposed changes to the authorities, organization, governance structure, or busi-ness processes (including acquisition proc-esses) of the Department in order to better fulfil responsibilities of the Department; ‘‘(K) if appropriate, a classified or other ap-propriately controlled document containing any information required to be submitted under this paragraph that is restricted from public disclosure in accordance with Federal law, including information that is not pub-licly releasable; and’’. 
SEC. 6309. REPORTING REDUCTION. 
(a) O FFICE OF COUNTERNARCOTICS ANNUAL  B
UDGET REVIEW AND EVALUATION OF COUN-
TERNARCOTICS ACTIVITIES REPORT .—Section 878 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 458) is amended by striking subsection (f). (b) O
FFICE OF COUNTERNARCOTICS SEIZURE  R
EPORT .—Section 705(a) of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 1998 (21 U.S.C. 1704(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (c) A
NNUAL REPORT ON ACTIVITIES OF THE  N
ATIONAL NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE .—Sec- tion 1902(a)(13) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 592(a)(13)) is amended by striking ‘‘an annual’’ and inserting ‘‘a bien-nial’’. (d) J
OINT ANNUAL INTERAGENCY REVIEW OF  G
LOBAL NUCLEAR DETECTION ARCHITEC -
TURE .—Section 1907 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 596a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘B IENNIAL ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘once each year—’’ and in-serting ‘‘once every other year—’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘the previous year’’ and inserting ‘‘the previous 2 years’’; and (II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘the pre-vious year.’’ and inserting ‘‘the previous 2 years.’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘once each year,’’ and inserting ‘‘once every other year,’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘B IENNIAL ’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘of each year,’’ and inserting ‘‘of every other year,’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘annual’’ and inserting ‘‘biennial’’. 
SEC. 6310. ADDITIONAL DEFINITIONS. 
Section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (13) through (18) as paragraphs (17) through (22), respectively; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (12) as paragraphs (12) through (15), respec-tively (3) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (8) as paragraphs (6) through (10), respec-tively; (4) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respec-tively; (5) by inserting before paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(1) The term ‘acquisition’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 131 of title 41, United States Code.’’; (6) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(3)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) The term ‘congressional homeland se-curity committees’ means— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(iii) the Homeland Security Sub-committee of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate; and ‘‘(iv) the Homeland Security Sub-committee of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives.’’; (7) by inserting after paragraph (4), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(5) The term ‘best practices’, with respect to acquisition, means a knowledge-based ap-proach to capability development that in-cludes— ‘‘(A) identifying and validating needs; ‘‘(B) assessing alternatives to select the most appropriate solution; ‘‘(C) clearly establishing well-defined re-quirements; ‘‘(D) developing realistic cost assessments and schedules; ‘‘(E) planning stable funding that matches resources to requirements; ‘‘(F) demonstrating technology, design, and manufacturing maturity; ‘‘(G) using milestones and exit criteria or specific accomplishments that demonstrate progress; ‘‘(H) adopting and executing standardized processes with known success across pro-grams; ‘‘(I) establishing an adequate workforce that is qualified and sufficient to perform necessary functions; and ‘‘(J) integrating capabilities into the mis-sion and business operations of the Depart-ment.’’; (8) by inserting after paragraph (10), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(11) The term ‘homeland security enter-prise’ means all relevant governmental and nongovernmental entities involved in home-land security, including Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial government offi-cials, private sector representatives, aca-demics, and other policy experts.’’; and (9) by inserting after paragraph (15), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(16) The term ‘management integration and transformation’— ‘‘(A) means the development of consistent and consolidated functions for information technology, financial management, acquisi-tion management, logistics and material re-source management, asset security, and human capital management; and ‘‘(B) includes governing processes and pro-cedures, management systems, personnel ac-tivities, budget and resource planning, train-ing, real estate management, and provision of security, as they relate to functions cited in subparagraph (A).’’. TITLE LXXIV—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 6401. ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Administrative Leave Act of 2016’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) agency use of administrative leave, and leave that is referred to incorrectly as ad-ministrative leave in agency recording prac-tices, has exceeded reasonable amounts— (A) in contravention of— (i) established precedent of the Comp-troller General of the United States; and (ii) guidance provided by the Office of Per-sonnel Management; and (B) resulting in significant cost to the Fed-eral Government; (2) administrative leave should be used sparingly; (3) prior to the use of paid leave to address personnel issues, an agency should consider other actions, including— (A) temporary reassignment; (B) transfer; and (C) telework; (4) an agency should prioritize and expedi-tiously conclude an investigation in which an employee is placed in administrative leave so that, not later than the conclusion of the leave period— (A) the employee is returned to duty sta-tus; or (B) an appropriate personnel action is taken with respect to the employee; (5) data show that there are too many ex-amples of employees placed in administra-tive leave for 6 months or longer, leaving the employees without any available recourse to— (A) return to duty status; or (B) challenge the decision of the agency; (6) an agency should ensure accurate and consistent recording of the use of adminis-trative leave so that administrative leave can be managed and overseen effectively; and (7) other forms of excused absence author-ized by law should be recorded separately from administrative leave, as defined by the amendments made by this section. (c) ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 6329a. Administrative leave ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘administrative leave’ means leave— ‘‘(A) without loss of or reduction in— ‘‘(i) pay; ‘‘(ii) leave to which an employee is other-wise entitled under law; or ‘‘(iii) credit for time or service; and ‘‘(B) that is not authorized under any other provision of law; ‘‘(2) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) means an Executive agency (as de-fined in section 105 of this title); and ‘‘(B) does not include the Government Ac-countability Office; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘employee’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 2105; and ‘‘(B) does not include an intermittent em-ployee who does not have an established reg-ular tour of duty during the administrative workweek. ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE LEAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An agency may place an employee in administrative leave for a pe-riod of not more than 5 consecutive days. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to limit the use of leave that is— ‘‘(A) specifically authorized under law; and ‘‘(B) not administrative leave. ‘‘(3) R
ECORDS .—An agency shall record ad-ministrative leave separately from leave au-thorized under any other provision of law. ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) OPM 
REGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3370 May 26, 2016 
‘‘(A) prescribe regulations to carry out this section; and ‘‘(B) prescribe regulations that provide guidance to agencies regarding— ‘‘(i) acceptable agency uses of administra-tive leave; and ‘‘(ii) the proper recording of— ‘‘(I) administrative leave; and ‘‘(II) other leave authorized by law. ‘‘(2) A
GENCY ACTION .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Director of the Office of Personnel Management prescribes regulations under paragraph (1), each agency shall revise and implement the internal poli-cies of the agency to meet the requirements of this section. ‘‘(d) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.—Notwith- standing subsection (a) of section 7421 of title 38, this section shall apply to an em-ployee described in subsection (b) of that section.’’. (2) OPM 
STUDY .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, in consultation with Federal agencies, groups representing Federal employees, and other relevant stakeholders, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a re-port identifying agency practices, as of the date of enactment of this Act, of placing an employee in administrative leave for more than 5 consecutive days when the placement was not specifically authorized by law. (3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 6329 the following: ‘‘6329a. Administrative leave.’’. (d) I
NVESTIGATIVE LEAVE AND NOTICE  L
EAVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 6329b. Investigative leave and notice leave ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) means an Executive agency (as de-fined in section 105 of this title); and ‘‘(B) does not include the Government Ac-countability Office; ‘‘(2) the term ‘Chief Human Capital Officer’ means— ‘‘(A) the Chief Human Capital Officer of an agency designated or appointed under sec-tion 1401; or ‘‘(B) the equivalent; ‘‘(3) the term ‘committees of jurisdiction’, with respect to an agency, means each com-mittee in the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives with jurisdiction over the agen-cy; ‘‘(4) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; ‘‘(5) the term ‘employee’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 2105; and ‘‘(B) does not include— ‘‘(i) an intermittent employee who does not have an established regular tour of duty during the administrative workweek; or ‘‘(ii) the Inspector General of an agency; ‘‘(6) the term ‘investigative leave’ means leave— ‘‘(A) without loss of or reduction in— ‘‘(i) pay; ‘‘(ii) leave to which an employee is other-wise entitled under law; or ‘‘(iii) credit for time or service; ‘‘(B) that is not authorized under any other provision of law; and ‘‘(C) in which an employee who is the sub-ject of an investigation is placed; ‘‘(7) the term ‘notice leave’ means leave— ‘‘(A) without loss of or reduction in— ‘‘(i) pay; ‘‘(ii) leave to which an employee is other-wise entitled under law; or ‘‘(iii) credit for time or service; ‘‘(B) that is not authorized under any other provision of law; and ‘‘(C) in which an employee who is in a no-tice period is placed; and ‘‘(8) the term ‘notice period’ means a pe-riod beginning on the date on which an em-ployee is provided notice required under law of a proposed adverse action against the em-ployee and ending on the date on which an agency may take the adverse action. ‘‘(b) LEAVE FOR EMPLOYEES UNDER INVES -
TIGATION OR IN A NOTICE PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—An agency may, in ac-cordance with paragraph (2), place an em-ployee in— ‘‘(A) investigative leave if the employee is the subject of an investigation; ‘‘(B) notice leave if the employee is in a notice period; or ‘‘(C) notice leave following a placement in investigative leave if, not later than the day after the last day of the period of investiga-tive leave— ‘‘(i) the agency proposes or initiates an ad-verse action against the employee; and ‘‘(ii) the agency determines that the em-ployee continues to meet 1 or more of the criteria described in subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An agency may place an employee in leave under paragraph (1) only if the agency has— ‘‘(A) made a determination with respect to the employee under subsection (c)(1); ‘‘(B) considered the available options for the employee under subsection (c)(2); and ‘‘(C) determined that none of the available options under subsection (c)(2) is appro-priate. ‘‘(c) E
MPLOYEES UNDER INVESTIGATION OR IN  
ANOTICE PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) D
ETERMINATIONS .—An agency may not place an employee in investigative leave or notice leave under subsection (b) unless the continued presence of the employee in the workplace during an investigation of the em-ployee or while the employee is in a notice period, if applicable, may— ‘‘(A) pose a threat to the employee or oth-ers; ‘‘(B) result in the destruction of evidence relevant to an investigation; ‘‘(C) result in loss of or damage to Govern-ment property; or ‘‘(D) otherwise jeopardize legitimate Gov-ernment interests. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABLE OPTIONS FOR EMPLOYEES  
UNDER INVESTIGATION OR IN A NOTICE PE -
RIOD.—After making a determination under paragraph (1) with respect to an employee, and before placing an employee in investiga-tive leave or notice leave under subsection (b), an agency shall consider taking 1 or more of the following actions: ‘‘(A) Assigning the employee to duties in which the employee is no longer a threat to— ‘‘(i) safety; ‘‘(ii) the mission of the agency; ‘‘(iii) Government property; or ‘‘(iv) evidence relevant to an investigation. ‘‘(B) Allowing the employee to take leave for which the employee is eligible. ‘‘(C) Requiring the employee to telework under section 6502(c). ‘‘(D) If the employee is absent from duty without approved leave, carrying the em-ployee in absence without leave status. ‘‘(E) For an employee subject to a notice period, curtailing the notice period if there is reasonable cause to believe the employee has committed a crime for which a sentence of imprisonment may be imposed. ‘‘(3) DURATION OF LEAVE .— ‘‘(A) I
NVESTIGATIVE LEAVE .—Subject to ex-tensions of a period of investigative leave for which an employee may be eligible under subsections (d) and (e), the initial placement of an employee in investigative leave shall be for a period not longer than 10 days. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE LEAVE .—Placement of an em-ployee in notice leave shall be for a period not longer than the duration of the notice period. ‘‘(4) E
XPLANATION OF LEAVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If an agency places an employee in leave under subsection (b), the agency shall provide the employee a written explanation of the leave placement and the reasons for the leave placement. ‘‘(B) E
XPLANATION .—The written notice under subparagraph (A) shall describe the limitations of the leave placement, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) the applicable limitations under para-graph (3); and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a placement in inves-tigative leave, an explanation that, at the conclusion of the period of leave, the agency shall take an action under paragraph (5). ‘‘(5) A
GENCY ACTION .—Not later than the day after the last day of a period of inves-tigative leave for an employee under sub-section (b)(1), an agency shall— ‘‘(A) return the employee to regular duty status; ‘‘(B) take 1 or more of the actions author-ized under paragraph (2), meaning— ‘‘(i) assigning the employee to duties in which the employee is no longer a threat to— ‘‘(I) safety; ‘‘(II) the mission of the agency; ‘‘(III) Government property; or ‘‘(IV) evidence relevant to an investiga-tion; ‘‘(ii) allowing the employee to take leave for which the employee is eligible; ‘‘(iii) requiring the employee to telework under section 6502(c); ‘‘(iv) if the employee is absent from duty without approved leave, carrying the em-ployee in absence without leave status; or ‘‘(v) for an employee subject to a notice pe-riod, curtailing the notice period if there is reasonable cause to believe the employee has committed a crime for which a sentence of imprisonment may be imposed; ‘‘(C) propose or initiate an adverse action against the employee as provided under law; or ‘‘(D) extend the period of investigative leave under subsections (d) and (e). ‘‘(6) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (5) shall be construed to prevent the continued investigation of an employee, except that the placement of an employee in investigative leave may not be extended for that purpose except as provided in sub-sections (d) and (e). ‘‘(d) I
NITIAL EXTENSION OF INVESTIGATIVE  L
EAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (4), if the Chief Human Capital Officer of an agency, or the designee of the Chief Human Capital Officer, approves such an extension after consulting with the investigator re-sponsible for conducting the investigation to which an employee is subject, the agency may extend the period of investigative leave for the employee under subsection (b) for not more than 30 days. ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM NUMBER OF EXTENSIONS .—The total period of additional investigative leave for an employee under paragraph (1) may not exceed 110 days. ‘‘(3) D
ESIGNATION GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Chief Human Capital Offi-cers Council shall issue guidance to ensure that if the Chief Human Capital Officer of an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3371 May 26, 2016 
agency delegates the authority to approve an extension under paragraph (1) to a designee, the designee is at a sufficiently high level within the agency to make an impartial and independent determination regarding the ex-tension. ‘‘(4) E
XTENSIONS FOR OIG EMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(A) A
PPROVAL .—In the case of an em-ployee of an Office of Inspector General— ‘‘(i) the Inspector General or the designee of the Inspector General, rather than the Chief Human Capital Officer or the designee of the Chief Human Capital Officer, shall ap-prove an extension of a period of investiga-tive leave for the employee under paragraph (1); or ‘‘(ii) at the request of the Inspector Gen-eral, the head of the agency within which the Office of Inspector General is located shall designate an official of the agency to ap-prove an extension of a period of investiga-tive leave for the employee under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Council of the Inspectors General on Integ-rity and Efficiency shall issue guidance to ensure that if the Inspector General or the head of an agency, at the request of the In-spector General, delegates the authority to approve an extension under subparagraph (A) to a designee, the designee is at a suffi-ciently high level within the Office of Inspec-tor General or the agency, as applicable, to make an impartial and independent deter-mination regarding the extension. ‘‘(e) F
URTHER EXTENSION OF INVESTIGATIVE  L
EAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—After reaching the limit under subsection (d)(2), an agency may fur-ther extend a period of investigative leave for an employee for a period of not more than 60 days if, before the further extension begins, the head of the agency or, in the case of an employee of an Office of Inspector Gen-eral, the Inspector General submits a notifi-cation that includes the reasons for the fur-ther extension to the— ‘‘(A) committees of jurisdiction; ‘‘(B) Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. ‘‘(2) N
O LIMIT .—There shall be no limit on the number of further extensions that an agency may grant to an employee under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) OPM 
REVIEW .—An agency shall request from the Director, and include with the noti-fication required under paragraph (1), the opinion of the Director— ‘‘(A) with respect to whether to grant a further extension under this subsection, in-cluding the reasons for that opinion; and ‘‘(B) which shall not be binding on the agency. ‘‘(4) S
UNSET .—The authority provided under this subsection shall expire on the date that is 6 years after the date of enact-ment of this section. ‘‘(f) C
ONSULTATION GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, in con-sultation with the Attorney General and the Special Counsel, shall issue guidance on best practices for consultation between an inves-tigator and an agency on the need to place an employee in investigative leave during an investigation of the employee, including dur-ing a criminal investigation, because the continued presence of the employee in the workplace during the investigation may— ‘‘(1) pose a threat to the employee or oth-ers; ‘‘(2) result in the destruction of evidence relevant to an investigation; ‘‘(3) result in loss of or damage to Govern-ment property; or ‘‘(4) otherwise jeopardize legitimate Gov-ernment interests. ‘‘(g) REPORTING AND RECORDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An agency shall keep a record of the placement of an employee in investigative leave or notice leave by the agency, including— ‘‘(A) the basis for the determination made under subsection (c)(1); ‘‘(B) an explanation of why an action under subsection (c)(2) was not appropriate; ‘‘(C) the length of the period of leave; ‘‘(D) the amount of salary paid to the em-ployee during the period of leave; ‘‘(E) the reasons for authorizing the leave, including, if applicable, the recommendation made by an investigator under subsection (d)(1); and ‘‘(F) the action taken by the agency at the end of the period of leave, including, if appli-cable, the granting of any extension of a pe-riod of investigative leave under subsection (d) or (e). ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF RECORDS .—An agency shall make a record kept under paragraph (1) available— ‘‘(A) to any committee of Congress, upon request; ‘‘(B) to the Office of Personnel Manage-ment; and ‘‘(C) as otherwise required by law, includ-ing for the purposes of the Administrative Leave Act of 2016 and the amendments made by that Act. ‘‘(h) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) OPM 
ACTION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Director shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section, including guidance to agencies regarding— ‘‘(A) acceptable purposes for the use of— ‘‘(i) investigative leave; and ‘‘(ii) notice leave; ‘‘(B) the proper recording of— ‘‘(i) the leave categories described in sub-paragraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) other leave authorized by law; ‘‘(C) baseline factors that an agency shall consider when making a determination that the continued presence of an employee in the workplace may— ‘‘(i) pose a threat to the employee or oth-ers; ‘‘(ii) result in the destruction of evidence relevant to an investigation; ‘‘(iii) result in loss or damage to Govern-ment property; or ‘‘(iv) otherwise jeopardize legitimate Gov-ernment interests; and ‘‘(D) procedures and criteria for the ap-proval of an extension of a period of inves-tigative leave under subsection (d) or (e). ‘‘(2) A
GENCY ACTION .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Director pre-scribes regulations under paragraph (1), each agency shall revise and implement the inter-nal policies of the agency to meet the re-quirements of this section. ‘‘(i) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.—Notwith- standing subsection (a) of section 7421 of title 38, this section shall apply to an em-ployee described in subsection (b) of that section.’’. (2) P
ERSONNEL ACTION .—Section 2302(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in clause (xi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (xii) as clause (xiii); and (C) by inserting after clause (xi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(xii) a determination made by an agency under section 6329b(c)(1) that the continued presence of an employee in the workplace during an investigation of the employee or while the employee is in a notice period, if applicable, may— ‘‘(I) pose a threat to the employee or oth-ers; ‘‘(II) result in the destruction of evidence relevant to an investigation; ‘‘(III) result in loss of or damage to Gov-ernment property; or ‘‘(IV) otherwise jeopardize legitimate Gov-ernment interests; and’’. (3) GAO REPORT .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives on the results of an evaluation of the implementation of the authority pro-vided under sections 6329a and 6329b of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (c)(1) and paragraph (1) of this subsection, re-spectively, including— (A) an assessment of agency use of the au-thority provided under subsection (e) of such section 6329b, including data regarding— (i) the number and length of extensions granted under that subsection; and (ii) the number of times that the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, under paragraph (3) of that subsection— (I) concurred with the decision of an agen-cy to grant an extension; and (II) did not concur with the decision of an agency to grant an extension, including the bases for those opinions of the Director; (B) recommendations to Congress, as ap-propriate, on the need for extensions beyond the extensions authorized under subsection (d) of such section 6329b; and (C) a review of the practice of agency placement of an employee in investigative or notice leave under subsection (b) of such sec-tion 6329b because of a determination under subsection (c)(1)(D) of that section that the employee jeopardized legitimate Govern-ment interests, including the extent to which such determinations were supported by evidence. (4) T
ELEWORK .—Section 6502 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
EQUIRED TELEWORK .—If an agency de-termines under section 6329b(c)(1) that the continued presence of an employee in the workplace during an investigation of the em-ployee or while the employee is in a notice period, if applicable, may pose 1 or more of the threats described in that section and the employee is eligible to telework under sub-sections (a) and (b) of this section, the agen-cy may require the employee to telework for the duration of the investigation or the no-tice period, if applicable.’’. (5) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 6329a, as added by this section, the following: ‘‘6329b. Investigative leave and notice leave.’’. (e) L
EAVE FOR WEATHER AND SAFETY  I
SSUES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 6329c. Weather and safety leave ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) means an Executive agency (as de-fined in section 105 of this title); and ‘‘(B) does not include the Government Ac-countability Office; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘employee’— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3372 May 26, 2016 
‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in section 2105; and ‘‘(B) does not include an intermittent em-ployee who does not have an established reg-ular tour of duty during the administrative workweek. ‘‘(b) L
EAVE FOR WEATHER AND SAFETY  I
SSUES .—An agency may approve the provi-sion of leave under this section to an em-ployee or a group of employees without loss of or reduction in the pay of the employee or employees, leave to which the employee or employees are otherwise entitled, or credit to the employee or employees for time or service only if the employee or group of em-ployees is prevented from safely traveling to or performing work at an approved location due to— ‘‘(1) an act of God; ‘‘(2) a terrorist attack; or ‘‘(3) another condition that prevents the employee or group of employees from safely traveling to or performing work at an ap-proved location. ‘‘(c) R
ECORDS .—An agency shall record leave provided under this section separately from leave authorized under any other provi-sion of law. ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section, including— ‘‘(1) guidance to agencies regarding the ap-propriate purposes for providing leave under this section; and ‘‘(2) the proper recording of leave provided under this section. ‘‘(e) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.—Notwith- standing subsection (a) of section 7421 of title 38, this section shall apply to an em-ployee described in subsection (b) of that section.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 6329b, as added by this section, the following: ‘‘6329c. Weather and safety leave.’’. (f) A
DDITIONAL OVERSIGHT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment shall complete a review of agency poli-cies to determine whether agencies have complied with the requirements of this sec-tion and the amendments made by this sec-tion. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 days after completing the review under para-graph (1), the Director shall submit to Con-gress a report evaluating the results of the review. 
SEC. 6402. UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT RE-VIEW OF CERTAIN FOREIGN FIGHT-ERS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent, acting through the Secretary, shall ini-tiate a review of known instances since 2011 in which a person has traveled or attempted to travel to a conflict zone in Iraq or Syria from the United States to join or provide material support or resources to a terrorist organization. (b) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—The review under subsection (a) shall— (1) include relevant unclassified and classi-fied information held by the United States Government related to each instance de-scribed in subsection (a); (2) ascertain which factors, including oper-ational issues, security vulnerabilities, sys-temic challenges, or other issues, which may have undermined efforts to prevent the trav-el of persons described in subsection (a) to a conflict zone in Iraq or Syria from the United States, including issues related to the timely identification of suspects, informa-tion sharing, intervention, and interdiction; and (3) identify lessons learned and areas that can be improved to prevent additional travel by persons described in subsection (a) to a conflict zone in Iraq or Syria, or other ter-rorist safe haven abroad, to join or provide material support or resources to a terrorist organization. (c) INFORMATION SHARING .—The President shall direct the heads of relevant Federal agencies to provide the appropriate informa-tion that may be necessary for the Secretary to complete the review required under this section. (d) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, consistent with the protection of classified information, shall submit a report to the appropriate congres-sional committees that includes the results of the review required under this section, in-cluding information on travel routes of greatest concern, as appropriate. (e) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING .— No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (E) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (F) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; (G) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (H) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (I) the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives; (J) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (K) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; (L) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (M) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (N) the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives. (2) M
ATERIAL SUPPORT OR RESOURCES .—The term ‘‘material support or resources’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2339A of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 6403. NATIONAL STRATEGY TO COMBAT TER-RORIST TRAVEL. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that it should be the policy of the United States— (1) to continue to regularly assess the evolving terrorist threat to the United States; (2) to catalog existing Federal Government efforts to obstruct terrorist and foreign fighter travel into, out of, and within the United States, and overseas; (3) to identify such efforts that may ben-efit from reform or consolidation, or require elimination; (4) to identify potential security vulnerabilities in United States defenses against terrorist travel; and (5) to prioritize resources to address any such security vulnerabilities in a risk-based manner. (b) N
ATIONAL STRATEGY AND UPDATES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall submit a national strategy to combat terrorist travel to the appropriate congressional committees. The strategy shall address efforts to intercept terrorists and foreign fighters and constrain the do-mestic and international travel of such per-sons. Consistent with the protection of clas-sified information, the strategy shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, including, as ap-propriate, a classified annex. (2) U
PDATED STRATEGIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which a new Presi-dent is inaugurated, the President shall sub-mit an updated version of the strategy de-scribed in paragraph (1) to the appropriate congressional committees. (3) C
OORDINATION .—The President shall di-rect— (A) the Secretary to develop the initial na-tional strategy and updates required under this subsection; and (B) the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, to coordinate with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security in the develop-ment of such strategy and updates. (4) C
ONTENTS .—The strategy required under this subsection shall— (A) include an accounting and description of all Federal Government programs, projects, and activities designed to constrain domestic and international travel by terror-ists and foreign fighters; (B) identify specific security vulnerabilities within the United States and outside of the United States that may be ex-ploited by terrorists and foreign fighters; (C) delineate goals for— (i) closing the security vulnerabilities identified under subparagraph (B); and (ii) enhancing the ability of the Federal Government to constrain domestic and inter-national travel by terrorists and foreign fighters; and (D) describe the actions that will be taken to achieve the goals delineated under sub-paragraph (C) and the means needed to carry out such actions, including— (i) steps to reform, improve, and stream-line existing Federal Government efforts to align with the current threat environment; (ii) new programs, projects, or activities that are requested, under development, or undergoing implementation; (iii) new authorities or changes in existing authorities needed from Congress; (iv) specific budget adjustments being re-quested to enhance United States security in a risk-based manner; and (v) the Federal departments and agencies responsible for the specific actions described in this subparagraph. (5) S
UNSET .—The requirement to submit updated national strategies under this sub-section shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) D
EVELOPMENT OF IMPLEMENTATION  P
LANS .—For each national strategy required under subsection (b), the President shall— (1) direct the Secretary to develop an im-plementation plan for the Department; and (2) coordinate with the heads of other rel-evant Federal agencies to ensure the devel-opment of implementing plans for each such agency. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION PLANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall sub-mit an implementation plan developed under subsection (c) to the appropriate congres-sional committees with each national strat-egy required under subsection (b). Consistent with the protection of classified information, each such implementation plan shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3373 May 26, 2016 
(2) A NNUAL UPDATES .—The President shall submit an annual updated implementation plan to the appropriate congressional com-mittees during the 10-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (e) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING .— No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section. (f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (3) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (4) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (5) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (6) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (7) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (8) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; (9) the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives; (10) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (11) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (12) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 6404. NORTHERN BORDER THREAT ANAL-YSIS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ORTHERN BORDER .—The term ‘‘North-ern Border’’ means the land and maritime borders between the United States and Can-ada. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a Northern Border threat analysis that includes— (1) current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking— (A) to enter the United States through the Northern Border; or (B) to exploit border vulnerabilities on the Northern Border; (2) improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the Northern Border— (A) to prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States; and (B) to reduce criminal activity, as meas-ured by the total flow of illegal goods, illicit drugs, and smuggled and trafficked persons moved in either direction across to the Northern Border; (3) gaps in law, policy, cooperation between State, tribal, and local law enforcement, international agreements, or tribal agree-ments that hinder effective and efficient bor-der security, counter-terrorism, anti-human smuggling and trafficking efforts, and the flow of legitimate trade along the Northern Border; and (4) whether additional U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance and preinspection operations at ports of entry along the Northern Border could help pre-vent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States. (c) ANALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—For the threat analysis required under subsection (b), the Secretary shall consider and exam-ine— (1) technology needs and challenges; (2) personnel needs and challenges; (3) the role of State, tribal, and local law enforcement in general border security ac-tivities; (4) the need for cooperation among Fed-eral, State, tribal, local, and Canadian law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; (5) the terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the Northern Border; and (6) the needs and challenges of Department facilities, including the physical approaches to such facilities. (d) C
LASSIFIED THREAT ANALYSIS .—To the extent possible, the Secretary shall submit the threat analysis required under sub-section (b) in unclassified form. The Sec-retary may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines that such form is appropriate for that portion. 
SA 4368. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 973 and insert the following: 
SEC. 973. MODERNIZATION OF SECURITY CLEAR-ANCE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ARCHITECTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall develop and implement an information technology sys-tem (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Sys-tem’’) to— (1) modernize and sustain the security clearance information architecture of the National Background Investigations Bureau and the Department of Defense; (2) support decision-making processes for the evaluation and granting of personnel se-curity clearances; (3) improve cyber security capabilities with respect to sensitive security clearance data and processes; (4) reduce the complexity and cost of the security clearance process; (5) provide information to managers on the financial and administrative costs of the se-curity clearance process; (6) strengthen the ties between counter-intelligence and personnel security commu-nities; and (7) improve system standardization in the security clearance process. (b) G
UIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, shall issue guidance establishing the respective roles, responsibilities, and obliga-tions of the Secretary and Directors with re-spect to the development and implementa-tion of the System. (c) E
LEMENTS OF SYSTEM .—In developing the System under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall— (1) conduct a review of security clearance business processes and, to the extent prac-ticable, modify such processes to maximize compatibility with the security clearance in-formation technology architecture to mini-mize the need for customization of the Sys-tem; (2) conduct business process mapping (as such term is defined in section 2222(i) of title 10, United States Code) of the business proc-esses described in paragraph (1); (3) use spiral development and incremental acquisition practices to rapidly deploy the System, including through the use of proto-typing and open architecture principles; (4) establish a process to identify and limit interfaces with legacy systems and to limit customization of any commercial informa-tion technology tools used; (5) establish automated processes for meas-uring the performance goals of the System; and (6) incorporate capabilities for the contin-uous monitoring of network security and the mitigation of insider threats to the System. (d) COMPLETION DATE.—The Secretary shall complete the development and implementa-tion of the System by not later than Sep-tember 30, 2019. (e) B
RIEFING .—Beginning on December 1, 2016, and on a quarterly basis thereafter until the completion date of implementation of the System under subsection (d), the Sec-retary shall provide a briefing to the appro-priate committees of Congress on the progress of the Secretary in developing and implementing the System. (f) R
EVIEW OF APPLICABLE LAWS.—The Sec- retary shall review laws, regulations, and ex-ecutive orders relating to the maintenance of personnel security clearance information by the Federal Government. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress a brief-ing that includes— (1) the results of the review; and (2) recommendations, if any, for consoli-dating and clarifying laws, regulations, and executive orders relating to the maintenance of personnel security clearance information by the Federal Government. (g) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate, and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, the Committee on Appropriations and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 4369. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. R EID, Mr. B LUNT , Ms. M
IKULSKI , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C
ASEY , and Mr. S HELBY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.068 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3374 May 26, 2016 
SEC. 764. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO LIMITATIONS, TRANS-PARENCY, AND OVERSIGHT REGARD-ING MEDICAL RESEARCH CON-DUCTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) M EDICAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  P
ROJECTS .—Section 756, relating to a prohi-bition on funding and conduct of certain medical research and development projects by the Department of Defense, shall have no force or effect. (b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, AND E
VALUATION EFFORTS AND PROCUREMENT AC-
TIVITIES RELATED TO MEDICAL RESEARCH .— Section 898, relating to a limitation on au-thority of the Secretary of Defense to enter into contracts, grants, or cooperative agree-ments for congressional special interest medical research programs under the con-gressionally directed medical research pro-gram of the Department of Defense, shall have no force or effect. 
SA 4370. Mr. KIRK submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 1026, insert the following: 
SEC. 1026A. ADDITIONAL COUNTRIES UNDER PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO TRANSFER OR RELEASE TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 1033 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 968), as amended by sec-tion 1026 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new para-graphs: ‘‘(5) Iran. ‘‘(6) Sudan.’’. 
SA 4371. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1053(a) and insert the fol-lowing: (a) Section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(g) D
ETERMINATION OF ELIGIBLE DEFENSE  I
TEMS .— ‘‘(1) C
ONTROLLED DEFENSE ITEMS ELIGIBLE  
FOR TREATMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the provi-sions of this paragraph, the controlled de-fense items that may be treated as eligible defense items for purposes of this section shall include items that— ‘‘(i) can be readily put to civilian use by State and local law enforcement agencies; and ‘‘(ii) are suitable for transfer to State and local law enforcement agencies pursuant to this section. ‘‘(B) I
NITIAL ELIGIBLE DEFENSE ITEMS .—The controlled defense items to be treated as eli-gible defense items for purposes of this sec-tion as of the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 are the following: ‘‘(i) Camouflage uniforms and clothing. ‘‘(ii) Fixed wing manned aircraft. ‘‘(iii) Rotary wing manned aircraft. ‘‘(iv) Unmanned aerial vehicles. ‘‘(v) Wheeled armored vehicles. ‘‘(vi) Wheeled tactical vehicles. ‘‘(vii) Specialized firearms and ammuni-tion under .50-caliber. ‘‘(viii) Explosives and pyrotechnics, includ-ing explosive breaching tools. ‘‘(ix) Breaching apparatus. ‘‘(x) Riot batons. ‘‘(C) INTERPRETATION OF THIS SECTION .— Subparagraph (B) shall supersede the equip-ment lists issued pursuant to Executive Order 13688. ‘‘(D) L
IST OF CONTROLLED DEFENSE ITEMS  
TREATABLE AS ELIGIBLE DEFENSE ITEMS .—The Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency and in consultation with the Working Group established by Executive Order 13688, main-tain, and periodically update, a list of con-trolled defense items that are currently ap-propriate for treatment as eligible defense items for purposes of this section. The list shall be established and maintained in ac-cordance with the regulations for purposes of this section under subsection (g). ‘‘(2) C
ONTROLLED DEFENSE ITEMS NOT ELIGI -
BLE FOR TREATMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A controlled defense item may not be treated as an eligible de-fense item for purposes of this section if— ‘‘(i) the item is made exclusively for the military; and ‘‘(ii) the item, or a substantially similar item, cannot be purchased by State or local law enforcement agencies in the private sec-tor even after the item is demilitarized. ‘‘(B) I
NITIAL PROHIBITED ITEMS .—Unless and until determined otherwise by the Secretary for purposes of this section, the controlled defense items that may not be treated as eli-gible defense items for purposes of this sec-tion are the following: ‘‘(i) Tracked armored vehicles. ‘‘(ii) Weaponized aircraft, vessels, and vehi-cles of any kind. ‘‘(iii) Firearms of .50-caliber or higher. ‘‘(iv) Ammunition of .50-caliber or higher. ‘‘(v) Grenades, flash bang grenades, gre-nade launchers, and grenade launcher at-tachments. ‘‘(vi) Bayonets. ‘‘(vii) Mine Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicles. ‘‘(viii) Tasers developed primarily for use by the military. ‘‘(C) I
NTERPRETATION OF THIS SECTION .— Subparagraph (B) shall supersede the equip-ment lists issued pursuant to Executive Order 13688. ‘‘(D) L
IST OF CONTROLLED ITEMS NOT TREAT -
ABLE AS ELIGIBLE DEFENSE ITEMS .—The Sec- retary shall, acting through the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency and in con-sultation with the Working Group estab-lished pursuant to Executive Order 13688, maintain, and periodically update, a list of controlled defense items that are currently prohibited from treatment as eligible defense items for purposes of this section. ‘‘(3) R
ETURN OF ITEMS NOT TREATED AS ELI -
GIBLE DEFENSE ITEMS NOT IMMEDIATELY RE -
QUIRED .— ‘‘(A) R
ETURN OF INITIAL PROHIBITED ITEMS  
NOT GENERALLY REQUIRED .—The regulations for purposes of this section shall provide that a law enforcement agency in possession on the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 of a controlled defense item that is not eligible for treatment as an eligible defense item pursuant to paragraph (2)(B) shall not be required to return such item to the De-partment pursuant to Executive Order 13688. ‘‘(B) RETURN OF ITEMS SUBSEQUENTLY  
TREATED AS NOT ELIGIBLE NOT REQUIRED .—The regulations for purposes of this section shall provide that a law enforcement agency in possession of a controlled defense item that is no longer eligible for treatment as an eli-gible defense item pursuant to paragraph (2)(D) shall not be required to return such item to the Department pursuant to Execu-tive Order 13688. ‘‘(C) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to require a law en-forcement agency, pursuant to Executive Order 13688, to return to the Department equipment obtained from the Federal Gov-ernment, or obtained using Federal funds, if such equipment was obtained by the agency in a manner consistent with all applicable laws and regulations. ‘‘(D) T
RANSFER OF OWNERSHIP .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as a transfer of ownership of any equipment obtained from the Federal Government pursuant to this section. ‘‘(h) P
ROHIBITION ON REQUIREMENT FOR  T
IMELY USE OF TRANSFERRED ITEMS .—The regulations for purposes of this section may not require the use of an eligible defense item transferred under this section within one year of the receipt of the item by the State or local law enforcement agency con-cerned. ‘‘(i) N
OTICE ON REQUESTS FOR TRANSFERS TO  S
TATE AND LOCAL OFFICIALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a State or local law enforce-ment agency may not request transfer of an eligible defense item under this section, in-cluding pursuant to interagency transfer under subsection (t), unless the law enforce-ment agency has provided notice of the re-quest to the head and legislative body of the State or political subdivision of a State of which the law enforcement agency is an agency. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— ‘‘(A) I
TEMS FOR UNDERCOVER OPERATIONS .— A State or local law enforcement agency re-questing transfer of an eligible defense item is not required to comply with paragraph (1) if the item requested is for an active under-cover operation. ‘‘(B) A
LTERNATIVE NOTICE REQUIREMENT .—A State or local law enforcement agency re-ceiving an item under this section pursuant to a request covered by subparagraph (A) shall notify the head and legislative body of the State or political subdivision of a State of which the law enforcement agency is an agency of the request not later than 10 busi-ness days after operation concerned becomes an open record. ‘‘(j) T
RAINING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) M
INIMUM TRAINING REQUIREMENTS FOR  
LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—On and after the date that is three years after the date of the en-actment of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017, eligible defense items may not be transferred to a State or local law enforcement agency of a State under this section unless the Governor of the State (or the designee of the Governor) cer-tifies to the Director of the Defense Logis-tics Agency that the State has in place min-imum training requirements for all sworn law enforcement officers in the State, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) a requirement that anyone that has decision-making authority on the deploy-ment of a SWAT team attends the National Tactical Officers Association unit com-manders course or an equivalent within 1 year of commencing the exercise of such au-thority; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.070 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3375 May 26, 2016 
‘‘(ii) specialized leadership training re-quirements for unit commanders who have— ‘‘(I) decision-making authority on the de-ployment of SWAT teams and tactical mili-tary vehicles; or ‘‘(II) responsibility for drafting policies on the use of force and SWAT team deployment; ‘‘(iii) annual specialized SWAT team train-ing requirements for all SWAT team mem-bers, including in law enforcement tactics used in tactical operations; ‘‘(iv) annual training requirements for all law enforcement officers that are members of specialized tactical units other than SWAT teams (including high-risk warrant service teams, hostage rescue teams, and drug enforcement task forces); ‘‘(v) annual training on the general polic-ing standards of the law enforcement agency on equipment such as eligible defense items; ‘‘(vi) annual training on sensitivity, in-cluding training on ethnic and racial bias, cultural diversity, and police interaction with the disabled, mentally ill, and new im-migrants; ‘‘(vii) annual training in crowd control tac-tics for any officers that may be called upon to participate in crowd control efforts; and ‘‘(viii) such other training as recommended by the evaluation conducted pursuant to sec-tion 1051(d) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. ‘‘(B) S
ATISFACTION BY RECENT HIREES .—The requirements under subparagraph (A) shall provide for the first completion of the train-ing concerned by an individual who becomes an officer in a law enforcement agency by not later than one year after the date on which the individual becomes an officer in the law enforcement agency. ‘‘(C) R
ECORD -KEEPING .—Each law enforce-ment agency to which eligible defense items are transferred pursuant to this section shall retain training records of each office author-ized to use such items, either in the per-sonnel file of the officer or by the training division or equivalent entity of the agency, for not less than three years after the date on which the training occurs, and shall pro-vide a copy of such records to the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency upon request. ‘‘(2) I
NTERPRETATION OF THIS SECTION .—The training requirements in paragraph (1)(A) shall, for the purpose of obtaining equipment under this section, supersede and override the training requirements issued pursuant to Executive Order 13688. ‘‘(k) C
ONSTRUCTION WITHOTHER DLA A U-
THORITY .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to override, alter, or supersede the authority of the Director of the Defense Lo-gistics Agency to dispose of property of the Department of Defense that is not an eligible defense item to law enforcement agencies under another other provision of law. ‘‘(l) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘bayonet’ means a large knife designed to be attached to the muzzle of a rifle, shotgun, or long gun for the pur-poses of hand-to-hand combat. ‘‘(2) The term ‘breaching apparatus’ means a tool designed to provide law enforcement rapid entry into a building or through a se-cured doorway, including battering rams or similar entry devices, ballistic devices, and explosive devices. ‘‘(3) The term ‘controlled defense item’ means property of the Department of De-fense that is subject to the restrictions of the United States Munitions List (22 Code of Federal Regulations Part 121) or the Com-merce Control List (15 Code of Federal Regu-lations Part 774). ‘‘(4) The term ‘eligible defense item’ means a controlled defense item that is eligible for transfer to a law enforcement agency pursu-ant to this section. ‘‘(5) The term ‘fixed wing manned aircraft’ means a powered aircraft with a crew aboard, such as airplanes, that uses a fixed wing for lift. ‘‘(6) The term ‘grenade launcher’ means a firearm or firearm accessory designed to launch small explosive projectiles. ‘‘(7) The term ‘riot baton’ means a non-ex-pandable baton of greater length than serv-ice-issued types that are intended to protect its wielder during melees by providing dis-tance from assailants. The term does not in-clude a service-issued telescopic or fixed length straight baton. ‘‘(8) The term ‘specialized firearm and am-munition under .50-caliber’ means a weapon and corresponding ammunition for special-ized operations or assignments. The term does not include service-issued handguns, ri-fles, or shotguns that are issued or approved by an agency to be used during the course of regularly assigned duties. ‘‘(9) The term ‘State Coordinator’ means an individual appointed by the Governor of a State— ‘‘(A) to manage requests of State and local law enforcement agencies of the State for el-igible defense items; and ‘‘(B) to ensure the appropriate use of eligi-ble defense items transferred under this sec-tion by such law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(10) The term ‘State or local law enforce-ment agency’ means a State or local agency or entity with law enforcement officers that have arrest and apprehension authority and whose primary function is to enforce the laws. The term includes a local educational agency with such officers. The term does not include a firefighting agency or entity. ‘‘(11) The term ‘SWAT team’ means a Spe-cial Weapons and Tactics team or other spe-cialized tactical team composed of State or local sworn law enforcement officers. ‘‘(12) The term ‘tactical military vehicle’ means an armored vehicle having military characteristics resulting from military re-search and development processes that is de-signed primarily for use by forces in the field in direct connection with, or support of, combat or tactical operations. ‘‘(13) The term ‘tracked armored vehicle’ means a vehicle that provides ballistic pro-tection to their occupants and utilize a tracked system instead of wheels for forward motion. ‘‘(14) The term ‘unmanned aerial vehicle’ means a remotely piloted, powered aircraft without a crew aboard. ‘‘(15) The term ‘wheeled armored vehicle’ means any wheeled vehicle either purpose- built or modified to provide ballistic protec-tion to its occupants, such as an Armored Personnel Carrier. ‘‘(16) The term ‘wheeled tactical vehicle’ means a vehicle purpose-built to operate onroad and offroad in support of military op-erations, such as a HMMWV (‘Humvee’), 2.5ton truck, 5ton truck, or a vehicle with a breaching or entry apparatus attached.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 26, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the U.S. Livestock and Poultry Sectors: Marketplace Opportunities and Chal-lenges.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 26, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Amer-ica from the Threat of ISIS.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 26, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on May 26, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SR–428A of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SBA’s 7(a) Loan Guarantee Pro-gram.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 26, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON WESTERN HEMISPHERE , 
TRANSNATIONAL CRIME , CIVILIAN SECURITY , 
DEMOCRACY , HUMAN RIGHTS , AND GLOBAL  
WOMEN ’S ISSUES  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 26, 2016, at 9 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Cartels and the U.S. Heroin Epidemic: Combating Drug Vio-lence and Public Health Crisis.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that CDR Andrew Cook, a defense legislative fellow in my office, be granted privileges of the floor during the remainder of this session of Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.070 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3376 May 26, 2016 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Noam Levinson and Andrea Witte, be granted floor privileges through July 15. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following people, Marian Gibson, Debra Prescott, Eric Hanson, and Tim McCrosson, detailees to the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the second session of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 94– 201, as amended by Public Law 105–275, appoints the following individual as a member of the Board of Trustees of the American Folklife Center of the Li-brary of Congress: John Patrick Rice of Nevada. 
f 
SEQUENTIAL REFERRAL—PN1385 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as in executive session, I ask unanimous consent that upon the reporting out of or discharge of PN1385—which has been referred to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation— the nomination then be referred to the Committee on Armed Services for a pe-riod not to exceed 45 calendar days, after which the nomination, if still in committee, be discharged and placed on the Executive Calendar. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Calendar Nos. 574 through 590 and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk; that the nominations be confirmed en bloc, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further mo-tions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Scott F. Benedict Col. Jason Q. Bohm Col. Brian W. Cavanaugh Col. Daniel B. Conley Col. Francis L. Donovan Col. Ryan P. Heritage Col. Christopher A. McPhillips Col. William H. Seely, III Col. Robert B. Sofge, Jr. Col. Matthew G. Trollinger IN THE ARMY  The following Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be major general Brig. Gen. Linda L. Singh 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Jon C. Kreitz 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment as Chief of the Air Force Reserve and appointment to the grade of lieutenant gen-eral in the Reserve of the Air Force while as-signed to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 8038: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Maryanne Miller The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Kenneth S. Wilsbach The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Charles Q. Brown, Jr. 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Darryl A. Williams The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Michael D. Lundy The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Jeffrey S. Buchanan The following named officer for appoint-ment as the Dean of the Academic Board, United States Military Academy, and for ap-pointment to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 4335: To be brigadier general Col. Cindy R. Jebb 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be brigadier general Col. Sidney N. Martin IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment as Vice Chief of Naval Operations and appointment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 5035: To be admiral Vice Adm. William F. Moran The following named officer for appoint-ment as Chief of Naval Personnel and ap-pointment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 5141: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Robert P. Burke The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Thomas J. Moore The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Vice Adm. Jan E. Tighe 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be major general Brig. Gen. David G. Bassett Brig. Gen. Willard M. Burleson, III Brig. Gen. Christopher G. Cavoli Brig. Gen. David C. Coburn Brig. Gen. Stephen E. Farmen Brig. Gen. Bryan P. Fenton Brig. Gen. Malcolm B. Frost Brig. Gen. Patricia A. Frost Brig. Gen. Douglas M. Gabram Brig. Gen. Peter A. Gallagher Brig. Gen. John A. George Brig. Gen. Randy A. George Brig. Gen. Michael L. Howard Brig. Gen. Sean M. Jenkins Brig. Gen. John P. Johnson Brig. Gen. Richard G. Kaiser Brig. Gen. John S. Kern Brig. Gen. Robert L. Marion Brig. Gen. Timothy P. McGuire Brig. Gen. Dennis S. McKean Brig. Gen. Terrence J. McKenrick Brig. Gen. Christopher P. McPadden Brig. Gen. Daniel G. Mitchell Brig. Gen. Frank M. Muth Brig. Gen. Erik C. Peterson Brig. Gen. Leopoldo A. Quintas, Jr. Brig. Gen. Kurt J. Ryan Brig. Gen. Mark C. Schwartz Brig. Gen. Wilson A. Shoffner, Jr. Brig. Gen. Kurt L. Sonntag Brig. Gen. Scott A. Spellmon Brig. Gen. Randy S. Taylor Brig. Gen. Eric J. Wesley 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be admiral Adm. Michelle J. Howard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\S26MY6.REC S26MY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3377 May 26, 2016 
NOMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN1431 AIR FORCE nomination of Chris-topher R. McNulty, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1467 AIR FORCE nominations (45) begin-ning ZACHARY P. AUGUSTINE, and ending BRIAN A. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1468 AIR FORCE nominations (14) begin-ning WILLIAM J. FECKE, and ending JANET K. URBANSKI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1471 AIR FORCE nominations (61) begin-ning MICHAEL CHRISTOPHER AHL, and ending LISA MARIE WOTKOWICZ, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1472 AIR FORCE nominations (41) begin-ning TIMOTHY JAMES ANDERSON, and ending JUSTIN L. WOLTHUIZEN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1473 AIR FORCE nominations (99) begin-ning VICTORIA D. ABLES, and ending MAT-THEW G. ZINN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. 
IN THE ARMY  PN1273 ARMY nomination of Fany L. Ri-vera, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1298 ARMY nomination of Todd E. Schroeder, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1345 ARMY nomination of Monica J. Milton, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1410 ARMY nominations (284) beginning MICHELLE M. AGPALZA, and ending D012971, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 28, 2016. PN1411 ARMY nominations (327) beginning JACOB I. ABRAMI, and ending G010400, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 28, 2016. PN1412 ARMY nominations (455) beginning RICHARD R. AARON, and ending D012923, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 28, 2016. PN1413 ARMY nomination of Carl J. Wojtaszek, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 28, 2016. PN1414 ARMY nomination of G010339, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 28, 2016. PN1415 ARMY nomination of Michael A. Izzo, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 28, 2016. PN1416 ARMY nomination of Joshua R. Pounders, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 28, 2016. PN1432 ARMY nomination of Ernest C. Lee, Jr., which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1433 ARMY nominations (132) beginning TERRANCE W. ADAMS, and ending CYN-THIA M. ZAPOTOCZNY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1434 ARMY nominations (53) beginning JENNIFER L. ADAMSBUCKHOUSE, and ending MELVIN W. ZIMMER, JR., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1435 ARMY nominations (184) beginning JEFFREY A. ABELE, and ending JAMES M. ZIEBA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1436 ARMY nomination of Kathryn A. Katz, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1437 ARMY nomination of Bryan P. Hendren, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1438 ARMY nomination of Weston C. Goring, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1439 ARMY nomination of Srilalitha Donepudi, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1474 ARMY nomination of Daniel P. Fisher, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1475 ARMY nomination of Darin J. Blatt, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1476 ARMY nomination of Zoltan L. Krompecher, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1477 ARMY nomination of John D. Wingeart, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1478 ARMY nomination of Janelle V. Kutter, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1479 ARMY nomination of Kevin T. Reeves, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1481 ARMY nomination of Ankita B. Patel, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1485 ARMY nomination of Marshall H. Smith, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. 
IN THE FOREIGN SERVICE  PN1370 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (6) beginning Mariano J. Beillard, and ending William G. Verzani, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  PN1123 MARINE CORPS nomination of David M. Sousa, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 28, 2016. PN1136 MARINE CORPS nominations (46) beginning JEFFREY J. ABRAMAITYS, and ending ERICH H. WAGNER, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Janu-ary 28, 2016. PN1137 MARINE CORPS nominations (91) beginning RICHARD T. ANDERSON, and ending SETH E. YOST, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 28, 2016. PN1146 MARINE CORPS nominations (323) beginning VICTOR M. ABELSON, and ending MATTHEW P. ZUMMO, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 1, 2016. 
IN THE NAVY  PN1199 NAVY nomination of Jason A. Grant, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 3, 2016. PN1278 NAVY nomination of Darren J. Donley, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 17, 2016. PN1310 NAVY nomination of Marc D. Boran, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1311 NAVY nomination of Scott P. Smith, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 5, 2016. PN1417 NAVY nominations (38) beginning JOSEPH F. ABRUTZ, III, and ending MI-CHAEL P. WOLCHKO, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 28, 2016. PN1418 NAVY nomination of David H. McAlister, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 28, 2016. PN1449 NAVY nomination of Devin D. Burns, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. f LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
THE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar Nos. 486 through 498 en bloc. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bills be read a third time and passed, and the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BARRY G. MILLER POST OFFICE The bill (S. 2465) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 15 Rochester Street in Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Mil-ler Post Office, was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2465 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. BARRY G. MILLER POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street in Bergen, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Barry G. Miller Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Barry G. Miller Post Office’’. f 
KENNETH M. CHRISTY POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (S. 2891) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 525 North Broadway in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:08 Jun 08, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\S26MY6.REC S26MY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3378 May 26, 2016 
Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building,’’ was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2891 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. KENNETH M. CHRISTY POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 North Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’. f 
CAMP PENDLETON MEDAL OF HONOR POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 136) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
W. RONALD COALE MEMORIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 1132) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
LIONEL R. COLLINS, SR. POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 2458) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boule-vard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
HAROLD GEORGE BENNETT POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 2928) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Per-ryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office,’’ was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
DARYLE HOLLOWAY POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 3082) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. f 
FRANCIS MANUEL ORTEGA POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 3274) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
MELVOID J. BENSON POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 3601) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Build-ing,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
MAYA ANGELOU MEMORIAL POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 3735) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Of-fice,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
FIRST LIEUTENANT SALVATORE S. CORMA II POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 3866) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Township, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building,’’ was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SECOND LT. ELLEN AINSWORTH MEMORIAL POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 4046) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wisconsin, as the Sec-ond Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office, was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SGT. 1ST CLASS TERRYL L. PASKER POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 4605) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SPECIALIST ROSS A. M CGINNIS MEMORIAL POST OFFICE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 433 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 433) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 433) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
PATENTS FOR HUMANITY PROGRAM IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 1402 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1402) to allow acceleration cer-tificates awarded under the Patents for Hu-manity Program to be transferable. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today the Senate is passing legislation to strengthen an important humanitarian innovation prize created by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, PTO. Since 2012, the Patents for Humanity Award has recognized selected patent holders who use their inventions to ad-dress humanitarian needs. The legisla-tion the Senate passed today will strengthen the award program and en-courage innovators to continue using their work for humanitarian goals. The innovations that are recognized by the Patents for Humanity Award program help underserved people throughout the world. Award winners have worked to improve nutrition, pro-vide clean drinking water, fix broken bones in remote hospitals that lack x- ray technology, bring solar-powered energy to villages that are off the power grid, and combat the problem of dangerous counterfeit drugs, among other achievements. Winners of the Patents for Humanity Award dem-onstrate that our patent system does more than drive economic gain for in-dividual companies; it can incentivize research and discoveries that promote humanitarian good. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.082 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3379 May 26, 2016 
Winners of the Patents for Humanity Award receive a one-time certificate to accelerate a process or application at the PTO, as described in the program rules. For several years, small busi-nesses and global health groups have told me that the prize would be more usable, particularly for small business innovators, if the acceleration certifi-cates awarded were transferable to a third party. Award winners who are not able to use the acceleration certificate themselves will be able to transfer the certificate to another inventor, includ-ing through sale, allowing the winner to receive a cash benefit. By making the certificates transferable, we are in-creasing the value of this humani-tarian innovation prize without using a single taxpayer dollar. The thoughtful structure of the Pat-ents for Humanity Award program, set forth in its founding documents in the Federal Register, will ensure that this program remains sustainable and does not unduly burden the PTO or other patent applicants whose applications are pending before the Office. The award is granted to only a select num-ber of patent holders per year—ap-proximately 10 or fewer, with a further 20 applications receiving honorable mentions—and the PTO has provided clear guidance on the types of proc-esses for which the certificates may be used. Program judges are selected based on recognized subject matter ex-pertise, with clear competition cri-teria, and rules in place to prevent con-flicts of interest. These practices and safeguards, which are described in de-tail in the Federal Register at 79 Fed. Reg. 18670 and 77 Fed. Reg. 6544, will en-sure that the program continues to op-erate appropriately and well. The Patents for Humanity Program Improvement Act is a straightforward and bipartisan bill that will strengthen this valuable innovation program and encourage inventions to be used for hu-manitarian good. I thank other Sen-ators for supporting this bill and urge the House to pass it without delay. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 1402) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1402 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Patents for Humanity Program Improvement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TRANSFERABILITY OF ACCELERATION CERTIFICATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A holder of an accelera-tion certificate issued pursuant to the Pat-ents for Humanity Program (established in the notice entitled ‘‘Humanitarian Awards Pilot Program’’, published at 77 Fed. Reg. 6544 (February 8, 2012)), or any successor thereto, of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, may transfer (including by sale) the entitlement to such acceleration certificate to another person. (b) REQUIREMENT .—An acceleration certifi-cate transferred under subsection (a) shall be subject to any other applicable limitations under the notice entitled ‘‘Humanitarian Awards Pilot Program’’, published at 77 Fed. Reg. 6544 (February 8, 2012), or any successor thereto. f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH AS AN OPPOR-TUNITY TO RAISE AWARENESS ABOUT THE CHALLENGES OF CHILDREN IN THE FOSTER-CARE SYSTEM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the HELP Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate pro-ceed to the consideration of S. Res. 466. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 466) recognizing Na-tional Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster-care system, and en-couraging Congress to implement policy to improve the lives of children in the foster- care system. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, the month of May gives us the chance to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster care system and to consider ways to improve policies and practices to ensure that children are in safe, loving, and permanent homes. There are nearly 415,000 chil-dren living in foster care; more than 255,000 entered the foster care system in 2014 alone. According to the Adoption and Fos-ter Care Analysis and Reporting Sys-tem, AFCARS, data for fiscal year 2014, the vast majority of foster children re-side with a foster parent: 29 percent live in the foster family home of a rel-ative, and 46 percent live in the foster family home of a non-relative. The rest live in institutions, 8 percent; groups homes, 6 percent; pre-adoptive homes, 4 percent; trial home visits, 5 percent; supervised independent living, 1 per-cent; or are runaways, 1 percent. As co-founder and co-chair of the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth, I led a bipartisan and bicameral group of col-leagues in introducing legislation rec-ognizing May as National Foster Care Month. The resolution aims to bring foster care issues to the forefront and recognize the essential role that foster parents, social workers, and advocates have in the lives of children in foster care. While there have been vast improve-ments over the years, there are many challenges still facing our Nation’s youth. These children have experienced abuse or neglect, often both. They can be moved from home to home, trans-ferred from one school to the next, and endure trauma and mental health chal-lenges. Older foster youth face difficult challenges as well. They deal with sep-aration from their parents, educational instability, separation disorders, and depression, as well as challenge of transitioning to adulthood on their own. Whereas youth in foster care are much more likely to face educational instability with 65 percent of former foster children experiencing at least seven school changes while in care. The number of youth who age out of foster care has steadily increased for the past decade as well. The resolution encourages Congress to implement policy that further the goals of safety and permanency. The resolution currently has 24 co-sponsors. Because there are so many issues that affect youth in the foster care sys-tem, it is important that members of Congress understand the realities be-yond the beltway. That is why I helped form the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth. Our caucus was created to be a clearinghouse for members in the Sen-ate to discuss policy issues that cross many committee jurisdictions. Our caucus was also created to help gen-erate better ideas and best practices. We want people to learn from both youth and experts. And we want these ideas to be put into practice. Today, 21 Senators are committed members of the Foster Youth Caucus. It is a bipar-tisan caucus that focuses on under-standing the challenges that foster youth face and finding solutions that can improve their lives. Because of the challenges facing older youth, I held a hearing as chair-man of the Judiciary Committee to ex-amine the interplay between the foster care system and the juvenile justice system when children are involved with both systems. The hearing focused on what data, or lack thereof, cur-rently exists about children involved in both systems, the risk factors associ-ated with foster children who become exposed to the juvenile justice system, and how to improve on current best practices implemented by the foster care and juvenile justice systems. My goal for holding this hearing was to spark innovative solutions and to forge relationships between two dis-tinct groups—the juvenile justice sys-tem and child welfare system. The ex-perts in these fields must come to-gether to help dually involved youth who are in need of services. It was also a renewed call for Con-gress to pass the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Reauthoriza-tion Act, which I helped author. If this measure is enacted, States partici-pating in the juvenile justice formula grants program couldn’t lock up foster care children merely for running away from a foster home. Some of these run-aways are fleeing abusive situations and detention isn’t the right place for them. Our bill, which awaits action by the full Senate, also encourages States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.096 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3380 May 26, 2016 
receiving juvenile justice formula grants to screen children with mental illness or substance abuse issues. Fi-nally, our bill would encourage States to rely on policies and practices that reflect the most recent research on what works best with troubled youth. Also during May, the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth held several forums to allow foster youth to share their expe-riences and to hear from experts about how policies can be improved for chil-dren and families. The caucus hosted a three-part series of panel discussions on the impact of substance abuse and mental health dis-orders on children and families in-volved in the child welfare system. We heard directly from youth, learned more about how the opioid epidemic is impacting families, how to prevent fos-ter care by working with families, and how to better achieve positive out-comes through in-home services. We were fortunate to have Iowa’s Judge William Owens from the Wapello Coun-ty Family Drug Court. Judge Owens highlighted how professionals working with child welfare-involved families have changed their practice and poli-cies in his county leading to improved outcomes for families. On the same topic, I co-hosted Dr. Phil who shared his expertise with pol-icymakers in helping families in crisis dealing with substance abuse issues. He focused on the link between the cur-rent opioid epidemic and the rising number of children placed in foster care. The caucus also partnered with other child welfare organizations on a brief-ing about foster parent recruitment and retention. The frontline caregivers for hundreds of thousands of children in foster care are foster parents. They provide physical care, emotional sup-port, education advocacy, and, many times, a permanent home and future for these kids. Sometimes they are rel-atives; sometimes they are complete strangers. But no matter who they are, they are opening their hearts and homes to children in need. Because more children are coming into care, we need to do all we can to recruit quality foster parents to keep these kids safe, healthy, in school, and thriving in soci-ety. At the end of the month, I helped co- sponsor a briefing to discuss effective practices for youth transitioning out of foster care. Because 26,000 young people leave foster care without a forever family and with limited resources and little support, we need to do better to guide and help this population success-fully navigate the real world of adult-hood. It was an opportunity to learn about intensive, individualized and clinically focused case management and counseling, which has proven re-sults for long-term success. Finally, I participated in a Senate Finance Committee hearing titled, ‘‘Can Evidence Based Practices Im-prove Outcomes for Vulnerable Individ-uals and Families?’’ As a senior mem-ber of the Finance Committee and the author of many child welfare laws that have gone through that committee, I was able to listen and ask questions of experts about how we can move to more evidenced-based programs and learn from programs that are success-ful. The hope for panel discussions and briefings is to find innovative solu-tions—whether through legislation or awareness and shifts in practice. This year, I also urged the Depart-ment of Education to work with States to implement a provision I helped pass in the Every Student Succeeds Act. This education bill includes new data collection and reporting provisions to shine a light on achievement gaps for students who have long been over-looked in federally funded education, including homeless and foster youth. I have also worked on several bills this year to improve foster care poli-cies. The Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act would reduce the amount of time it takes to place children by incentivizing more States to imple-ment the National Electronic Inter-state Compact Enterprise, or NEICE system. Six pilot States that utilized NEICE, on average, reduced wait times for children by 30 percent and antici-pate savings of $1.6 million per year in reduced copying, mailing, and adminis-trative costs. Throughout the country, caseworkers often avoid exploring out- of-state placements because of the long delays in processing the paperwork. Our bill gives incentives to States to join the NEICE system and streamline the paperwork to make foster care placements and eventual adoption hap-pen faster. The more we can do to give children safe, stable homes, the better. The increased displacement of kids due to parental substance abuse, including opioid abuse, makes this cause espe-cially important. The Protecting Families Affected by Substance Abuse Act would reauthor-ize for 5 years the regional partnership grants that were created in 2006 when I was chairman of the Finance Com-mittee. While the original intent of the 2006 grants was to address meth-amphetamine abuse, the scope ex-panded to other substances as new problems emerged. Opioid addiction is a key focus of the new bill, as we have seen the havoc prescription painkillers and heroin continue to have on fami-lies and communities around the na-tion. The grants support regional part-nerships for services including early intervention and preventive services; child and family counseling; mental health services; parenting skills train-ing; and replication of successful mod-els for providing family-based, com-prehensive long-term substance abuse treatment services. Supporting Foster Youth Who Age Out—this bill would allow States to use these Federal dollars for foster youth services up to age 23 and further help those who age out of care with more opportunities to transition to adulthood. It also would allow greater flexibility for States to use their funds in a manner that best benefits the youth population they serve. The legis-lation builds on the Chafee Foster Care Independence Program, created by then-Senator John Chafee in 1999 to better support youth who age out of the foster care system at the age of 18. The program provides financial support for youth who are transitioning to adulthood with the goal to make them self-sufficient. For years, I have tried to call atten-tion to the issues facing foster care youth, which consists of more than 415,000 children nationwide, more than 6,000 of whom live with one of Iowa’s approximately 2,700 foster families. As founder and co-chair of the Senate Cau-cus on Foster Youth, I often have the opportunity to hear firsthand from kids growing up in foster care. Foster youth long to be heard. These children need permanency and a loving family, not to be shuffled around from home to home. They tell me that important im-provements have recently been made, but there are still gaps in services that could be solved with a combination of policy changes and citizen involve-ment. While this population of youth de-serves year-round attention, we honor them this month. This is an especially important time to have discussions about how we can improve their lives and strengthen their families. It is im-portant, too, that we remember all of the other individuals involved in help-ing children who are in the foster care system—including caseworkers, social workers, guardians, child welfare advo-cates, and foster families. Our work on this issue will continue. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 466) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of May 16, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SUPPORTING THE DESIGNATION OF MAY 2016 AS ‘‘MENTAL HEALTH MONTH’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 480, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 480) supporting the designation of May 2016 as ‘‘Mental Health Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.099 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3381 May 26, 2016 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 480) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SIGNIFICANCE OF MAY 2016 AS ASIAN/PACIFIC AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res 481, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 481) recognizing the significance of May 2016 as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and as an impor-tant time to celebrate the significant con-tributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers to the history of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise today to join in the recognition and celebration of the month of May as Asian Pacific American Heritage Month. This month, we celebrate the many contributions Asian American and Pacific Islanders, AAPI, have made to the United States and their cul-tures, traditions, and history. In 1978, Congress passed a joint congressional resolution to commemorate Asian/Pa-cific American Heritage Week during the first week of May in 1979, and in 1992, Congress passed legislation that annually designated May as Asian Pa-cific American Heritage Month. Congress chose May because two im-portant anniversaries occurred during this month. On May 7, 1843, the first Japanese immigrants arrived in Amer-ica. May 10 is the anniversary of the transcontinental railroad’s completion in 1869. Many of the workers who laid the tracks for this railroad were Chi-nese immigrants. These two dates only begin to describe the innumerable con-tributions that Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders have made to this country. The AAPI community of over 18 million draws from a variety of dis-tinct cultures, each of which has en-riched American society and chal-lenged our Nation to aspire to be bet-ter. This community comprises 45 dis-tinct ethnicities and more than 100 dif-ferent languages. Through hard work and a steadfast commitment to Amer-ican ideals, Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders have strengthened this country as leaders, laborers, activists, artists, and trail-blazers. I remember our beloved former col-league, Senator Daniel K. Inouye, who lost an arm defending America during World War II as part of the ‘‘Go for Broke’’ 442nd Regiment, which was composed almost entirely of American soldiers of Japanese ancestry and be-came the most decorated unit for its size and length of service in the history of American warfare. In Maryland, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders have made significant contributions and serve our Nation with distinction. The Honorable Theodore D. Chuang of Bethesda, for example, is a U.S. Dis-trict Judge of the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland and is the first Asian American judge in history to sit on the Federal bench in Mary-land or the Fourth Circuit, which in-cludes Maryland and four other States. As the former chairman and current ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia and the Pacific, I have been closely en-gaged on issues affecting the Asia-Pa-cific American community and their families abroad. I will continue to work on behalf of this community, es-pecially on issues such as human rights, security, and peace. I have, therefore, cosponsored two resolutions related to Asian Pacific Heritage Month. One resolution—the one the Senate is currently considering—recog-nizes the accomplishments of Asian American and Pacific Islanders and May 2016 as Asian Pacific American Heritage Month. The other resolution notes the historical significance of Japanese internment and its end. I sup-port this resolution, too, because as we honor Asian Americans, we must re-member and acknowledge that dark stain on our history as we redouble our efforts to ensure that the United States of America remains a beacon of tolerance and inclusion. Discrimina-tion based on the actual or perceived race, ethnicity, national origin, reli-gion, gender, or sexual orientation of people is anathema to the values we cherish as Americans. Once again, I would like to thank Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islander Americans in Maryland and all around the country for their tremendous contributions to and sacrifices for our Nation. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 481) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 3011 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3011) to improve the account-ability, efficiency, transparency, and overall effectiveness of the Federal Government. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS AUTHORITY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Sen-ate, the President pro tempore, and the majority and minority leaders be au-thorized to make appointments to com-missions, committees, boards, con-ferences, or interparliamentary con-ferences authorized by law, by concur-rent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, MAY 27, 2016, THROUGH MONDAY, JUNE 6, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, May 27, at 12:30 p.m.; Tuesday, May 31, at 8:30 a.m.; Friday, June 3, at 1 p.m.; I further ask that when the Senate ad-journs on Friday, June 3, it next con-vene at 2 p.m. on Monday, June 6; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; I ask that following leader re-marks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 4 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 12:30 P.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.109 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3382 May 26, 2016 
There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:31 p.m., adjourned until Friday, May 27, 2016, at 12:30 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REGISTERED AGENTS  
AND BROKERS  
MARGUERITE SALAZAR, OF COLORADO, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REGISTERED AGENTS AND BROKERS FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS. (NEW POSITION) 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
THOMAS ATKIN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE ERIC ROSENBACH, RE-SIGNED. DANIEL P. FEEHAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE FRED-ERICK VOLLRATH, RESIGNED. 
FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
REBECCA F. DYE, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE A FED-ERAL MARITIME COMMISSIONER FOR THE TERM EXPIR-ING JUNE 30, 2020. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
PETER MICHAEL MCKINLEY, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERATIVE REPUBLIC OF BRAZIL. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY P. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOSEPH J. STREFF THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ROBERT A. CRISOSTOMO COL. ANTHONY P. DIGIACOMO II COL. DANIEL J. HILL COL. KENNETH A. NAVA 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. DAVID H. BERGER 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JOSEPH H. IMWALLE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
DOUGLAS MAURER 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
DANIEL L. CHRISTENSEN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
HOWARD D. WATT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be commander 
DANIEL MORALES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
STEFAN M. GROETSCH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
JEFFREY M. BIERLEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
MICHAEL G. ZAKAROFF 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate May 26, 2016: 
UNITED NATIONS  
LAURA S. H. HOLGATE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE REP-RESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE VIENNA OFFICE OF THE UNITED NATIONS, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. 
INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC ENERGY AGENCY  
LAURA S. H. HOLGATE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE THE REP-RESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC ENERGY AGENCY, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. SCOTT F. BENEDICT COL. JASON Q. BOHM COL. BRIAN W. CAVANAUGH COL. DANIEL B. CONLEY COL. FRANCIS L. DONOVAN COL. RYAN P. HERITAGE COL. CHRISTOPHER A. MCPHILLIPS COL. WILLIAM H. SEELY III COL. ROBERT B. SOFGE, JR. COL. MATTHEW G. TROLLINGER 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. LINDA L. SINGH 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JON C. KREITZ 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS CHIEF OF THE AIR FORCE RESERVE AND APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE WHILE ASSIGNED TO A PO-SITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 8038: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MARYANNE MILLER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. KENNETH S. WILSBACH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. CHARLES Q. BROWN, JR. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DARRYL A. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MICHAEL D. LUNDY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JEFFREY S. BUCHANAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE DEAN OF THE ACADEMIC BOARD, UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY, AND FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 4335: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CINDY R. JEBB 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. SIDNEY N. MARTIN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS VICE CHIEF OF NAVAL OPERATIONS AND APPOINT-MENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5035: 
To be admiral 
VICE ADM. WILLIAM F. MORAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS CHIEF OF NAVAL PERSONNEL AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5141: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) ROBERT P. BURKE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. THOMAS J. MOORE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. JAN E. TIGHE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DAVID G. BASSETT BRIG. GEN. WILLARD M. BURLESON III BRIG. GEN. CHRISTOPHER G. CAVOLI BRIG. GEN. DAVID C. COBURN BRIG. GEN. STEPHEN E. FARMEN BRIG. GEN. BRYAN P. FENTON BRIG. GEN. MALCOLM B. FROST BRIG. GEN. PATRICIA A. FROST BRIG. GEN. DOUGLAS M. GABRAM BRIG. GEN. PETER A. GALLAGHER BRIG. GEN. JOHN A. GEORGE BRIG. GEN. RANDY A. GEORGE BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL L. HOWARD BRIG. GEN. SEAN M. JENKINS BRIG. GEN. JOHN P. JOHNSON BRIG. GEN. RICHARD G. KAISER BRIG. GEN. JOHN S. KEM BRIG. GEN. ROBERT L. MARION BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY P. MCGUIRE BRIG. GEN. DENNIS S. MCKEAN BRIG. GEN. TERRENCE J. MCKENRICK BRIG. GEN. CHRISTOPHER P. MCPADDEN BRIG. GEN. DANIEL G. MITCHELL BRIG. GEN. FRANK M. MUTH BRIG. GEN. ERIK C. PETERSON BRIG. GEN. LEOPOLDO A. QUINTAS, JR. BRIG. GEN. KURT J. RYAN BRIG. GEN. MARK C. SCHWARTZ BRIG. GEN. WILSON A. SHOFFNER, JR. BRIG. GEN. KURT L. SONNTAG BRIG. GEN. SCOTT A. SPELLMON BRIG. GEN. RANDY S. TAYLOR BRIG. GEN. ERIC J. WESLEY 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be admiral 
ADM. MICHELLE J. HOWARD 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G26MY6.111 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3383 May 26, 2016 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER R. MCNUL-TY, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ZACHARY P. AUGUSTINE AND ENDING WITH BRIAN A. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 18, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WILLIAM J. FECKE AND ENDING WITH JANET K. URBANSKI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 18, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL CHRISTOPHER AHL AND ENDING WITH LISA MARIE WOTKOWICZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 18, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TIMOTHY JAMES ANDERSON AND ENDING WITH JUSTIN L. WOLTHUIZEN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 18, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH VICTORIA D. ABLES AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW G. ZINN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 18, 2016. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF FANY L. RIVERA, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF TODD E. SCHROEDER, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MONICA J. MILTON, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHELLE M. AGPALZA AND ENDING WITH D012971, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 28, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JACOB I. ABRAMI AND ENDING WITH G010400, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 28, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD R. AARON AND ENDING WITH D012923, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 28, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF CARL J. WOJTASZEK, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF G010339, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL A. IZZO, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOSHUA R. POUNDERS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF ERNEST C. LEE, JR., TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TERRANCE W. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH CYNTHIA M. ZAPOTOCZNY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JENNIFER L. ADAMSBUCKHOUSE AND ENDING WITH MELVIN W. ZIM-MER, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEFFREY A. ABELE AND ENDING WITH JAMES M. ZIEBA, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF KATHRYN A. KATZ, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRYAN P. HENDREN, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF WESTON C. GORING, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF SRILALITHA DONEPUDI, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF DANIEL P. FISHER, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DARIN J. BLATT, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ZOLTAN L. KROMPECHER, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHN D. WINGEART, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JANELLE V. KUTTER, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF KEVIN T. REEVES, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ANKITA B. PATEL, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF MARSHALL H. SMITH, TO BE COLONEL. IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF DAVID M. SOUSA, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEF-FREY J. ABRAMAITYS AND ENDING WITH ERICH H. WAG-NER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SEN-ATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 28, 2016. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICH-ARD T. ANDERSON AND ENDING WITH SETH E. YOST, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 28, 2016. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH VIC-TOR M. ABELSON AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW P. ZUMMO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON FEBRUARY 1, 2016. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF JASON A. GRANT, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF DARREN J. DONLEY, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF MARC D. BORAN, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF SCOTT P. SMITH, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSEPH F. ABRUTZ III AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL P. WOLCHKO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 28, 2016. NAVY NOMINATION OF DAVID H. MCALISTER, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF DEVIN D. BURNS, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARIANO J. BEILLARD AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM G. VERZANI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A26MY6.008 S26MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE799 May 26, 2016 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposi-tion to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (H.R. 4909) Each year, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act provides a framework for our armed forces in the fiscal year ahead. Crafting and considering this legislation is a serious matter, one that has earned strong bipartisan support in the past. This year, House Republicans have instead decided to intentionally violate last year’s Bipartisan Budget Act and abdicate this Congress’ solemn responsibility to suffi-ciently fund our troops. H.R. 4909 takes $18 billion from Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO), the account that pays for our country’s fight against ISIS and other important military efforts, in order to fund base budget items that the President and the Department of Defense have not re-quested. This funding shift breaks the spirit of the Bipartisan Budget Act reached last Octo-ber and degrades our military’s readiness. Furthermore, H.R. 4909 stops authorization for OCO funding next April, long before the fiscal year ends, and places our servicemen and -women squarely in the middle of a partisan budget fight just months into the next presi-dent’s term. This is reckless and irresponsible, and Congress owes it to our troops to author-ize a full year of funding. H.R. 4909 also includes several disturbing Republican ideological stances that I find high-ly objectionable. This legislation fails to uphold President Obama’s protections for LGBT Americans who work for federal contractors and grantees and allows for discrimination against them. This outrageous partisan rider has absolutely no place in a bill that author-izes the funds necessary for our servicemen and -women to do the jobs they have bravely volunteered to do. Additionally, H.R. 4909 once again includes provisions that prevent President Obama from responsibly closing the prison at Guantanamo Bay, ensuring that the detention center will remain an extremist prop-aganda tool and a threat to our national secu-rity. Now that President Obama has put for-ward a plan to close the detention center re-sponsibly, Congress should move immediately to enact it. The closure of this facility is long overdue. House Republicans owe it to our service-men and -women to put forward legislation free from partisan ideological riders and ade-quately funds them for a full fiscal year. Unfor-tunately, H.R. 4909 falls far short of this. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (H.R. 4909). f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 18, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4974) making ap-propriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes: 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 4974, the Military Construc-tion and Veterans Affairs and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2017. Although I strongly support the bill’s funding for programs that support our nation’s service members and veterans, the legislation con-tained too many harmful provisions to earn my vote. Regrettably, the bill included language allowing federal contractors to discriminate against LGBT employees, as well as language to prevent the closing of the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. I was also concerned by the adoption of anti-labor amendments that will jeopardize the rights of workers on military construction projects. Though I oppose the final bill for those rea-sons, there were several provisions in the leg-islation that I support, including greater invest-ments in providing care to our veterans, and funding for military housing, infrastructure, and other services to give our men and women in uniform and their families the facilities and care they deserve. I hope to work with my col-leagues to improve this legislation as the ap-propriations process continues. 
f 
DEMOCRACY IN CRISIS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, tonight I rise with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus to urge our Republican colleagues to stop their reckless assault on the right to vote in America. First, let me thank my colleagues, Con-gresswoman J
OYCE BEATTY and Congressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , for organizing this important special order and for their dedicated leader-ship in ensuring equality and liberty for all. I’d also like to thank Chairman G. K. BUTTERFIELD for his mighty leadership of our caucus as we work to ensure all Americans have an equal voice at the ballot box. At the signing of the Voting Rights Act in 1965, President Johnson told the American people: ‘‘The vote is the most powerful instru-ment ever devised by man for breaking down injustice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men.’’ And Dr. King, our drum major for peace and justice, agreed saying: ‘‘Voting is the founda-tion stone for political action.’’ I am proud to say that we have come a long way in the 50 years since the signing of the Voting Rights Act. In April, the Supreme Court unanimously upheld ‘‘one person one vote’’ with its 8–0 ruling, in Evenwel v. Abbott. The ruling affirmed that legislative districts must continue to be drawn based on total popu-lation, not just the total number of voters. This will ensure that the concerns of all constitu-ents will be equally represented. However, we must confront the fact that our voting rights are once again under attack. There are many working to turn back the clock, so we must continue working to ensure that each man and woman has an equal voice at the ballot box. We cannot allow the victories of the Civil Rights Movement to be undone. In 2013, the Supreme Court opened the door to these voting rights attacks. In its Shelby v. Holder decision, the Court carelessly and callously gutted the milestone the Voting Rights Act. In the three years following this ruling, we’ve watched Republican state legislatures fall over themselves to erect new and undemocratic barriers to the ballot box. This year, 16 states instituted new restric-tions for the first time Let me repeat—for the first time, during a presidential election year, 16 states instituted new voting restrictions. And the clearly par-tisan nature of these voting rights attacks is not lost on the American people. These new barriers range from unnecessary voter ID laws, to ending same-day voter reg-istration and reducing or completing elimi-nating early voting. Since 2010, 21 states have implemented new restrictions. Mr. Speaker, this is a crisis; our democracy is in crisis. While states have put up barriers, Speaker R
YAN, Judiciary Chairman G OODLATTE and some Congressional Republicans have ig-nored the clear, bipartisan conscience to fix the Voting Rights Act and restore voting rights protections for all Americans. Republican Congressman J
AMES SENSEN -
BRENNER has introduced the bipartisan Voting Rights Amendment Act (H.R. 885), which I am proud to co-sponsor with 105 of my col-leagues, including 14 Republican Members representing 11 different states. But let me be clear—simply fixing the Voting Rights Act is not enough. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MY8.001 E26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE800 May 26, 2016 
We need to empower voters and Congress-woman S
EWELL ’Sbill—the Voting Rights Ad-vancement Act (H.R. 2867)—would do just that. Now—we often talk about how states in the south like Alabama have laws threatening vot-ing rights. But this is still an issue around the country, including in California. While California has implemented many policies that improve access to the ballot box, including vote-by-mail, automatic voter reg-istration and expanded absentee voting—we are not perfect. Three California counties—Kings County, Monterey County and Yuba County—were covered by the section 5 of the Voting Rights Act before the Shelby decision—meaning they needed preclearance from the Justice Depart-ment before changing voting rules or jurisdic-tion. Mr. Speaker, we must restore the preclearance process to prevent voter dis-crimination and disenfranchisement before it happens—not after. It is clear—our democracy is in a crisis. There is an assault against voting rights and we must come together to stop it. My Democratic colleagues and the Congres-sional Black Caucus are serious about pro-tecting voting rights and pass the Voting Rights Advancement Act. It is past time that all Republicans in Congress join our efforts to protect the foundation of our democracy: the right to vote. Our work is not over until the voice of EVERY American is equally heard. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5055) making ap-propriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses: 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, let me thank the Rank-ing Member and Chair for including language to recognize the importance of workplace di-versity in the Department of Energy’s National Laboratories and directing the Department to provide a detailed plan on the recruitment and retention with minority-serving institutions, in-cluding Historically Black Colleges and Univer-sities (HBCUs). I am also pleased that the bill includes lan-guage on Energy-Water Nexus initiative that I worked on with our Ranking Member M
ARCY  K
APTUR . This language encourages the De-partment of Energy to enter into an agreement with the Department of Agriculture at various national labs to work on development of af-fordable and efficient food production systems for our most food insecure communities. This is a critical step towards addressing food inse-curity and poverty. Lastly, I’m pleased that the Advanced Light Source program is fully funded in this bill at the level of $64.95 million in FY2017. This $2 million increase over FY 2016 enacted levels will ensure that these facilities remain fully operational, including the Advanced Light Source and Molecular Foundry at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab in my home district. However, I remain deeply concerned re-garding the many poison pill policy riders and low funding levels included in this spending bill. We know that California is experiencing an unprecedented drought coupled with the real effects of climate change. The fact that most of H.R. 2898, the Western Water and Amer-ican Food Security Act of 2015, has shame-fully been inserted into this bill is a disgrace. This harmful rider fails to adequately address critical elements of California’s complex water challenges and will only worsen the effects of the drought. It would also violate existing laws protecting salmon and other endangered fish in California’s Bay-Delta estuary. I am also concerned regarding the other harmful policy riders that would shamefully allow guns on Army Corps of Engineers land and prevent implementation of the administra-tion’s Clean Water Rule. Mr. Chairman, instead of trying to roll back vital environmental protections, we need to be proactive about preserving our environment for the health and safety of future generations. We need to make more investments in clean energy like solar, wind, and geothermal. Un-fortunately, this bill does not do that. I hope that as the process moves forward, these terrible policy riders and low allocations are resolved. f 
CLARIFYING CONGRESSIONAL IN-TENT IN PROVIDING FOR DC HOME RULE ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 25, 2016 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ar-dently oppose H.R. 5233, wrongfully entitled the ‘‘Clarifying Congressional Intent in Pro-viding for DC Home Rule Act of 2016.’’ H.R. 5233 seeks to repeal a District of Columbia referendum, approved by a super-majority of D.C. residents, 83 percent, to allow the local D.C. government to implement its own local budget. To be clear, implement its own local budget after a 30-day congressional review period. This legislation does not preserve the authority of Congress, the 30-day congres-sional review period already does that, rather it subjects the local D.C. government to the ar-duous appropriations process to use tax dol-lars from its own residents. Why, Mr. Speaker, would we choose to overturn the will of the local D.C. electorate to spend their tax dollars as they choose? Opti-cally, it does not look right. Substantively, it is not right, and, legislatively, we are on the wrong track. In closing, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5233 is a move in the wrong direction away from grant-ing the residents of D.C. increased self-deter-mination and home-rule. ISAAC MONTANO HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Isaac Montano for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Isaac Montano is a 9th grader at Pomona High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Isaac Montano is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Isaac Montano for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE PALESTINE FLOOD VICTIMS 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in somber tone. I wanted to take a moment to remember six lives that were recently lost in Texas’ 5th Congressional District. On April 29th, East Texas experienced a storm system that swept through during the latter part of the day into the evening and night. During the early Saturday morning hours, the city of Palestine in Anderson Coun-ty, Texas had reports of 7.5 inches of rain that fell in less than an hour. Several homes were destroyed in the neighborhoods, businesses flooded and ultimately lives were changed for-ever. I would like to take a moment to remember Lenda Asberry and her great-grandchildren: Jamonicka Johnson, 6, Von Anthony Johnson Jr., 7, Devonte Asberry, 8, and Venetia Asberry, 9. Also, Giovani Olivas, 30, who leaves behind a wife and two children. Spouses, children, parents, aunts, uncles, friends, neighbors, teachers, all left to grieve for these loved ones. Let us all remember in our thoughts and prayers these families, businesses and the city of Palestine’s people as they rebuild their property and lives. 
f 
FY17 NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-press my disappointment with the way the Ma-jority has undermined the welfare of our troops 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MY8.003 E26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE801 May 26, 2016 
by inserting poisonous language into the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2017. Last week I unfortunately had to vote against the FY 17 NDAA. I want to state that it pained me to take that vote. Throughout my career I have supported our service members in every respect. I have worked tirelessly on veterans issues. I have worked closely with Department of Defense leadership to ensure our troops on the front lines have had every resource they needed to be successful and that our troops and their families at home were well taken care of. Last week, the Majority injected their reck-less ideology into the bill: a provision that would explicitly allow defense contractors to discriminate against LGBT employees. The language seeks to nullify an executive order prohibiting federal contractors from laying off or otherwise punishing employees because of their sexual orientation. Instead of passing a bill supporting our troops, they hid behind our troops in opposing LGBT Americans. In doing this, the Majority placed the welfare of our troops in jeopardy, potentially robbing them of much needed resources, and under-mined protections for LGBT employees of fed-eral contractors created by a Presidential Ex-ecutive Order. As I stated earlier, this was a difficult vote to cast. However, I also know that this was the correct vote to cast. This body should not be risking national security nor sanctioning dis-crimination. I urge the Republican Majority to delete this language in a House-Senate conference. They should not play politics with our national secu-rity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 98TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE REPUBLIC DAY OF AZERBAIJAN 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 98th anniversary of the Republic Day of Azerbaijan, and to extend my best wishes to all Azerbaijanis as they celebrate Republic Day. May 28th marks the founding of the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan, when the people of Azerbaijan first gained their independence from the Russian Empire in 1918. Although Azerbaijan’s independence was ended by Soviet forces in 1920, it is note-worthy that the Democratic Republic of Azer-baijan was the world’s first secular parliamen-tary democratic republic in a predominantly Muslim nation—earning diplomatic recognition from the United States during the administra-tion of President Woodrow Wilson. We also recall, with admiration, that the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan granted universal suf-frage to its citizens in 1918, making it the first Muslim country to give women the right to vote. Following the collapse of the Soviet Union, Azerbaijan restored its independence on Octo-ber 18, 1991, when its Parliament adopted the Constitution Act on the Restoration of the State of Independence of the Republic of Azerbaijan. The last twenty-five years of independence have not been without challenges for the peo-ple of Azerbaijan. At the fall of the Soviet Union, Azerbaijan found itself in an armed conflict over occupied territory by Armenia. In 1993, the United Nations Security Council adopted four resolutions demanding complete, unconditional and immediate withdrawal of Ar-menian forces from the occupied territories of Azerbaijan. Despite the U.N. resolutions, today, more than 20 percent of Azerbaijan’s territory, including Nagorno-Karabakh and seven surrounding districts, remain under Ar-menian occupation. Additionally, a 1994 ceasefire agreement has been breached over the years with the most recent provocation occurring in 2016 while the Azerbaijani President was en route to Azerbaijan following a successful nuclear summit in the U.S. I am pleased that Azer-baijan immediately called for peace in the aftermath of the skirmish and remains com-mitted to a peaceful resolution of the conflict with Armenia. Azerbaijan is a key global security partner for the United States. As an active member of NATO’s Partnership for Peace program, Azer-baijan cooperates with the United States in countering terrorism, nuclear proliferation, and narcotics trafficking. Azerbaijani troops serve shoulder to shoulder with U.S. soldiers in Af-ghanistan, as they previously did in Kosovo and Iraq. In support of the International Secu-rity Assistance Force in Afghanistan, Azer-baijan has extended important over-flight clearances for U.S. and NATO flights as well as regularly providing landing and refueling operations at its airports for U.S. and NATO forces. Azerbaijan also plays an important role in the Northern Distribution Network, a supply route to Afghanistan, by making available its ground and Caspian naval transportation facili-ties. Azerbaijan has emerged as a key player for enhancing global energy security. The Baku- Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline and the Baku-Tbilisi- Erzurum gas pipeline are the main arteries de-livering Caspian Sea energy resources to global markets, and completion of the South-ern Gas Corridor—which will run from the Caspian Sea through Azerbaijan, Georgia, Turkey, Greece, and Albania into Italy—will in-crease the energy security of key American al-lies by increasing the amount of natural gas from the Caspian Sea to European markets. Notably, Azerbaijan also provides roughly 40 percent of Israel’s oil consumption. What may be more surprising to some is that Azer-baijan—a predominantly Muslim country—en-joys friendly ties with Israel beyond oil sales. Jews have resided in Azerbaijan for 2,500 years without persecution and today, the Jew-ish community in Azerbaijan numbers over 12,000. Azerbaijan is also home to Christian communities and has been praised for its reli-gious tolerance by the European Parliament. As co-chair of the Congressional Azerbaijan Caucus, I congratulate the people of Azer-baijan on the monumental occasion of Repub-lic Day in their national history. May the part-nership between the United States and Azer-baijan progress and continue to benefit both of our nations. IN HONOR OF THE RETIREMENT OF MR. NORMAN BEATTY HON. SCOTT GARRETT 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Norman Beatty who is retiring after 32 years of service at First Hope Bank in Hope, NJ. During his tenure at First Hope Bank, Mr. Beatty served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President. He graduated Blair Academy in 1958, the United States Military Academy in 1963 (BS), and the University of Alabama Graduate School of Business in 1971, where he re-ceived an MBA and an MS in Human Re-sources. Additionally, he served 20 years in the Army from 1963–1983. Retiring as a Lieu-tenant Colonel in 1983, he joined First Hope Bank and worked with his father, Lewis C. Beatty. Mr. Beatty played an essential role in the New Jersey Bankers Association, where he served as Chairman of the Agricultural Com-mittee, Treasurer, Secretary, Vice Chairman, Chair, and on the Executive Committee. During Mr. Beatty’s tenure, New Jersey’s two banking organizations, the Savings League and Bankers Association, merged in 2009. Mr. Beatty was then named the Co- Chairman of the NJ Bankers Association. Within the American Bankers Association he represented New Jersey on the Community Bankers Council and the Membership Council. From 2010 to 2014 he served as a member of the American Bankers Association’s Board of Directors and Chairman of its Audit Com-mittee. Mr. Beatty is a charter member of the Hope Area Chamber of Commerce Board of Direc-tors where he held the positions of President, Vice President, and Secretary/Treasurer. The Township of Hope recognized Mr. Beatty as its Outstanding Citizen in 1998 and recognized him with the Founding Father award in 2009. The Warren County Chamber of Commerce selected Mr. Beatty as its Business Person of the Year in 2002. In 2011 Warren County Community College inducted Mr. Beatty into its Hall of Fame. I am proud to have Mr. Beatty as a member of our community and want to recognize his decades of service to Northern New Jersey, to the banking industry, and to our nation. 
f 
BEAU MARTINEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Beau Martinez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Beau Martinez is a 12th grader at Wheat Ridge High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Beau Mar-tinez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26MY8.002 E26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE802 May 26, 2016 
strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Beau Martinez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT COLONEL SHARLENE M. PIGG, AS SHE PREPARES TO RETIRE AFTER 20 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES ARMY AND TO OUR NATION 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the military service of Lieuten-ant Colonel Sharlene M. Pigg, USA, as she of-ficially retires on September 1, 2016, after an exemplary 20-year career. Lieutenant Colonel Pigg is finishing her career as the commander of the Army’s Jacksonville Recruiting Battalion which covers 45,079 square miles, 609 zip codes, 87 counties, and is in the jurisdiction of 377 public schools. In this role, she has matched our tremendously talented North-eastern Florida youths with rewarding careers in the United States Army. First enlisting in the Florida Army National Guard in 1991, she served in communications and public affairs while earning her Bachelor of Arts Degree in Political Science at Stetson University and also participating in the ROTC program at Embry Riddle Aeronautical Univer-sity. Upon graduation, as a Distinguished Honor Graduate, she was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in aviation in the United States Army. She later completed the Army Command and General Staff College. Over the years, her career has led her to many and varied assignments both in the United States and overseas. They include: 160th Signal Brigade Adjutant at Camp Arifjan, Kuwait; Aide de Camp to the Army Forces Command Deputy Commanding General; and Team Chief, Army Forces Command G–1 Strength Management Branch at Fort McPher-son, Georgia; Aide de Camp to the Com-manding General of the Combined Security Transition Command, Afghanistan; Recruiting Operations Officer for Georgia Tech Army ROTC, Atlanta, Georgia; Commander, Head-quarters and Headquarters Company, 1/210th Aviation Regiment, Fort Rucker, Alabama; Battalion S–1, 1/52nd Aviation Battalion, K–16, Korea; Assistant Brigade S–2, 159th Aviation Brigade, Fort Campbell, Kentucky; Platoon Leader, A/5–101st, Fort Campbell, Kentucky; and Executive Officer, Headquarters and Headquarters Troop, 3/6 Cavalry Squadron, Camp Humphreys, Korea. Prior to coming to Jacksonville, Florida, Lieutenant Colonel Pigg served at the Pen-tagon in two assignments: first as the Officer Policy Integrator for the Director of Military Personnel Management, Army G–1 and most recently, as the Women in the Army Branch Chief. In this position her team drafted the de-tails of the Army’s plans to integrate women into combat units. She will join her husband Chad Pigg and their young son, Beckam, in Atlanta, Georgia, upon relinquishing her duties as Battalion Commander on June 3. I send Lieutenant Colonel Pigg my thanks for a job well done and a career of service in the United States Army. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and Members of the House to join me in congratulating Lieutenant Colonel Sharlene Pigg on her hard work and dedication to the country during her career in the Army. We wish her, her husband Chad, and son Beckam all of the best. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. GRAZYNA J. KOZACZKA 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Grazyna Kozaczka. Dr. Kozaczka is a native of Krakow, Poland, where she received her doctoral degree in American Literature from the Jagiellonian Uni-versity. Dr. Kozaczka is a distinguished schol-ar and renowned Professor of English at Cazenovia College in Cazenovia, New York. Dr. Kozaczka is also the Director of the Hon-ors Programs at Cazenovia College. Dr. Kozaczka will be honored at the 2016 Syracuse, New York Polish Festival, receiving the ‘‘2016 Pole of the Year’’ Award. She will be recognized for her dedication to studying Polish American history and for all of her scholarly achievements. Dr. Kozaczka has published scholarly es-says, short fiction, as well as popular articles in both Polish and English. She is the Presi-dent of the Polish American Historical Asso-ciation, a member of the Polish Institute of Arts and Sciences of America, and a member of The Jozef Pilsudski Institute of America and the Modern Language Association. I am honored to recognize Dr. Grazyna J. Kozaczka for her incredible scholarly accom-plishments and for being named the ‘‘2016 Pole of the Year’’ by the Syracuse Polish Scholarship Fund, Inc. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENT AND SERVICE OF MR. JAMES W. KEATING 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today to recognize the extraordinary service of Mr. James Keating. Jim, a lifelong resident of Warren, Ohio, recently announced his retirement from a remarkable career span-ning 23 years as the Human Resources Direc-tor for Trumbull County. Jim had previously been the Human Re-sources Director for Heltzel Steel and served 12 years as an elected councilman in Warren. During his tenure at Trumbull County, Jim managed labor relations with five bargaining units within the Sheriff’s Office and four with the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees units, including contract negotiations and resolving grievances. In 2006, Jim established a county-wide com-mittee to develop a personnel policy manual that could be adopted by all Trumbull County elected officials. In leading this committee, Jim exhibited not only his extensive knowledge of human re-sources policy, but also his ability to lead and establish consensus among county officials. The result was a personnel policy manual that was adopted and is now followed by all elect-ed officials and departments in Trumbull County government. This brings the entire county into legal compliance, fostering fairness and uniformity in human resources practices, and significantly reduces the county’s liability exposure. As a result of his success with the county- wide policy manual in Trumbull County, Jim was tapped by the County Commissioners As-sociation of Ohio’s County Risk Sharing Au-thority (CORSA) in 2012 to be a member of the CORSA Personnel Policy Best Practices Panel. As a member of this Panel, which re-ceived the Ohio Public Employer Labor Rela-tions Association and National Public Em-ployer Labor Relations Association 2013 Pacesetter Awards, Jim helped take his suc-cess with a county-wide manual in Trumbull County to counties throughout the State. Ulti-mately, Jim’s leaves a professional and pro-ductive labor-management environment he has successfully fostered at Trumbull County. In addition to his knowledge of labor law, Jim is known for his common-sense, respect-ful approach to labor negotiations. His profes-sional and logical demeanor brings out the best in both sides, and reduces the tendency for proceedings to become adversarial—right-fully earning Jim a reputation for fairness in negotiations. For his leadership in Trumbull County and for the example he has set for government hiring practices across State of Ohio, Jim was awarded the 2014 Ohio Public Employer Labor Relations Association’s ‘‘Award of Excellence’’. Jim has served his city and his county, and he has earned the respect of his peers. We have been lucky to have him in our commu-nity, and Jim will now have an opportunity to spend more time with his wonderful wife, Ber-nadette, his three children, Brendan, Ryan and Mary Kathryn, and three grandchildren, Justin, Alexis, and Donovan. Mr. Speaker, I wish Jim a great retirement. f 
CONVENING OF THE ‘RELIGIONS AGAINST TERRORISM’ CON-FERENCE TO BE HELD IN ASTANA, KAZAKHSTAN 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the upcoming conference in Astana, Kazakhstan entitled ‘Religions Against Ter-rorism.’ I was honored to be invited to this conference by Chairman Tokayev, Chairman of the Senate of the Parliament of the Repub-lic of Kazakhstan, and regret that I will not be able to attend this important event. The conference will bring together political and religious leaders from around the world who are dedicated to ensuring that religious 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26MY8.008 E26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE803 May 26, 2016 
freedom is the rule rather than the exception. These leaders will also spend their valuable time discussing ways in which we can help defeat those who wish to pervert and twist reli-gions into vehicles of hate and destruction. Between 2003 and 2012, Kazakhstan was host to four important gatherings that drew senior members from many different religions including Islam, Christianity, Buddhism, Juda-ism, Hinduism, and Taoism. By holding the upcoming conference, Kazakhstan once again leads its region and the world in working to-ward a time when all religions are respected and those wishing to do harm under the color of religion are undermined and stopped from doing so at every turn. Mr. Speaker, under the leadership of Presi-dent Nazarbeyev, Kazakhstan has, since the earliest days of its independence, been a val-ued leader in promoting religious tolerance. This legacy continues with the upcoming ‘Reli-gions Against Terrorism’ conference and will, I am sure, continue far into the future. I wish my friends a successful conference and applaud their laudable efforts. 
f 
HONORING MARY BABULA 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mary Babula from Madison, Wisconsin who passed away at the end of last year. Mary dedicated her life to advocating for the rights of children and teachers in her commu-nity. While her presence in our district is sore-ly missed, her legacy lives on in our commu-nity. Mary Babula began her career in early childhood care as a volunteer at Christian Day Care Center in Madison while earning her Bachelor of Arts in Social Work at University of Wisconsin-Madison. After graduating, she became a teacher at the Christian Day Care Center and was later named its third Execu-tive Director. Mary also served as Director of the Wisconsin Early Childhood Association (WECA), where she tirelessly devoted her time advancing positive policy changes for children by focusing on the needs of the pro-fessionals who provided child care for Wiscon-sin’s families. Under Mary’s leadership, WECA established the Wisconsin Child Care Improvement Project, which launched Child Care Resource and Referral agencies statewide. Throughout her time as director, Mary helped develop and refine multiple programs, including TEACH, REWARD, YoungStar Conference and Train-ing, and the Food Program, which continue to provide support services to child care centers around the state. In her spare time, Mary was also a relentless advocate for the rights of children and early child care professionals at the local, state, and federal level. Mary’s lifetime commitment to our commu-nity and her work as an activist has been in-valuable to Wisconsin. Her legacy will live on through the services Wisconsin provides to its children and families. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rec-ognize Ms. Mary Babula today. f 
TESTIMONY OF CONGRESSMAN TED POE (TX–02) TO THE TEXAS LEGISLATURE: COMMITTEE ON JUDICIARY AND CIVIL JURIS-PRUDENCE IN REGARDS TO CHARGE NO. 1 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as a former Harris County Judge and prosecutor and the cofounder and chairman of the Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus, protecting the most vulnerable in our society is a top priority for me. I first learned about human trafficking when I was overseas in the Ukraine and soon dis-covered that modern day slavery occurs in the United States as well, including all around Texas, which is unfortunately a hub given its proximity to the border and many large high-ways, ports, and airports. The United States views itself as a leader in the fight against human trafficking, even going as far as to grade other countries on their ef-forts to combat trafficking in persons. Yet, be-fore the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act (JVTA) became law, I heard about common issues from anti-trafficking organizations on the national, state, and local levels as well as law enforcement and local leaders: The federal government barely funds efforts to combat trafficking in the United States. Trafficking victims are often arrested and treated as criminals, but buyers are often not. Many Americans including those that inter-act with trafficking victims—law enforcement, educators, medical professionals, and others —do not know about human trafficking or un-derstand how to identify victims. A bipartisan, bicameral group of Members of Congress, led in the House by myself, a Texas Republican, and Congresswoman C
AROLYN MALONEY , a New York Democrat, and in the Senate by a Texas Republican, Senator J
OHN CORNYN , an Oregon Democrat, Senator R
ONWYDEN , who came together, rec-ognizing these issues, and wrote a bill to ad-dress them, relying a lot on what we learned from Texas, a trailblazer in addressing human trafficking. A core provision of JVTA is the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund. It is clear that more resources need to be put towards human traf-ficking, but the question is where to get the money. The answer is to supplement current funding, which should be a priority through general appropriations, with financing from the criminals. Let those who harm vulnerable peo-ple pay for the damage they have caused. A $5,000 special assessment is collected from those convicted of human trafficking and other related charges, which goes into the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund to finance grant pro-grams that address trafficking including law enforcement operations, training, and victims’ services. A fundamental goal of JVTA is for victims of human trafficking to be treated as victims and not criminals. This is addressed in a number of provisions in the law, including a newly cre-ated community-based block grant. The grant promotes the use of a collaborative model (government and non-profits working together) by cities and states to address child trafficking through the enhancement of anti-trafficking law enforcement units, the creation or continu-ation of problem solving courts like the GIRLS court in Houston, and shelters and services for victims. The bill also changes statutory lan-guage that references child prostitution to child trafficking and encourages a safe harbor model in the states. We also focus on the demand—buyers, those that exploit women and children. While many call these people ‘‘johns,’’ I call them child molesters. John is a name from the Bible, a good guy, not someone who pays money to abuse a fellow person. JVTA clari-fies that those who buy sex from trafficking victims are human traffickers, can and should be punished under federal law, and are sub-ject to the same penalties as sellers. Gone are the days of boys being boys. We can no longer turn a blind eye to this crime. These core provisions of the legislation guide JVTA as a whole as a victim-centered, tough on crime, fiscally responsible measure that makes certain that the United States is truly a leader in ending modem day slavery. I commend the Texas Legislature for mak-ing our state a leader in fighting against the scourge of human trafficking. I appreciate the weight given to this important bill and look for-ward to continuing to work together to protect our children, the vulnerable in our society, and making sure the bad guys pay. A society will be judged by how it treats the most vulnerable. And that’s just the way it is. f 
CALIE LINDEMANN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Calie Lindemann for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Calie Lindemann is a 7th grader at Oberon Middle School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Calie Lindemann is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Calie Lindemann for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY8.006 E26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE804 May 26, 2016 
ACKNOWLEDGING THE REMARK-ABLE ACHIEVEMENTS AND IN-CREDIBLE PERSEVERANCE OF THE DEWEYVILLE HIGH SCHOOL CLASS OF 2016 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on the floor of the United States House of Represent-atives to acknowledge a group of inspiring young men and women—the 56 members of Deweyville High school’s graduating class of 2016. From March 11 to March 28, 2016, Deweyville, Texas, was subjected to unprece-dented rains and destructive flooding in which more than half of the student community lost everything. In the face of this cataclysm, Deweyville’s Senior Class of 2016 took selfless action to al-leviate the suffering within their community, and strengthen the recovery effort. These sen-iors helped collect, distribute, and serve food to others across their community. They worked hard to relocate Deweyville elementary school equipment away from the flooding and served as guides for disaster relief personnel. And, after their community suffered the loss of their elementary school, Deweyville High School students set aside their own conven-ience and opened up their high school facili-ties to the elementary school students. Mr. Speaker, the 2016 Deweyville High School graduating seniors are to be acknowl-edged and celebrated as paragons of servant leadership. Students across the United States can learn from their example. I want to take this time to personally com-mend each and every one of the 2016 grad-uates of Deweyville High School, both for their academic achievement and for the hundreds of hours they labored to protect and restore their community and the 36th District of Texas. You have my sincere gratitude and my thanks; Torianna Elizabeth Allard, Alahna Nichole Apodaca, Caleb Jordan Bass, Charlotte Chris-tine Bates, Danna Marie Beecher, Jeridan David Brooks, Samantha Carol Burch, Dakota Cliff Buxton, Benjamin Brock Carpenter, Trent Michael Carpenter, Sarah Kathryn Carter, Kylie Zale Chance, Jillian Marie Davis, Spen-cer Allen Davis, Mallory Ruth Dotson, Shaylin Nicole Dupuy, Trent David Forse, Abigail Grace Gentz, Timothy Michael Gibbon, Triston Riley Gordon, Tiffanie Skylar Green, Mallory Rene´Hand, Nolan Todd Haney, Kayla Nicole Hanks, Hope Isabella Hardin, Jared Shayne Hendrix, Jimmy Dale Hendrix, Mitchell Kyler Henson, Thomas Ryan Henson, Josey Myranda Hutto, Kobe Allen Jernigan, Brett Ryan Ladner, Ryan Russell Lee, Dalton Pat-rick Marsh, Megan Ashley Mathis, Taylar Michelle May, Taylor Elise McKay, Callie Jor-dan Nelms, Skylar Lee Nichols, Trey Allen Nicholson, Steven Brac Parkhurst, Dakota Taylor Pelt, Blaze Dean Rainwater, Jason Don Reider, Lindsey Renee Schaffer, Cherry Faye Seaman, Naomi Brianne Sims, Melynda Leanne Sizemore, Victoria Brooke Spell, Kaleb Gene Stephenson, Dylan Scott Talbert, Layne Ray Verdine, Aaron Walter Webb, Mi-chael Montgomery Williams, Ryan Duane Wil-liams, Zachary Taylor Wood. Congratulations to each of you and thank you for your commitment to serving others. I wish each of you the best in your future en-deavors. f 
TRIBUTE HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. VERDELL TRICE, A MAN FOR ALL SEASONS 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, Mr. Verdell Trice was no ordinary man. He was born and raised in Mississippi almost a hundred years ago. He joined the military, re-turned home, got married, migrated to Chi-cago and lived a very active, involved and pro-ductive life. Mr. Trice had a business mind and developed, managed and operated sev-eral productive businesses. At one time Mr. Trice is reported to have owned 5 service stations on the Westside of Chicago. He and his family were active mem-bers and leaders in the St. Paul CME Church, which he and his wife Mrs. Mattie Jennings Trice served with distinction. Mr. Verdell Trice was an education activist and leader. He worked with Marshall High School and was also President of the local school council and a real advocate for stu-dents. Mr. Verdell Trice was a ‘‘Black thinker’’ and community advocate. He helped to organize and sustain the 5th City Development Cor-poration, organized and managed the 5th City Automotive Center and was an active member of State Senator Rickey Hendon’s political or-ganization. Mr. Verdell Trice and his wife owned and lived in their home on the southeast side of Chicago, but he was a true Westsider, and spent the majority of his time in the East and West Garfield Park areas of Chicago. He and his brother, who died from an accident not long ago, were like two peas in a pod. They both worked into their nineties and left their marks on the communities where they lived and worked. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF FRANK HART, JR. 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a great American, Frank Hart, Jr. Mr. Hart was born in 1926 in Sharpsburg, Kentucky. While a student at Sharpsburg High School in Janu-ary of 1944, he enlisted as a reserve in the US Army Air Corps. He graduated in May of 1944. Mr. Hart entered the U.S. Army Air Corps for active duty on August 8, 1944. He was in training as an aviation cadet, but was phys-ically unable to serve. He then volunteered for gunnery school and was shipped to Florida for training. As a new corporal, he was sent in June of 1945 for training on a B–29 bomber crew as a ‘‘Right Scanner’’ on an Overseas Training Unit. The training was to end on Au-gust 21 and all crews were set to be sent overseas. August 14 was V-J Day and the war with Japan ended. Mr. Hart was promoted to sergeant and later earned another stripe as staff sergeant. Mr. Hart was discharged at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas on June 26, 1946. Following his time in the U.S. Army Air Corps, Mr. Hart enrolled in the University of Kentucky along with many other veterans. The legendary coach Paul ‘‘Bear’’ Bryant began his first year at the University of Kentucky that same year. Mr. Hart married Beulah Moore in 1947 and began his farming career. They have been married more than sixty eight years and have two adult children, three grandchildren, and a new great-grandchild. Mr. Hart, now retired, farmed and raised to-bacco crops for fifty years. He also worked in highway construction, ran a service station, and worked at the Lexington Bluegrass Army Depot. As a part of the Greatest Generation, Mr. Hart is to be commended for his service to his country. Because of his willingness to sac-rifice, and the willingness of his fellow men and women in uniform, our freedoms are se-cured. Mr. Hart truly is an outstanding Amer-ican and an inspiration to us all. I am proud to recognize his service before the United States House of Representatives. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, May 24, 2016, I missed the following votes: H. Res. 742, H. Res. 743, H.R. 2576, H.R. 5077, and H.R. 897. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on each of these roll call votes. 
f 
CHRISTIAN MUCILLI 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Christian Mucilli for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Christian Mucilli is a 12th grader at Wheat Ridge High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Christian Mucilli is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Christian Mucilli for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY8.009 E26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE805 May 26, 2016 
HONORING THE EDISON 64 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Edison 64. These 64 former Thomas Edison High School students from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, made the ul-timate sacrifice, giving their lives fighting in the Vietnam War—becoming the highest number of casualties from the war experienced by any high school in the United States. Honoring these former students has been an ongoing tradition. In 1989, through private funds and fundraising, staff and students dedi-cated a bronze memorial plaque for public dis-play in the new Edison-Fareira High School. A memorial garden was also built on the school premises. Twenty-five years later, on Novem-ber 8, 2014, a Pennsylvania Historical Marker was dedicated on the site of the original Thomas A. Edison High School located at 8th Street and Lehigh Avenue. This tradition of re-spect continues on to the present where an-nual candle lighting ceremonies are held to honor the young men whose lives were ended too early. The ceremonies are educational in nature, the focus of which is sharing Edison’s proud legacy with the current student body and new staff. Ceremonies are held prior to the Memorial Day Holiday. Over a hundred veterans, some survivor families and many Edison alumni attend this very special assem-bly. The newest honorarium for the Edison 64 will take place on May 27, 2016. In com-memoration of the sacrifice of these young men and in recognition of the loss to the com-munity, Luzerne Street between Whitaker Ave-nue and North 5th Street (in front of the new Edison High School located at 151 West Luzerne Street) will be renamed ‘‘Edison 64 Memorial Street.’’ Mr. Speaker, the unselfish sacrifice, courage and dedication to the welfare of our country will never be forgotten and I ask that you and my distinguished colleagues join me in hon-oring the memory of the Edison 64. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, on roll call No. 258 I mistakenly voted yea when I intended to vote nay. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I would like to in-dicate that I inadvertently voted ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 237. I intended to vote ‘‘Yes’’. HONORING COLONEL BERT RICE HON. C. A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise before you today to recognize Colonel Bert Rice—a United States veteran and dedicated civilian employee—on the occasion of his re-tirement after more than 60 years of service to his country. A Montana native, Colonel Rice joined the U.S. Army Reserves as a private in 1956. He earned his degree from Montana State Univer-sity and, as an ROTC distinguished graduate, was commissioned a 2nd Lieutenant of infan-try in 1959. He went on to achieve his Mas-ter’s Degree in supervision and management at Central Michigan University in 1977. Colonel Rice’s highly decorated active duty career spanned 30 years, including two tours of duty in Vietnam, where he flew armed heli-copters and, in his second tour, commanded Company B, 25th Aviation Battalion, 25th In-fantry Division. Colonel Rice also served in Iran during its revolution in 1979. His many stateside assignments include three years with the Pentagon. In 2003, Colonel Rice was hired by the De-partment of the Army at Fort Meade, Mary-land, where he worked until his recent retire-ment. He served as project officer and pro-gram manager for several important efforts that included infrastructure improvements and the major BRAC undertaking that brought thousands of new jobs to the base and the re-gion. While too numerous to mention in their en-tirety, Colonel Rice’s military decorations in-clude the Silver Star, Legion of Merit, Distin-guished Flying Cross with OLC, Bronze Star with OLC, Joint Service Medal and the Army Commendation Medal with OLC. He also has many civilian accolades. Colonel Rice’s many volunteer efforts reflect the servant-hearted manner in which he ap-proached every aspect of his life. He served as Commander-in-Chief of the Military Order of World Wars, an organization for retired mili-tary. In 2007, Colonel Rice was named Great-er Odenton Improvement Association’s Citizen of the Year for his community service. Colonel Rice is a dedicated husband to his wife of 56 years and a committed father to two Army combat veterans. He also has four grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I have had the privilege of per-sonally knowing Colonel Rice since his days serving on the Anne Arundel County Council. I know him to be a hard-working, patriotic and ever-helpful community leader. I ask that you join with me today to honor Colonel Bert Rice, whose life of service to the United States is deserving of our deepest gratitude. It is with great pride that I congratulate him on his re-tirement and wish him many more years of continued success and happiness. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, during Roll Call Vote number 242 on the McNerney amend-ment to H.R. 5055, I mistakenly recorded my vote as no when I should have voted yes. f 
HUMAN RIGHTS DEFENDER AND POLITICAL PRISONER, TRAN HUYNH DUY THUC 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, for the past few days, I’ve followed President Obama’s engagement with the citi-zens and government of Vietnam. It was a momentous occasion for the Vietnamese peo-ple to have their struggles acknowledged by the President of the United States. I commend President Obama for empha-sizing human rights and promoting freedom of speech, assembly, and expression; as well as internet freedom, education and economic re-forms. Yet, I am disappointed that President Obama did not call for the release of all polit-ical prisoners and did not publicly name the human rights activists who were detained and prevented from meeting with him. I would like to call attention to a courageous human rights defender and political prisoner, Mr. Tran Huynh Duy Thuc. As a blogger and entrepreneur, Mr. Thuc peacefully called for political and economic reform in Vietnam. In 2009, Mr. Thuc was arrested, and in 2010, during a one-day trial, he was prosecuted for ‘‘conducting activities aimed at overthrowing the people’s administration’’ under Article 79 of the Penal Code. The Vietnamese govern-ment sentenced him to 16 years imprisonment and 5 years house arrest upon release. To protest the ongoing injustices and mark the seventh year of his unjust imprisonment in the Nghe An prison, Mr. Thuc has begun an in-definite hunger strike. I urge you to stand in solidarity with me to shine a light on Mr. Thuc’s plight as he coura-geously fights for the basic freedoms and rights that Americans treasure. 
f 
CYNTHIA DOMINGUEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Cynthia Dominguez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Cynthia Dominguez is a 12th grader at Sobesky Academy and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Cynthia Dominguez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Cyn-thia Dominguez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY8.013 E26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE806 May 26, 2016 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN C. CARNEY, JR. 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to clarify my position on roll call vote 242 cast on May 25, 2016. On Roll Call Vote Number 242, on agreeing to Mr. McNerney of California’s Amendment, I voted ‘‘No.’’ It was my intention to vote ‘‘Aye.’’ 
f 
THE WORST CASUALTY OF WAR IS TO BE FORGOTTEN 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on Mon-day, we celebrate Memorial Day and across the nation Americans will gather to pay tribute to our soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines who go overseas and do not return. They are from every state and territory. They are from farms, ranches and cities. They are of all races and both sexes. They are rich and poor, but generally they are young. They are patri-ots, defenders of freedom and volunteers to serve our great nation. We remember all of those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice so that we can live freely. It all started in 1868 when widows and girlfriends of soldiers killed in the War Be-tween the States started putting flowers on the graves of Confederate and Union soldiers in Arlington Cemetery. And thus began what was initially called ‘‘Dedication Day,’’ and now Me-morial Day. If we recall our history we must remember that during the War Between the States, there were 350,000 Confederates that were killed and 455,000 Union soldiers that were killed, and regardless of the politics, they were all Americans—America’s youth. And thus began what we now call Memorial Day, the last Mon-day in May. Memorial Day is a special event for people in Texas because, around 125,000 Texans are serving our nation, today and every day. Tex-ans have always been willing to volunteer to support our country, and that says a lot about our country. In another war, the war to end all wars, 5,000 Texans gave their lives. Boys who grew up on farms in Texas suddenly became men as they found themselves in the muddy, rainy, and bloody trenches an ocean away. Life in the trenches was hard. Men were constantly bombarded with artillery and ma-chine gun fire. And they often faced the dan-ger of going over the trenches and crossing no man’s land, trying to repel the enemy forces attempting the same. In the midst of battle and in the face of the enemy, some men displayed tremendous gal-lantry and were awarded medals for their ac-tions. However, the greatest casualty of war is to be forgotten. More soldiers died during World War I than in Korea, Vietnam, both Iraq Wars and Afghanistan combined. It is only fit-ting that they are honored in our nation’s cap-ital. After the long process of passing the cre-ation of the WWI memorial and creating and funding the WWI commission through Con-gress, it was signed into law. Now, we have finally arrived at a design for the National WWI memorial at Pershing Park. The ‘‘Weight of Sacrifice’’ was chosen by the WWI commis-sion. Soon, veterans of the war to end all wars will be properly honored in our nation’s capital. This Memorial Day, we remember those who served and who did not make it back home. On Monday, I will be honoring our fall-en heroes at the Houston National Cemetery, as Americans across the nation observe this day of remembrance. We remember their sac-rifices and that of their families. To those who gave their all to serve our country, America is eternally grateful. We remember each and every one of them because the worst casualty of war is to be forgotten. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR. BOSIE EDWARDS 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, Bosie Edwards was no ordinary man, he was multi-talented, seriously focused and good at practically everything that he did. I have known him for many years because he was always intimately connected and actively engaged in the community. He was an excel-lent social worker and was recognized as one of the top gang intervention and youth vio-lence prevention specialists in the city. Of course that was only one aspect of his being. When it came to music he was top of the line, a maestro, a band leader, a choreographer, a smooth jazz, rhythm and blues music man, gentleman of leisure, and the top band in town. I have heard them many, many times and never got enough. Finally Bosie has been a regular on cable television with his own very interesting show which has been watched religiously by thou-sands of individual on a regular basis. Yes, Bosie Edwards made a great impact on the lives of those who knew and/or came into contact with him. I extend condolences to his family, friends and all who knew and loved him. 
f 
DOMINIQUE SARTIRANA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Dominique Sartirana for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Dominique Sartirana is a 12th grader at Stanley Lake High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversi-ties. The dedication demonstrated by Dominique Sartirana is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Dominique Sartirana for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. f 
RECOGNIZING CAROL SHIMIZU ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Carol Shimizu on the occa-sion of her retirement after 48 years of dedi-cated public service as an educator. Carol’s educational career began in 1968 as a preschool and kindergarten teacher in Ger-many. She moved to San Jose where she went on to become a high school English and childhood development teacher and later an administrator. Shimizu was hired as principal of Dublin High School (DHS) in 2004. Under her stewardship, both the physical and academic environment at DHS has been transformed, and the school is now widely re-garded as one of the top high schools in Cali-fornia. The rate of students heading to four- year colleges has risen dramatically, with graduates going on to the nation’s most pres-tigious colleges, universities, and postsec-ondary programs. DHS saw its Academic Performance Index (API) climb every year during her tenure, jumping from 793 to an all-time high of 880 in the last year the API was measured by the state. The number of honors and AP courses offered increased from 12 to 24, while both enrollment and scores for students taking AP, SAT, ACT, and PSAT rose dramatically, earn-ing DHS AP Honor Roll status from the Col-lege Board. Carol successfully initiated Academies and Pathways in Engineering, BioMedical, Culinary Arts, Visual and Performing Arts, and Digital Media. DHS also implemented a comprehen-sive College and Career Readiness program for all students, including the addition of the ‘‘Gael Period’’, Freshmen Seminar, and the Freshmen Mentoring Program. In addition, under Carol’s leadership DHS’s facilities have been extensively modernized, remodeled, and rebuilt to support 21st century learning. The $120 million of renovation and expansion overseen by Carol has successfully accommodated a campus population that has nearly doubled during her time as principal. Carol has fostered lasting, productive part-nerships in the community and has laid the groundwork for an ever-expanding offering of programs and opportunities for all DHS stu-dents. I wish to congratulate her on a long and distinguished career, and wish her health and happiness in retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY8.019 E26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE807 May 26, 2016 
COMMEMORATING THE 80TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE RMS ‘‘QUEEN MARY’’ 
HON. JANICE HAHN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the 80th Anniversary of the maiden voyage of the RMS Queen Mary. On May 27, 1936, over a quarter million spectators were on hand in Southampton, England to experience the magnificent world debut of the Queen Mary. At the time, the Queen Mary was the most advanced ship ever built, but its long storied history is what we are truly celebrating this month. The Queen Mary was the grandest ocean liner in the world carrying dignitaries like Prime Minister Winston Churchill, royalty like the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, and Hollywood celebrities like Bob Hope and Clark Gable. When World War II began, this luxury ocean liner was transformed into a key vessel for our Allied forces. The ship carried over 16,000 American soldiers from New York to Great Britain. It continued operating throughout the war, and due to the Queen Mary’s high speed it was difficult for German U boats to catch it. On numerous occasions, the ship carried Prime Minister Winston Churchill across the Atlantic for meetings with our fellow Allied Forces. The ship was a key asset in assuring our ultimate victory. After our victory in Europe, thousands of our brave soldiers traveled home onboard the Queen Mary, and were given a hero’s wel-come as the vessel returned to American ports. Today, the RMS Queen Mary is proudly docked in Long Beach, California. It serves as a treasured attraction where guests can come aboard and learn more about the history of this extravagant vessel. The ship features a full service hotel and hosts school groups, conventions and tourists from all over the world. To date, the Queen Mary has wel- comed over 60 million guests. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to help cele-brate the 80th Anniversary of the RMS Queen Mary. I am proud to represent the City of Long Beach in my district, which has the great honor of having this truly magical vessel per-manently docked in its harbor. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE SAVE OUR COMMUNITIES FROM RISKY TRAINS ACT OF 2016 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, in light of re-cent train derailments across the country and ongoing transportation security threats, I rise to introduce the Save Our Community from Risky Trains Act of 2016, which directs the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) to find ways to the greatest extent possible to re-route trains that are carrying certain haz-ardous materials from selected high-threat urban areas, including the District of Colum-bia. Just this month, sixteen cars of a CSX freight train derailed in a densely residential neighborhood of the nation’s capital, disrupting Metrorail, passenger rail, and freight rail serv-ice and putting families at risk. Among the de-railed freight train cars, cars carrying sodium hydroxide, calcium chloride and ethanol— which is flammable and led to a Metrorail shutdown—spilled. The neighborhood was lucky that there were no injuries, but the con-tinuing threat to the safety and security of urban communities is clear. In 2007, the House passed the Rail and Public Transportation Security Act of 2007, which included my amendment to protect the District and similar communities nationwide from dangerous hazardous material shipments by mandating that federal regulations and pen-alties be developed to increase security and safety for the shipment of these materials through high-threat urban areas. My amend-ment was not included in the final bill signed into law. While freight companies have begun working with DOT to voluntarily reroute the shipment of certain materials that are toxic by inhalation, poisonous by inhalation, or explo-sive from these communities, there is no fed-eral law requiring them to reroute the mate-rials. This bill would require the DOT Secretary to issue regulations to require enhanced security measures for shipments of security-sensitive materials. The bill also requires railroad car-riers to use the most secure route and storage pattern to avoid moving certain hazardous ma-terials by rail through selected high-threat urban areas. These security sensitive mate-rials include a highway route-controlled quan-tity of a Class 7 (radioactive) material; more than 25 kilograms of a division 1.1, 1.2, or 1.3 explosive; more than one liter per package of a material poisonous by inhalation; shipment in other than a bulk packaging of 2,268 kilo-grams gross weight or more of one class of hazardous materials for which placarding of a vehicle, rail car, or freight container is re-quired; and select agents or toxins regulated by the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention. High-profile derailments in North Dakota, Virginia, West Virginia, and Canada dem-onstrate the need for this legislation. Ethanol, which is flammable, still travels through big cit-ies, and even within a few blocks of the U.S. Capitol. This bill will protect our communities from the risk created by trains carrying haz-ardous materials. I urge support for this bill. f 
IN HONOR OF NATIONAL JUBILEE DAY 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the very important Supreme Court decision in Ancient Egyptian Arabic Order of Nobles of the Mystic Shrine et al. v. Michaux et al. that was handed down on June 3, 1929. The Court’s unanimous decision in this case affirmed the legal right of African Americans to participate in fraternal orders similar to those of Caucasian Americans. I also rise to cele-brate the second annual Jubilee Day Celebra-tion that will occur here in Washington, D.C. on June 5, 2016 to honor the 86th anniversary of this historic decision. The struggle for legal clarity on whether or not African Americans could continue to prac-tice the tenants and principles of the Mystic Shrine began in 1914 after a lawsuit was filed in Georgia and a judge granted an injunction, barring African Americans from using the names, titles, emblems, and regalia that were also used by Caucasian Shriners in the state. Several more lawsuits and injunctions in other states further limited African Americans abili-ties to participate in Masonic fraternities until a case in 1918 expanded these restrictions na-tionwide. In 1926, the Texas Supreme Court affirmed a lower court’s decision that barred African Americans from practicing Masonry in state and that decision was appealed to the United States Supreme Court. Finally, after 15 long years of fighting a costly legal battle for the right to exist and to legally practice, the United States Supreme Court handed down a unanimous decision on June 3, 1929, granting African Americans the right to continue their participation in Masonic fraternities similar to those of Caucasian Americans. Mr. Speaker, we are all aware of the tre-mendous contributions made by our local Prince Hall Shriners to make our communities better places. These selfless individuals give countless hours of service to our communities, provide generous college scholarships to eco-nomically disadvantaged youth, and contribute significant funds to hospitals and research in-stitutions. All of these things would not be pos-sible without the Supreme Court’s decision in June 1929. Mr. Speaker, even after the Supreme Court’s decision in 1929, the struggle for equality and recognition continued, and it con-tinues in many places to this day. In my home state of North Carolina, it took until November 21, 2008 for the Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons of North Carolina and Jurisdictions, Inc. to gain the acceptance and official recognition of their white Masonic brothers of the Ancient, Free and Accepted Masons of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the 41st Imperial Potentate of Prince Hall Shriners, Rochelle J. Julian, in commemorating the 86th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s unanimous decision in An-cient Egyptian Arabic Order of Nobles of the Mystic Shrine et al. v. Michaux et al, and in wishing a joyous celebration to everyone that will be in Washington, D.C. participating in the festivities for the National Jubilee Day Cele-bration. f 
BRITTANY VALENCIA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Brittany Va-lencia for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Brittany Valencia is a 12th grader at Wheat Ridge High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Brittany Valencia is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26MY8.023 E26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE808 May 26, 2016 
perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Brit-tany Valencia for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MARTIN EUGENE (GENE) CAMPBELL 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Martin Eugene (Gene) Campbell, who died on May 17, 2016. Mr. Campbell was a pioneering member of the Florida Legislature and later became an es-sential figure in Belle Glade, Florida, where he served as Assistant Principal of Glades Cen-tral High School for over 20 years, working hand in hand with the late Dr. Effie C. Grear. Mr. Campbell was born in Gadsen, Alabama and earned a B.A. from Auburn University. His teaching career began in Germany, where he met his wife Carmen. They returned to Palm Beach County where he taught American his-tory at Howell Watkins Junior High School. After serving as president of the Palm Beach County Classroom Teachers Associa-tion, Mr. Campbell, a lifelong democrat, was elected to non-consecutive terms in the state legislature in 1974 and 1978, representing West Palm Beach. While in Tallahassee, he earned a reputa-tion as a good-government reformer and as a relentless champion for public education. Known as ‘‘Casino Geno,’’ Mr. Campbell intro-duced legislation to expand gaming to Florida as early as 1975. Ahead of his time, Mr. Campbell was motivated solely by increasing teacher salaries and improving the quality of Florida’s education system. Upon retiring from politics, he dedicated himself to the Glades Central community and became an unapologetic cheerleader for Belle Glade and the western Palm Beach County region. Mr. Campbell was married to Carmen Campbell, a longtime fellow educator. The couple had three children, Carmen, Donald and Daniel, each of whom have dedicated themselves to education as well. They are blessed with four grandchildren. Mr. Campbell was a towering figure who en-gendered respect and love among everyone in the political process and educational field. He was a good friend and mentor to many and will be dearly missed. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I want to state for the record that on Monday, May 23, I unfortu-nately missed two roll call votes in order to at-tend my daughter’s graduation. Had I been present I would have voted: 1. No—motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4889 (Roll Number 229). Had I been present, I would have voted no on H.R. 4889 (Roll Call 229). 2. Aye—motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 3998 (Roll Number 230). Had I been present, I would have voted aye on H.R. 3998 (Roll Call 230). f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SAC-RIFICE OF PURPLE STAR RECIPI-ENT PAUL GOINS AND HIS TEAM 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and sacrifice of Paul Goins and five of his brave team members who lost their lives in support of America’s mission over-seas. Paul’s path was defined by an abiding de-sire to serve his country and seek out opportu-nities to drive positive change—he answered this call his entire life. After serving in the United States Marines, Paul worked with the Federal Bureau of Prisons and the private sector before serving his country at the Com-bined Security Transition Command in Afghan-istan. On February 10, 2014, Paul (Goins was training and equipping allies of the Inter-national Military Coalition in Kabul when he was killed in an explosion. My prayers and condolences go out to Paul’s family; his chil-dren, grandchildren and his loving wife. I also honor five other members of Paul’s team who were called abroad and gave the ul-timate sacrifice as they worked to make the world a safer place. These six recipients of the Purple Star receive an honor of the upmost distinction for making the ultimate sacrifice while helping the United States of America ac-complish vital security and foreign policy ob-jectives across the globe. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MEDAL OF HOPE SOCIETY 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Medal of Hope Society, an organization in Ohio’s Second District com-mitted to honoring civilians among us who proudly serve our wounded and fallen vet-erans. Founded by one of my constituents, Mr. Richard Lynch, the Medal of Hope Society is an organization comprised of wounded military combat veterans & Gold Star family members. Every year, these men and women recognize a special civilian who demonstrates great dedication to our nation’s heroes, both living and deceased, who have taken up arms in the War on Terror. As a veteran of this war, I have seen first-hand the heroism and sacrifice of members of our military. I’ve witnessed the bloodshed and loss of life. So I sincerely thank those who dedicate their lives and work tirelessly to make sure our returning troops are receiving the care and support they need. And thank you, Medal of Hope Society, for recognizing their noble commitment. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call no. 248, had I been present, I would have voted Aye. On Roll Call no. 250, had I been present, I would have voted Aye. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,223,047,535,897.31. We’ve added $8,596,170,486,984.23 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
CELINCE GALLEGOS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Celince Gallegos for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Celince Gallegos is a 12th grader at Stanley Lake High School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Celince Gallegos is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Celince Gallegos for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING NED WATERS 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is with sincere appreciation that I recognize Ned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26MY8.013 E26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE809 May 26, 2016 
Waters for his extraordinary vision to establish Operation Outdoor Freedom which is spon-sored by Florida Commissioner of Agriculture, Adam Putnam. Recently, Mr. Waters an-nounced his retirement from service with Op-eration Outdoor Freedom. Mr. Waters and his wife realized the need for a program to give back to wounded war-riors coming back from war. By encouraging all of his friends to donate time, money, prop-erty, and gifts, they started the program that was then called the Wounded Warrior Sports-man Fund. Operation Outdoor Freedom pro-vides wounded veterans with outdoor activities that they enjoy at no cost. This program has evolved from the first single outing to over 70 chapters statewide. Operation Outdoor Free-dom grants wounded veterans a unique op-portunity for recreation and rehabilitation. By creating an atmosphere so that wounded war-riors can spend time with like-minded vet-erans, Operation Outdoor Freedom has changed many lives for the better. I am truly grateful for Ned Waters’ work to provide opportunities to wounded veterans and Purple Heart Recipients who have fought to defend our freedom. Our community and our state are better due to his service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF CHUCK KAVANAUGH 
HON. JOHN A. YARMUTH 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the career of Charles J. ‘‘Chuck’’ Kavanaugh as he retires after 20 years as Ex-ecutive Vice President of the Building Industry Association of Greater Louisville, formerly the Home Builders Association of Louisville. For two decades, Chuck has helped con-struct and remodel houses throughout Louis-ville—places where families can build their own foundation for a successful future. He has also worked with businesses large and small to help grow and expand their factories, office buildings, and workspaces, creating jobs and significantly impacting our local economy. Under his leadership, the Building Industry Association of Louisville has become second- largest of the nearly 700 homebuilders groups affiliated with the National Association of Home Builders. And his hard work and suc-cess have not gone unnoticed by the NAHB, who have previously named him ‘‘Executive Officer of the Year’’ and President of the As-sociation’s Executive Officers Council, a posi-tion he attained after being elected by his peers. Throughout his career at the Building Indus-try Association of Greater Louisville—and pre-viously as Vice President of the former Louis-ville Area Chamber of Commerce—Chuck has spent his life helping others. He is also a Founder of the Building Industries’ Charitable Foundation, where he has dedicated his time and effort to their important partnership with YouthBuild and Kosair Charities. I want to thank Chuck for his dedication to our community, his service to homeowners and business owners throughout our city, and—above all—his advice and friendship dur-ing all these years. On behalf of the people of Kentucky’s Third Congressional District and the City of Louisville, I extend my best wishes to Chuck as he begins his much-deserved re-tirement. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I inadvertently voted ‘aye’ for the Clarifying Congressional In-tent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016 (Roll Call No. 248) when my intention was to vote ‘no’ on the legislation. I support local budget autonomy for the District of Co-lumbia. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. STEPHEN HANKE ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Dr. Stephen Hanke on the occasion of his retirement after 44 years of dedicated public service as an educator. Dr. Hanke served as a teacher, principal, and assistant superintendent in four school districts before being appointed as Super-intendent of the Dublin Unified School District (DUSD) in 2006. Under his stewardship, DUSD has attained unprecedented levels of achievement. DUSD saw its Academic Performance Index (API) climb every year during his tenure to an all-time high of 904 in 2013, the last year the API was measured by California. As the new Smarter Balanced Assessments (SBAC) scores were released last fall, DUSD was once again among the highest-performing school districts in the state. Dr. Hanke successfully transformed the cul-ture and defined DUSD’s core values by cre-ating and implementing the Vision 20/20 Stra-tegic Plan. DUSD became focused on contin-uous improvement through the development of a Professional Learning Community. As a re-sult, six schools earned the distinction of being named a California Distinguished School. Under Dr. Hanke’s leadership, DUSD also created a STEM Enrichment Academy and emerged as a regional leader in putting tech-nology in the classrooms. The infusion of STEM combined with some of the state’s most rigorous graduation requirements have made students more prepared for college and career success than ever before. In addition, Dr. Hanke’s tenure coincided with a period of rapid expansion, as he oversaw 40 modernization projects and the addition of three elementary schools and a middle school. The signature enhancements were $120 million of renovation and expansion at Dublin High School, which is now regarded as one of the premier campuses in California. Despite the pressures of managing growth, DUSD maintained financial stability even through the most difficult times. Dr. Hanke has fostered lasting, productive partnerships in the community and has laid the groundwork for an ever-expanding offering of programs and opportunities for all Dublin students. I wish to congratulate him on his long and distinguished career, and wish him health and happiness in retirement. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE AND MEMORY OF WORLD WAR II SOL-DIER SECOND LIEUTENANT OWEN BAYLISS COFFMAN 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service and memory of World War II hero and soldier, Second Lieutenant Owen Bayliss Coffman of Palm Springs, California. His re-markable life was cut short when he answered our nation’s call to service in the Second World War. It is my intention to honor the memory of this hero by recording the history of his service to our great country. Owen Bayliss Coffman was born on Feb-ruary 1, 1920 in Palm Springs, California to Owen Earl and Helen Ann Bayliss Coffman. Owen attended school in Palm Springs, com-pleting his primary school education at Frances Stevens School. For four years, Owen rode a bus from Palm Springs to Ban-ning High School, where he graduated in 1938. He left our Coachella Valley to attend Stanford University where he earned a bach-elor’s degree in 1942. Owen strongly desired to serve his country in uniform, and a bad back that never healed correctly after breaking it at the age of 20 almost kept him from mili-tary service. While at Stanford, Owen enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps and came to active duty in 1943. Owen completed his basic train-ing in Santa Ana, California and completed his flight training at March Field. He earned his wings in Yuma, Arizona and was awarded the rank of second lieutenant. Owen and his crew shipped off to Peterborough, England. On his second bombing mission over Poland, his crew was recalled over the North Sea. His plane went down due to inclement weather. Of the ten men on his plane, seven were killed and three parachuted to safety. Owen sac-rificed his life in service to our country. Owen was buried at the American Military Cemetery near Cambridge. His grandmother wished for his remains to stay in England, saying, ‘‘Leave him in the land of my ances-tors, where he will forever be honored with his fallen comrades.’’ Mr. Speaker, Owen Bayliss Coffman is an American hero whose life and service deserve to the fullest extent our abilities to honor him. It is with my deepest respect that I commend and remember this brave young man from Palm Springs. Owen joined hands with count-less other patriots to safeguard the freedoms we enjoy. He is a shining example to all of us, and it is my sincere hope that by preserving his memory, we inspire a new generation to look to Second Lieutenant Owen Bayliss Coffman’s shining example of self-less serv-ice, patriotism, and dedication to freedom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26MY8.032 E26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE810 May 26, 2016 
COURTNEY CONERTY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Courtney Conerty for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Courtney Conerty is an 8th grader at Wood-row Wilson Academy and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Courtney Conerty is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Courtney Conerty for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding missed votes on Monday, May 23, 2016 and Tuesday, May 24, 2016 due to my son’s graduation from high school. Had I been present for roll call vote number 229, H.R. 4889, the Kelsey Smith Act, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Had I been present for roll call vote number 230, H.R. 3998, the Securing Access to Net-works in Disaster Act, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present for roll call vote number 231, Ordering the Previous Question for H. Res. 743, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present for roll call vote number 232, H. Res. 743, Adoption of the Rule Pro-viding for Consideration of H.R. 5055, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present for roll call vote number 233, Ordering the Previous Question for H. Res. 742, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present for roll call vote number 234, H. Res. 742, Adoption of the Rule Pro-viding for Consideration of H.R. 897 and H.R. 2576, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present for roll call vote number 235, H.R. 5077, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present for roll call vote number 236, the Democrat Motion to Recommit H.R. 897, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Had I been present for roll call vote number 237, H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Control Act, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present for roll call vote number 238, Passage of the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2576, the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ IN RECOGNITION OF CORPORAL ROBERT L. SNOW HON. JOHN C. CARNEY, JR. 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Corporal Robert L. Snow and his many years of service to the state of Dela-ware. When Mr. Snow first joined the New Castle County Police Department in 1968, he made history as the first African American police offi-cer for the NCCPD. His addition to the force came at a time of upheaval in Wilmington, as violence and anger engulfed the city following the murder of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Despite these circumstances, Mr. Snow was able to break down barriers by committing fully to his duties as a police officer, where he earned the respect and admiration of his col-leagues. Throughout his career, he dem-onstrated a keen understanding of the impor-tance of building lasting, positive relationships in the community through compassion, respect and professionalism. Most importantly, Mr. Snow has always shown a willingness to put the safety and security of others above his own. Corporal Snow’s efforts have made a dif-ference for future generations by paving the way and setting an example for police officers across our state. Many continue to be inspired by Mr. Snow’s bravery and ability to conquer racism in becoming an exemplary member of the law enforcement community for 20 years. As Delaware’s lone member of the U.S. House of Representatives, I am grateful for his dedication to public safety and I’m honored to join in recognizing his distinguished career. Once again, I’d like to thank Corporal Snow for his service, and to congratulate him on the dedication of the Community/Training Room at the Cpl. Paul J. Sweeney Public Safety Build-ing in his honor. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 125TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE CONNECTICUT BEEKEEPERS ASSOCIATION 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Connecticut Beekeepers Association, which is celebrating its 125th anniversary this weekend. The Connecticut Beekeepers Asso-ciation is vital to promoting and protecting honeybees in communities across Con-necticut. The appreciation our state’s bee-keepers receive doesn’t come close to match-ing their impact on our health and our econ-omy. Honeybees pollinate one-third of the food on our plates and roughly 90 crops found in the United States. To give you an idea of the role honeybees play in our food security, picture walking into your local grocery store and find-ing the produce aisles half-empty. That’s what a future without honeybees would look like. Unfortunately, honeybees are dying off at an alarming rate, due to Colony Collapse Dis-order and stressors such as disease, habitat loss, and pesticides. The Connecticut Bee-keepers Association is working tirelessly to save our pollinators. It’s bringing together bee-keepers, farmers, businesses, and consumers and educating the public about the importance of honeybees. The Connecticut Beekeepers Association knows that the best way to engage people in this important work is to keep it fun. They even brought live bees to a New Britain Bees baseball game to show kids how hives work. I am proud to support the Connecticut Bee-keepers Association’s efforts for a healthy, sustainable honeybee population in the future. On this historic anniversary, I commend the Connecticut Beekeepers Association on 125 years of excellence in beekeeping and envi-ronmental stewardship. f 
TRIBUTE TO HILLIARD, OHIO PO-LICE OFFICER SEAN R. JOHNSON 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Hilliard, Ohio Po-lice Officer Sean R. Johnson who passed away last week in a tragic training accident. Officer Johnson’s dedication to public serv-ice was evident as he made the decision to join the Air Force after graduating high school in 1988. After serving in the military and earn-ing the rank of Senior Airman, Officer Johnson was Honorably Discharged and soon brought on at the Fairfield County Sheriffs Department in 1995. At the Fairfield County Sheriff’s De-partment, he graduated from the Police Acad-emy and worked as a Special Deputy until 1997. After working in court security and as a liq-uor control agent, Officer Johnson joined the Hilliard Division of Police in October 1999, and would stay with the department for the next 16 years. Throughout his time with the Hilliard Di-vision of Police, he was distinguished as one of the most valuable members of the depart-ment, earning numerous Achievement Cita-tions for his service above the normal call of duty in dangerous circumstances. He was also active in the community as a Crisis Intervention Team Officer, where he was well known for calming and talking to people during difficult times in their lives. While serving, Officer Johnson earned an As-sociate’s Degree in Law Enforcement from Columbus State Community College. All of this, he did while also being a father to two children. I’m extremely thankful for the service of Offi-cer Sean Johnson and all first responders. 
f 
DESTINY MARTINEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 26, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Destiny Mar-tinez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26MY8.015 E26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE811 May 26, 2016 
Destiny Martinez is a 12th grader at Stanley Lake High School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Destiny Martinez is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Des-tiny Martinez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26MY8.016 E26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D594 Thursday, May 26, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3231–S3383 Measures Introduced: Twenty-four bills and three resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2993–3016, and S. Res. 479–481.
           Pages S3290–91 
Measures Reported: S. 2127, to provide appropriate protections to pro-bationary Federal employees, to provide the Special Counsel with adequate access to information, to pro-vide greater awareness of Federal whistleblower pro-tections, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–262) S. 3000, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. (S. Rept. No. 114–263) S. 3001, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. (S. Rept. No. 114–264) Report to accompany S. 552, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to provide for in-creased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control. (S. Rept. No. 114–265) Report to accompany S. 966, to extend the low- interest refinancing provisions under the Local De-velopment Business Loan Program of the Small Busi-ness Administration. (S. Rept. No. 114–266) Report to accompany S. 967, to require the Small Business Administration to make information relat-ing to lenders making covered loans publicly avail-able. (S. Rept. No. 114–267) Report to accompany S. 1001, to establish author-ization levels for general business loans for fiscal years 2015 and 2016. (S. Rept. No. 114–268) Report to accompany S. 1292, to amend the Small Business Act to treat certain qualified disaster areas as HUBZones and to extend the period for HUBZone treatment for certain base closure areas. (S. Rept. No. 114–269)
                                         Page S3290 
Measures Passed: United States Soccer Federation Equal Pay: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 462, urging the United States Soccer Federation to immediately eliminate gender pay inequity and treat all athletes with the same respect and dignity, and the resolution was then agreed to.   Pages S3256–57 
Barry G. Miller Post Office: Senate passed S. 2465, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street in Ber-gen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office. 
                                                                                            Page S3377 
Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building: Senate passed S. 2891, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 North Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’.
                   Pages S3377–78 
Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 136, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Of-fice’’.
                                                                                 Page S3378 
W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Build-ing: Senate passed H.R. 1132, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building’’.
                                                                     Page S3378 
Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building: Sen-ate passed H.R. 2458, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building’’.
                   Page S3378 
Harold George Bennett Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 2928, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Per-ryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’.
                                                                 Page S3378 
Daryle Holloway Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 3082, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Building’’.
     Page S3378 
Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 3274, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office’’.
            Page S3378 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MY6.REC D26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D595 May 26, 2016 
Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 3601, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building’’. 
                                                                                            Page S3378 
Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 3735, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office’’.
        Page S3378 
First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Of-fice Building: Senate passed H.R. 3866, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Town-ship, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building’’.
                  Page S3378 
Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Of-fice: Senate passed H.R. 4046, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wisconsin, as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office. 
                                                                                            Page S3378 
Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 4605, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Build-ing’’.
                                                                                 Page S3378 
Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Of-fice: Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs was discharged from further consider-ation of H.R. 433, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Spe-cialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                        Page S3378 
Patents for Humanity Program Improvement Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. 1402, to allow accel-eration certificates awarded under the Patents for Humanity Program to be transferable, and the bill was then passed.
                                                 Pages S3378–79 
National Foster Care Month: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 466, recognizing National Foster Care Month as an op-portunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster-care system, and encouraging Congress to implement policy to improve the lives of children in the foster-care system, and the resolu-tion was then agreed to.
                                Pages S3379–80 Mental Health Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 480, supporting the designation of May 2016 as ‘‘Mental Health Month’’.
                               Pages S3380–81 
Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 481, recognizing the significance of May 2016 as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and as an important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Americans and Pa-cific Islanders to the history of the United States. 
                                                                                            Page S3381 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate continued consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                      Pages S3234–53 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that on Monday, June 6, 2016, notwith-standing rule XXII, following morning business, the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, be agreed to; Senate begin consideration of the bill, and Senator Fischer, or her designee, be recognized to offer Amendment No. 4206; provided further, that the time until 5:30 p.m., be equally divided be-tween the managers, or their designees, and that at 5:30 p.m., Senate vote on or in relation to Fischer Amendment No. 4206, with no second-degree amendments in order to the amendment, prior to the vote.
                                                                                  Page S3250 
Appointments: Board of Trustees of the American Folklife Cen-ter of the Library of Congress: The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 94–201, as amended by Public Law 105–275, appointed the following individual as a member of the Board of Trustees of the American Folklife Cen-ter of the Library of Congress: John Patrick Rice, of Nevada, vice Patricia Atkinson, of Nevada. 
                                                                                            Page S3376 
Authorizing Leadership to Make Appoint-ments—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agree-ment was reached providing that notwithstanding the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the Presi-dent of the Senate, the President pro tempore, and the Majority and Minority Leaders be authorized to make appointments to commissions, committees, boards, conferences, or interparliamentary conferences authorized by law, by concurrent action of the two houses, or by order of the Senate.
                     Page S3381 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MY6.REC D26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD596 May 26, 2016 
Pro Forma—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate ad-journ, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, May 27, 2016, at 12:30 p.m.; Tues-day, May 31, 2016, at 8:30 a.m.; and Friday, June 3, 2016, at 1 p.m.; that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, June 3, 2016, it next convene at 2 p.m., on Monday, June 6, 2016; and that following Leader remarks, Senate be in a period of morning business until 4 p.m.
                                                                  Page S3381 
Nomination Referral—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that upon the reporting out of, or discharge of PN1385 (which has been referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation), the nomination then be referred to the Committee on Armed Services for a period not to exceed 45 calendar days, after which the nomination, if still in committee, be discharged and placed on the Executive Calendar.
           Page S3376 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Laura S. H. Holgate, of Virginia, to be Represent-ative of the United States of America to the Vienna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Am-bassador.
                                                    Pages S3255, S3382–83 
By 67 yeas to 29 nays (Vote No. EX. 88), Laura S. H. Holgate, of Virginia, to be the Representative of the United States of America to the International Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambas-sador.
                                                                                Page S3255 
4 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 38 Army nominations in the rank of general. 10 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 6 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, Marine Corps, and Navy.
             Pages S3382–83 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Marguerite Salazar, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Registered Agents and Brokers for a term of two years. Thomas Atkin, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Daniel P. Feehan, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Rebecca F. Dye, of North Carolina, to be a Fed-eral Maritime Commissioner for the term expiring June 30, 2020. Peter Michael McKinley, of Virginia, to be Am-bassador to the Federative Republic of Brazil. 6 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy.                                                                                             Page S3382 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S3286–87 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3287 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S3287 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S3287 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S3287–89 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S3289–90 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3291–94 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3294–98 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3284–86 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S3298–S3375 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3375 
Privileges of the Floor:                                Pages S3375–76 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—88)
                                                                   Page S3255 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:31 p.m., until 12:30 p.m. on Friday, May 27, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3381.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
U.S. LIVESTOCK AND POULTRY SECTORS Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine a review of the United States livestock and poultry sectors, fo-cusing on marketplace opportunities and challenges, after receiving testimony from Tracy Brunner, Na-tional Cattlemen’s Beef Association, Ramona, Kan-sas; Ron Truex, Creighton Brothers, LLC, Atwood, Indiana, on behalf of the United Egg Producers; Howard Hill, National Pork Producers Council, Cambridge, Iowa; Joe Goggins, Vermillion Ranch Co., Billings, Montana, on behalf of the United States Cattlemen’s Association; and John Zimmer-man, National Turkey Federation, Northfield, Min-nesota. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: An original bill (S. 3000) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MY6.REC D26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D597 May 26, 2016 
An original bill (S. 3001) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017. U.S. HEROIN EPIDEMIC Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues concluded a hearing to examine car-tels and the United States heroin epidemic, focusing on combating drug violence and the public health crisis, after receiving testimony from Daniel L. Foote, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs; Kemp L. Chester, Associate Director and Chief of the National Heroin Coordination Group, Office of National Drug Control Policy; Mayor Teresa Jacobs, Orange County, Florida; and Steven Dudley, InSight Crime, Washington, D.C. PROTECTING AMERICA FROM ISIS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine protecting America from the threat of ISIS, after re-ceiving testimony from Alejandro N. Mayorkas, Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security; and Justin Siberell, Acting Coordinator for Counterterrorism, Department of State. LOAN GUARANTY PROGRAM Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the Small Business Administration’s 7(a) loan guaranty pro-gram, including S. 2992, to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management of the Small Business Administration, after receiving testimony from Maria Contreras- Sweet, Administrator, Small Business Administra-tion. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 36 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5336–5371; and 9 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 134; and H. Res. 755–762, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H3293–95 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3296–97 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4166, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide specific credit risk retention re-quirements to certain qualifying collateralized loan obligations, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–596); and H.R. 4620, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to exempt certain commercial real estate loans from risk retention requirements, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–597).
                            Page H3293 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H3269, H3285 
Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016: Pursuant to H. Res. 751, the House concurred in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2577, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–56.               Pages H3270–80 
H. Res. 751, relating to consideration of the Sen-ate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2577), by a re-corded vote of 233 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 268, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 236 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 267. 
                                                                                    Pages H3283–84 
Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017: The House failed to pass H.R. 5055, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, by a yea-and-nay vote of 112 yeas to 305 nays, Roll No. 266. Consideration began Tuesday, May 24th. 
                                                                                    Pages H3280–83 
Rejected the Langevin motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 178 yeas to 236 nays, Roll No. 265. 
                                                                                    Pages H3281–82 
H. Res. 743, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) was agreed to May 24th. Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MY6.REC D26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD598 May 26, 2016 
2016—Motion to Go to Conference: The House agreed by voice vote to the Rogers (KY) motion to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, with the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, insist on the House amendment, and request a conference with the Sen-ate thereon.
                                                                   Page H3284 
The Chair appointed the following Members of the House to the conference committee on the bill: Representatives Rogers (KY), Granger, Cole, Dent, Fortenberry, Rooney (FL), Valadao, Roby, Lowey, DeLauro, Serrano, Bishop (GA), and Wasserman Schultz.
                                                                           Page H3285 
Appointment of Conferees: The Chair appointed the following conferees to S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States: From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of the Senate bill and the House amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Representatives Upton, Barton, Whitfield, Shimkus, Latta, McMorris Rodgers, Olson, McKin-ley, Pompeo, Griffith, Johnson (OH), Flores, Mullin, Pallone, Rush, Capps, Matsui, Castor (FL), Sarbanes, Welch, Ben Ray Lujan (NM), Tonka, and Loebsack. From the Committee on Agriculture, for consider-ation of secs. 3017, 3305, 4501, 4502, 5002, part II of subtitle C of title X, and sec. 10233 of the Senate bill, and secs. 1116 and 5013 of Division A, Division B, and secs. 1031, 1032, 1035–1037, sub-title K of title I, sec. 2013, subtitles F, M, and Q of title II, and title XXV of Division C of the House amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Representatives Conaway, Thompson (PA), and Peterson. From the Committee on Natural Resources, for consideration of secs. 2308, 3001, part II of title II, 3017, 3104, 3109, 3201, 3301–3306, 3308–3312, 4006, 4401, 4403, 4405, 4407, 4410, 4412–4414, title V, sec. 6001, subtitle A of title VI, sec. 6202, title VIII, title IX, subtitles A, B, and C of title X, parts I, II, III, and IV of subtitle D of title X, and secs. 10341 and 10345 of the Senate bill, and secs. 1115 and 1116 of Division A, Division B, and Divi-sion C of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Bishop (UT), Young (AK), Lummis, Denham, Westerman, Grijalva, Huffman, and Dingell. From the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology for consideration of secs. 1014, 1201, 1203, 1301–1304, 1306–1308, 1310, 1311, 2002, 2301, 2401, part III of subtitle A of title III, secs. 3101, 3302, 3307, 3402, 3403, 3501, 3502, 4001, 4002, 4006, 4101, subtitle C of title IV, secs. 4402, 4404, 4406, 4720, 4721, 4727, 4728, and 4737 of the Senate bill, and sec. 1109 and title VII of Division A, and Division D of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representa-tives Smith (TX), Weber (TX), and Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX). From the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure for consideration of secs. 1005, 1006, 1010, 1014, 1016–1019, 1022, 3001, 4724, title VII, and sec. 10331 of the Senate bill and secs. 2007, 3116, 3117, and 3141 of Division A, and title IX of Division B, subtitle D of title II of Divi-sion C of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Hardy, Zeldin, and DeFazio.                                               Page H3285 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, May 27.
                           Page H3285 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Gutierrez wherein he resigned from the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. 
                                                                                            Page H3288 
Providing for a recess of the House for a joint meeting to receive His Excellency Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India: Agreed by unani-mous consent that it may be in order at any time on Wednesday, June 8, 2016 for the Speaker to de-clare a recess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in joint meeting His Excellency Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India.
     Page H3293 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H3287. Senate Referral: S.J. Res. 28 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H3287 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H3282, H3282–83, H3283–84, and H3284. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:55 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
NAVY FORCE STRUCTURE AND READINESS: PERSPECTIVES FROM THE FLEET Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces; and Subcommittee on Readiness, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Navy Force Structure and Readiness: Perspectives from the Fleet’’. Testimony was heard from Captain Scott F. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MY6.REC D26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D599 May 26, 2016 
Robertson, USN, Commander, USS NORMANDY (CG–60); Captain Randy Stearns, USN, Commodore, Strike Fighter Wing, Atlantic; Captain Gregory McRae, USN, Deputy Commander, Submarine Squadron 6; and Captain Paul Odenthal, USN, Com-modore, Naval Construction Group 2. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on S. 1635, the ‘‘Department of State Oper-ations Authorization and Embassy Security Act, Fis-cal Year 2016’’. S. 1635 was ordered reported, as amended. THE ISIS GENOCIDE DECLARATION: WHAT NEXT? Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The ISIS Genocide Declaration: What Next?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LONG LINES, SHORT PATIENCE: LOCAL PERSPECTIVES Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Transportation Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Long Lines, Short Patience: Local Perspectives’’. Testimony was heard from Christina Callahan, Exec-utive Director, Syracuse Hancock International Air-port; and public witnesses. SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION: INFORMATION SYSTEMS REVIEW Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Social Security Administration: Information Systems Review’’. Testi-mony was heard from the following Social Security Administration officials: Carolyn W. Colvin, Acting Administrator; Robert Klopp, Deputy Commis-sioner, Systems, and Chief Information Officer; Marti A. Eckert, Associate Commissioner, Information Se-curity, and Chief Information Security Officer; and Gale Stallworth Stone, Deputy Inspector General. IMPACT OF EPA’S CLEAN POWER PLAN ON STATES Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Impact of EPA’s Clean Power Plan on States’’. Tes-timony was heard from E. Scott Pruitt, Attorney General, State of Oklahoma; and public witnesses. THE SHARING ECONOMY: A TAXING EXPERIENCE FOR NEW ENTREPRENEURS, PART II Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Sharing Economy: A Taxing Experience for New Entrepreneurs, Part II’’. Testi-mony was heard from Nina Olson, National Tax-payer Advocate, Internal Revenue Service. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, MAY 27, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26MY6.REC D26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD600 May 26, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12:30 p.m., Friday, May 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Friday, May 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 10 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E804, E808 Barr, Andy, Ky., E804 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E799 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E805 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E807 Carney, John C., Jr., E806, E810 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E808 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E801 Costa, Jim, Calif., E809 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E802 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E804, E806 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E805 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E808, E810 Garrett, Scott, N.J., E801 Granger, Kay, Tex., E808 Green, Al, Tex., E800 Hahn, Janice, Calif., E807 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E802, E808 Hensarling, Jeb, Tex., E800 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E810 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E800 Katko, John, N.Y., E802 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E799, E800 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E799 Miller, Candice S., Mich., E804 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E807 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E800, E801, E803, E804, E805, E806, E807, E808, E810, E810 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E803 Poe, Ted, Tex., E803, E806 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E809 Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E805 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E802 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E805 Shimkus, John, Ill., E805 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E810 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E806, E809 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E808 Welch, Peter, Vt., E805 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E808 Yarmuth, John A., Ky., E809 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 May 27, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26MY6.REC D26MYPT1emcdonald on DSK3SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST