Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H105 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JANUARY 7, 2016 No. 4 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, January 11, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
THURSDAY , JANUARY 7, 2016 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. L
AHOOD). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, January 7, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
ARIN L
AHOOD to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
VISAS AND WORK PERMITS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, Washington has, once again, under-mined and betrayed struggling Amer-ican workers who seek jobs that pay enough to support their families. In December, on less than 72 hours’ notice, Congress and President Obama shoved down the throats of Americans a 2,000-page, financially irresponsible, $1.1 trillion omnibus spending bill that not only risks America’s solvency, it also threatens American jobs for Amer-ican workers. Under old law, 66,000 H–2B foreign worker visas could be issued each year. Buried deep inside the 2,000-page omni-bus spending bill, on page 701, is an ob-scure provision without even a heading that, according to labor expert John Miano, increases available H–2B visas up to 264,000 per year, effectively quad-rupling visas for low-skilled, tem-porary nonagricultural foreign work-ers. Making matters worse, on New Year’s Eve, while America focused on football games and celebrations, Presi-dent Obama issued a 200-page proposed rule to illegally bust statutory green card immigration caps by approving unlimited numbers of work permits for foreigners who don’t have green cards. This White House action is yet another brazen display of contempt for immi-gration statutes, the rule of law, and American workers. The White House argues importing foreign labor is necessary because of a claimed shortage of American labor. Similarly, House Speaker PAUL RYAN claims increasing foreign worker visas ‘‘helps small businesses who cannot find labor when there’s a surge in de-mand for their labor, like seafood proc-essing or tourism.’’ This claimed labor shortage is unsup-ported by jobs or wage data and is po-litical bunk. Per Federal labor statis-tics, 57 percent—57 percent—of Ameri-cans without a high school diploma had no job in 2015’s second quarter. That bears repeating. Fifty-seven percent of Americans without a high school di-ploma had no job in 2015’s second quar-ter. That is a lot of Americans who would love to have those jobs President Obama and Congress denied Americans and gave to foreigners. Economics 101 explains that wages rise if there is a labor shortage and fall if there is a labor surplus. According to Census Bureau data from 2007 to 2014; wages for security guards went down 6.1 percent, for cooks down 4.4 percent; for janitors down 1.2 percent; for ush-ers, lobby attendants, and ticket tak-ers, down 7.1 percent; for hotel, motel, and resort desk clerks, down 7 percent. The list of falling wages for low-income American workers goes on and on. This falling wage data is compelling evi-dence that there is no shortage of American labor and, to the contrary, that there is an oversupply of Amer-ican labor that demands cutting for-eign labor, not expanding it. Mr. Speaker, while these surges in foreign worker visas and foreign labor work permits is a huge victory for spe-cial interests that profit from sup-pressed wages, it is a debilitating loss for struggling American families. Unemployed and underpaid Ameri-cans desperate for a good-paying job have every right to be angry at a Fed-eral Government that takes American jobs from American citizens and gives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.000 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH106 January 7, 2016 
them to foreigners. Americans have every right to be angry at Washington elected officials who care more about special interest campaign contribu-tions than American voters who elect-ed us. I hope those Americans will re-member their anger during 2016’s pri-mary and general elections. That is the way to force Washington to represent us. Mr. Speaker, I can’t speak for any-body else, but, as for me, M
OBROOKS  from Alabama’s Fifth Congressional District, I fight for the economic inter-ests of American citizens and against policies that undermine the struggling American voters who sent us here. That is part of the reason why I voted against December’s financially irre-sponsible omnibus spending bill—and am proud of it. 
f 
MALHEUR NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, with the odd drama playing out in Or-egon where armed thugs have taken over a Federal wildlife facility, it is important to reflect on what the wild-life refuge system is all about. If these people had any argument with the President, it was with Presi-dent Roosevelt, who 108 years ago es-tablished the Malheur National Wild-life Refuge as a response to protect natural resources, especially the slaughter of wild birds for feathers to adorn women’s hats. It is ironic that the President, who in his younger days participated in the slaughter of over 6 million buffalo that roamed the Midwest plains on a mag-nificent ecostructure, realized the ne-cessity of protecting these resources. Today we benefit from the foresight of this conservation President who pro-vided the cornerstone of environmental protection that enriches us all. The notion that somehow this is the ‘‘wild west,’’ where people can do with public land what they want, is thor-oughly discredited. This mind-set from the 1800s that there were endless, wide- open spaces, where people could do what they wished, when they wished, where they wished, is tinged with re-gret and tragedy. We took away the land from Native Americans that our government had given to them in sol-emn treaty, ratified by Congress. The mind-set that public lands of the West were to be exploited as rapidly as possible is still embodied in the Mining Act of 1872, which essentially allows anyone, including foreign mining oper-ations, to exploit our country’s min-eral resources at basically no cost and with no enforceable obligation to re-pair the damage they inflicted. The West is now blighted with thousands of abandoned mines and oil and gas wells that will risk being a permanent scar on the landscape. While private profit was pursued, the public was left with the consequences and the cost of clean-up, if it ever occurs. The longstanding battles over Amer-ican rangeland between competing owners and between competing uses, like cattle and sheep, were not pretty. There is no doubt that there are still significant problems dealing with pub-lic land management, in part because the rules of the game are still set by the Mining Act of 1872 and the Taylor Grazing Act of 1934. All but the most reckless individuals would agree that if these statutes were written today they would look fun-damentally different with more protec-tions and clarity. It was into this void that Teddy Roosevelt stepped, declar-ing critical national monuments. He established wildlife refuges to benefit countless generations to come. These amazing treasures are not just scenic wonders. They hold extraor-dinarily valuable habitat for wildlife, waterfowl, helping preserve the land and the water and the ecosystem that goes far beyond what is simply spectac-ular to look at. This is America’s heritage. We strug-gle on an ongoing basis to recover from the reckless, thoughtless exploitation of the last two centuries. The vast ma-jority of the American public supports this effort, even if they never visit the remote Western regions. Indeed, the fact that they are often inaccessible is the only way that they are preserved. Imagine tour buses, motorized vehicles, hordes of tourists, their infrastructure and their litter, and the destructive ef-fects that would have. The sideshow with the Malheur Na-tional Wildlife Refuge obscures a much larger and important public policy: protecting our heritage, enhancing it, and avoiding reckless behavior of a few that will penalize generations to come. That is why the Harney Basin Wet-lands Initiative of people in that re-gion, facilitated by the refuge between 2010 and 2013, was a textbook example of collaboration, where all the stake-holders created a vision and a 20-year plan for the refuge and the surrounding landscape, including the biggest wet-land restoration project ever under-taken. It would be valuable for us to look behind the headlines to the facts on the ground, the history of the resource, the struggle for protection, the tremendous benefits for all Americans, and what the stakeholders in that region accom-plished together. 
f 
REPEALING THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I was proud to vote in favor of the Restoring Ameri-cans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconcili-ation Act, which repeals the Affordable Care Act, or the ACA. With yesterday’s passage of the bill, it marks the first time repeal of the ACA has been sent to President Obama’s desk. In the past year, several significant problems with this law have become ever more clear. We have seen a large number of healthcare co-ops go under. One major healthcare provider, UnitedHealthcare, announced it is pull-ing out of the ACA exchange. This sys-tem is just not sustainable. Late last year, the Congressional Budget Office released a report stating that the ACA will lead to a reduction of work-hours equivalent to 2 million jobs over the next decade. The CBO at-tributes this reduction to healthcare subsidies tied to income, raising effec-tive tax rates for Americans, and cre-ating a disincentive for people seeking promotions or new, higher paying jobs. It also points to higher taxes and pen-alties as a reason for the reduction in work-hours. In comparison, the Restoring Ameri-cans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconcili-ation Act will reduce the Federal def-icit by more than half a trillion dollars over the next 10 years. It will also eliminate costly provisions, such as the individual and employer health insur-ance coverage mandates, the Cadillac tax on high-cost plans, and it will en-hance the solvency of Medicare. It also ensures that Federal tax dollars will not go to providers of abortion. Mr. Speaker, over the past several years, dozens of ACA reforms have been signed into law. However, we have only scratched the surface when it comes to addressing problems with this law. It is time to come together to support a comprehensive approach that ensures responsible use of taxpayer dollars and fixes the issues affecting our Nation’s healthcare system. f 
HAYMARKET CAFE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to share the story of the Haymarket Cafe, started by brothers Peter and David Simpson, in North-ampton, Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, one of the surest signs of a vibrant local economy is a lively restaurant scene. You know a town or a region is humming economically when you have a wide variety of res-taurants to choose from. It is a sign that people have enough money left over after paying all of their bills to spend on treating themselves and their families. It is a strong indication that people feel secure in the direction of the economy. But for millions of low-wage workers across the country, the story is more complicated than that, and the picture is not all that pretty. For all the eco-nomic vibrancy associated with res-taurant culture—and though res-taurants employ almost 1 in 10 private 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.002 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H107 January 7, 2016 
sector workers—restaurant workers are among the worst paid, worst treat-ed within the economy as a whole. b1015 While non-restaurant private sector workers make a median hourly wage of $18, restaurant workers earn a median hourly wage of $10, including tips. The results are predictable in that more than 16 percent of restaurant workers live below the poverty line. This picture is made even worse by how it is skewed along race and gender lines. The highest paid positions in res-taurants tend to be held by men and people who are White while the lowest paid positions are typically held by women and people of color. At the bot-tom of the ladder are undocumented workers, who comprise over 15 percent of the restaurant workforce, more than twice the rate for non-restaurant sec-tors. The good news is that it doesn’t have to be this way. There are forward- thinking restaurant owners who are choosing the high road, restaurants where conscious efforts are made to break down gender and ethnic divisions and that choose to pay a living wage with good benefits. If you ask them, the owners of these establishments will tell you that they choose this path because it is not only the right thing to do, but it is also the smart thing to do financially. They choose this path because it is a solid business model that improves the chances of success in a highly competi-tive industry. I am proud to represent one of those restaurants in my district. The Haymarket Cafe in Northampton, Mas-sachusetts, has led the way for almost a quarter century in treating its em-ployees with respect and in paying them a living wage. I attended an event a couple of weeks ago at the Haymarket Cafe at which the owner, Peter Simpson, announced that his restaurant was moving to a $15 per hour minimum wage and would be eliminating tips. Now, I have known Peter for a long time, and I was not surprised that he would take such a step. Peter opened the Haymarket with his brother, David, almost 25 years ago. From the beginning, they were com-mitted to paying a fair wage and in creating a positive work environment for their employees. In talking to Peter, I realized that his decision, while it reflected his idealism, was rooted in hard-nosed business sense. You don’t survive and thrive for a quarter century in the highly competi-tive restaurant industry, especially in a small, tight-knit community like Northampton, if your business model isn’t airtight. Every decision you make has to make sense financially in order to succeed and stay competitive. The decision to go to a $15 per hour minimum wage and eliminate tips was not something Peter took lightly. He did his homework. He looked at other restaurants in other cities that had made a similar move. He talked to all of his employees. He worked closely with the Pioneer Valley Workers Cen-ter, which is leading the charge to bet-ter the lives of low-wage immigrant workers in western Massachusetts. Eliminating tips allowed Peter to make the wages between better paid waiters and less well-paid kitchen staff more equitable. It allowed his wait staff to earn a wage they could count on, rather than having to depend on the tipping whims of customers. It also gave him increased staffing flexibility, as he could train all of his staff to do all jobs so he could more easily shift people around when necessary. In com-mitting to a $15 per hour minimum wage, Peter also increased staff loyalty while decreasing turnover and training costs. As a result of Peter’s bold decision, the Haymarket Cafe has been over-whelmed by an outpouring of support. Staff and customers are equally enthu-siastic, and business has jumped. This commitment to wage equity has shown, once again, to be a sound busi-ness strategy and has shown that a business based on such principles can provide a decent living for its staff and can contribute to the economic health of the community. Mr. Speaker, the Haymarket Cafe is living proof, especially in an industry with such a dismal track record on wages, that paying a living wage is good for business and that a commit-ment to wage equity makes financial sense. The restaurant industry can and must do better, and I am proud to say the Haymarket Cafe is leading the way. 
f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S EXECUTIVE ACTION ON THE SECOND AMEND-MENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) for 5 minutes. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week the President took aim at our Second Amendment rights. We know his purpose was to restrict the constitutional right of law-abiding citizens. It will undermine our personal privacy rights. It will make it to where due process is taken away from many of our citizens, but it won’t stop crimi-nals from carrying firearms. As a fa-ther and as a grandfather, my heart is broken over the many tragedies and at-tacks that have occurred around this Nation, but this won’t cure the prob-lem. In this Congress, we must fight for the rights of our Constitution. We must also use the courts to fight for those rights. We must do more. Mr. Speaker, not only I, but you and every Member of this Congress, took an oath of office when we took these posi-tions. We took that oath, and it was to uphold and to defend the Constitution, all of the Constitution, not just the First Amendment, but the Second Amendment as well and every part thereof. When I took that oath, I took it very, very seriously. I am doing my part. I am upholding the oath that I took. I believe the President should uphold his. f 
HONORING DR. SHARON ELLIOTT- BYNUM, A TRAILBLAZER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my condolences on the passing of a giant in the Durham, North Carolina, community, a trail-blazer, one who dedicated her life to improving health outcomes for dis-advantaged citizens, including vet-erans. This trailblazer, Mr. Speaker, was my friend, Dr. Sharon Elliott-Bynum. Sharon passed away on Sunday, Janu-ary 3, at the young age of 58, 2 days be-fore her 59th birthday. We lost this giant far too soon, but not before she revolutionized the deliv-ery of care for those in need through the founding of Durham’s first free- standing, comprehensive healthcare clinic, called Healing with CAARE. My first visit as Durham’s Congress-man was an enlightening visit to CAARE. I saw Sharon at work, I saw paid staff, and I saw dozens of commu-nity volunteers. We mourn this tre-mendous loss, but we also celebrate Sharon’s remarkable life, which was re-plete with the success that many can only hope to achieve. Born in Durham, Sharon Elliott- Bynum was a graduate of Northern High School, Durham Technical Insti-tute, the Watts School of Nursing, and my alma mater, North Carolina Cen-tral University. She also received a master’s degree and a Ph.D. from Vic-tory International College. Sharon was a dedicated member of a great sorority, Delta Sigma Theta So-rority, Inc. As a member of the Dur-ham Alumnae Chapter, founded in 1931, she led by example. Sharon was also a member of the National Council of Negro Women, of Sigma Theta Tau International, of the Top Ladies of Dis-tinction, and of many more service or-ganizations. Finally, she was a faithful member of the Faith Assembly Chris-tian Center in Durham. Dr. Elliott-Bynum was attracted to the field of nursing when she, at the age of 16, began volunteering at the historic Lincoln Community Health Center. Sharon’s volunteerism moti-vated her to pursue a nursing career. So, in 1995, Dr. Elliott-Bynum and her late sister, Patricia—‘‘Pat’’ she called her—founded Healing with CAARE, Inc. What began as a nonprofit, commu-nity-based provider of services for indi-viduals who were living with HIV ex-panded to being the primary healthcare home for more than 1,000 individuals who live with cancer, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and obesity. CAARE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.003 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH108 January 7, 2016 
also provides free dental care, sub-stance abuse counseling, a food pantry, and free housing for homeless veterans. Her remarkable work has been hon-ored over the years through many awards and recognitions. They include The Order of the Long Leaf Pine, which is the highest civilian honor presented by the Governor; the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation’s Veterans Braintrust Award; the NCCU Distin-guished Alumni Award; and the Dur-ham Chamber of Commerce Women’s Leadership Award. Dr. Elliott-Bynum’s lifetime of tire-less work and service to thousands of disadvantaged individuals had an im-measurable impact on the Durham community, a grateful community that joins me today in celebrating this life. I ask my colleagues to join me in ex-pressing our recognition to Dr. Sharon Elliott-Bynum’s two children, Ebony Elliott-Covington and Damien Elliott- Bynum; to her beloved brother, Joe El-liott, Jr.; to her sisters, Carolyn Hin-ton and Addie Mann; to her grandson, Ahmad; to the entire CAARE family; and to all of those who have been im-pacted by her extraordinary work. Some of her family members are with us today. Mr. Speaker, in closing, on tomor-row, I will say just a few words at the Celebration of Life service in Durham by making a very plain, but profound, point. It goes like this: Durham, North Carolina, is a better place to live and work because of the unselfish service of Dr. Sharon Elliott-Bynum. May she rest in peace, a life well lived. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF LAWRENCE AGEE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sadness to commemorate the life of Mr. Lawrence Agee, a man I call a friend. He was a long-time resident of McArthur, California, in eastern Shas-ta County. Born in 1937, he operated an institution in the area for 55 years, known as the Highway Garage, which was the smallest, I think, Chevrolet dealership, maybe, in the West, and it was the only one for about an 80-mile radius for a lot of years until the reor-ganization of General Motors happened and they took the franchise away. On that lot, he might have in his in-ventory seven, eight, nine new cars— pickups, mostly, for the farmers and ranchers in the area. It was really an institution to the people of the area. When that dealership was pulled, they continued on, he and his family, in pro-viding service and towing and all of the things that you would need in that area. I got to know Lawrence when I was a new candidate in 2002, striking out from where I lived—about 2
1⁄2hours away—to go out and meet people in the vast northern California district I have represented over the years. I stopped in one day on Highway 299, in eastern Redding, right in McArthur there, and said hi to this tall, lanky fellow here, who just felt like the heart of America right there. I struck up a conversation and had a great old time. For many, many years, he did oper-ate a Chevrolet dealership, but I drove up in my Ford. So that started a little banter going back and forth, especially if you are a partisan NASCAR fan or an automobile brand fan, which kind of tends to go with that there. One of the lines I remember him teas-ing me about was, ‘‘Well, you know, it is a nice car there, but here we sell the best and service the rest.’’ I guess he probably figured he was going to have to service my car a lot if I were in the neighborhood. Yet, the teasing and the banter was just one of the great parts of our friendship and relationship. Soon after that, every time I would have a chance, I would go through there, whether it was going up to the Inter-Mountain Fair for a day or two right there in town. He was a big part of that institution as well and would hang out with the people there. There is a parade at that fair each year. After I got to know him and Elea-nor and his family a little bit, he even let me use his convertible to drive in the parade there. It was a neat, old Chevy SSR. I think that was his subtle way to get me into a Chevrolet at least once a year. The funny thing is that he didn’t drive it that much; so, people around there would only see it once a year. And they got to thinking it was my car or something; so, it was a funny deal. That just shows his generosity and his trust. I know he was well loved in the whole community because, during fair time, he was a big, big supporter and sponsor of the fair. But I don’t know if he got to go to it very often be-cause he was always helping people with lock-outs and dead batteries or was making a tow run nearby or what-ever. He was just helping keep that town together. For many of us who are in and around Shasta County there, I know he will be greatly missed. His wife, Elea-nor, is a gem as well. My heart goes out to her and to the whole family there because there is really a lot hap-pening around Highway Garage in McArthur. Again, at fair time, you would see a lot of destruction derby cars lined up at that place. His son, David, was al-ways working on those, as were other family members. I think that is the place if you need a destruction derby car. Go see them, and they might be able to give you the best technology on that as well. In his service, he was nationally rec-ognized as one of the best serving deal-ers in that dealership they had, up until 2009, when he moved on to service only and was no longer selling cars. b1030 You could see it on the awards in the shop building. This big wooden building there just takes you right back to Americana from 80 years ago. I think the dealership was established in 1924. His family took over in 1949. With the passing of his father in 1959, Lawrence took over as the youngest dealer, again, in the West of a Chevrolet deal-ership. He was a volunteer with the McArthur Fire Department. He was a longtime leader of the Cloverleaf 4–H for over two decades. He was a member of the Fort Crook Masonic Lodge, cit-izen of the year at least twice, blue rib-bon winner, and a longtime supporter of the Inter-Mountain Fair in many ca-pacities. Of course, he leaves behind a legacy of what small-town America really is about. The impact he had on his community was felt not only there, but far, far away. For those people that were helped by him in the middle of the night—there maybe would be a rock in the road or something like that and if somebody would run over that, he would go out and bail them out. In-deed, one of the times when I was up for the fair and leaving town, there he was, coming up the grade in his big, yellow tow truck. That is Lawrence right there. A rewarding part of this job is get-ting to know people like him, and you hate it when you have to lose people like that, that are pillars in the com-munity. Doggone it, he leaves a great legacy, and I am proud to have known him. God bless his family. f 
NO CHILD LEFT BEHIND ANNIVER-SARY AND EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ ) for 5 minutes. Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, Friday marks the 14th anniversary of the enactment of the No Child Left Behind legislation which, when we passed it, held so many dreams and so many aspirations for all of us because we believed that our chil-dren would get a world-class education out of that. Unfortunately, No Child Left Behind, with all its potential, fell short. So I think it is important that we all understand and we all believe in this Chamber that through education, we lift this Nation. It is probably the greatest investment that we can make in the American people. That is why, as lawmakers, we have to really work on the best policies for education, starting at the national level, because we now compete internationally, and, of course, at the State and at our local levels right at our school boards. I have been to every single school in my district in Orange County. I have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.005 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H109 January 7, 2016 
met with teachers, with parents, with administrators, and with business lead-ers. They all had concerns with No Child Left Behind. That is why I think the recent passage of the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act, or ESSA, a land-mark piece of bipartisan legislation, hopefully will fix the outdated policies of that No Child Left Behind legisla-tion. The new legislation, the new law we just passed, takes into consideration the collective criticisms of the teach-ers, the students, parents, administra-tors, business leaders, and everyone who is involved in the education of our children. The ESSA has the support of many civil rights groups, teaching groups, and community institutions. I would like to highlight a few of the improvements our parents and stu-dents can look forward to with this new law. During the No Child Left Behind era, schools were not held accountable for ensuring that the most disadvantaged students actually were aided and helped to get an education. The Every Student Succeeds Act changes this. It benefits low-income students, minority students, English language learners by requiring the schools to include stu-dent data about these groups so that we can make better policy for the ac-countability of how these students learn. States are also required to create exit and entrance exams for English language learners, ensuring that they will actually receive attention in these classrooms and will learn. Now, Mr. Speaker, I know that we all think that there are way too many tests in life every single day, and of course it is not the favorite part of the school day to take a test. The high- stakes testing that was under No Child Left Behind has created a lot of anx-iety campuswide. Teachers felt the need to teach to the test, rather than actually teach the student that critical learning that must take place in the classroom at an early age. My mom was a teacher. She finally got out because she got tired of teach-ing to the test, test, test, test. She had seven kids, and they all have master’s and Ph.D.s. She was a parent teacher before she went to teach in the class-room, and she knew that students learn in different ways, that not everybody learned the same way. She would work with students. Some students learn verbally, some by test- taking, others by acting out plays that get across the idea. There was no time in the classroom after No Child Left Behind. It was just one way: the test, the test, the test. I am proud to say that high-stakes testing under the new law will no longer disadvantage our schools who don’t pass those tests. There are going to be other ways, including tests, to de-cide whether schools, teachers, and educators are doing well by our chil-dren in the classroom. Testing students will not be the end-all of what is hap-pening in the classrooms. Schools also have the flexibility to pilot innovative testing measures, al-lowing more time for learning in the classroom. I am excited about this new law, Mr. Speaker, and I hope that we continue to look at it and make sure that every child has a chance in this education system. 
f 
REPEAL OBAMACARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, an inter-esting thing happened when President Obama was elected in 2008: We basi-cally had a national consensus about some elements of health care. What I mean by that is, most people recog-nized two things about our healthcare system that were flawed. First, they recognized that it was too expensive; and, second, they recognized that peo-ple with a preexisting condition should be included and not be excluded from an insurance pool. There was a great deal of consensus around that, and that is where the opportunity was for the Obama team to bring the country to-gether around those two core things. Instead, they did something dif-ferent. Instead, they went out on a highly partisan path, and that was to create ObamaCare. We were told that the bill had to be passed in order to un-derstand what was in it, and so forth and so on. We are familiar with the false premises and the false claims and the false narratives about it. Do you remember this? We were told that if you liked your doctor, you got to keep your doctor. If you liked your insurance coverage, you got to keep your insurance coverage. Your insur-ance policies, the premiums per family were going to drop by over $2,000 a year. None of that turned out to be true. None of it. People lost their cov-erage. People lost their physicians. Their premiums have gone up. So now what has happened, there has been this effort, and the effort over the past several years has been met by some mockery from some who have said: Hey, your efforts to repeal ObamaCare, how many times are you going to do it? Do you know how many times we are going to do it? We are going to do it until it gets done. Now it is closer than ever. I have three constituents that I want to briefly mention to you. One is a fel-low that I connected with on the phone last night. His name is Jay. Jay told me that, notwithstanding the false promises of ObamaCare, his insurance premiums for him and his daughter have skyrocketed to the point where the amount of anxiety that he was communicating to me on the phone was palpable. This is not somebody who is just upset about the direction that the country has gone under this false claim of ObamaCare. He is fearful of it, and he is anxious for his future and the future of his daughter. How about Diane? My other con-stituent is a 9-year breast cancer sur-vivor who was told, if you like your doctor, you get to keep your doctor, until all of a sudden, her insurance pol-icy, after ObamaCare, kicks her physi-cian out of the group, and she doesn’t have access to the doctor that had cared for her and kept her cancer-free for 9 years. How about the small-business owner who I met with on Monday in Kane County, Illinois, who said: Congress-man, we would really like to expand our business; we want to open up a new location. It was a restaurant. If we do it—and we have done the math—it is going to cost us $150,000 a year in ObamaCare payments, and we can’t af-ford to expand. Here is what we have got to do: We have got to repeal this thing, and we have got to replace it and get back to those two core themes that say, let’s deal with the underlying cost drivers in health care that make it more expen-sive than people can afford—and we can do that—and let’s deal with the pre-existing condition question. We can do that through high-risk pools and other things that don’t cost the trillions of ObamaCare. Now, there is an interesting thing that has been happening, and that is this: The story of ObamaCare is shift-ing. You ask, well, how is it shifting? It is shifting in this way: It is shifting be-cause we have been told that there is no way to undo this. There is no way. It is basically orthodoxy in our coun-try. It is an entitlement, which it is, and it is so deeply embedded that it is all a fait accompli. In other words, there is no way to undo this. For a long time, that appeared to be—although it wasn’t true, it ap-peared to be true because the Senate blocked its passage. Now, as we know, the other body has actually preceded us in this and, through the reconcili-ation activity, we are now able to avoid the 60-vote threshold. A simple majority of United States Senators can join with a majority of the United States House of Representatives, which I would argue is reflecting a majority of the American public, to say: Get this thing off our backs. Let us flourish. Yeah, we can deal with these things. Yes, health care needs improving, but this thing on our backs is simply smothering us. So here is the opportunity. This will be on President Obama’s desk. Will he veto it? Absolutely. It is the first time it has ever gotten on his desk before. What it says is this: that there is only one office between us and the repeal of ObamaCare. One office is between us and the repeal of ObamaCare, and that office changes next November. So in 11 months, there is every opportunity for us to see its repeal and, ultimately, its replacement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.007 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH110 January 7, 2016 
REDONDO UNION HIGH SCHOOL PROTEST The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. H
AHN) for 5 minutes. Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, this upcom-ing Monday, the Westboro Baptist Church plans to hold protests outside of Redondo Union High School in Re-dondo Beach, California. We have seen these protests before, often at the fu-nerals of our fallen servicemen and -women. They are known, unfortu-nately, for their hateful message, espe-cially against LGBT Americans. The members of this church believe that America’s generation of high schoolers is ‘‘utterly without hope.’’ They say that because these young stu-dents are promoting acceptance and in-clusion of all people, regardless of whether they are gay or straight. I couldn’t disagree more with their premise of calling these students ‘‘without hope.’’ I think because these students are promoting acceptance and inclusion of all people, regardless of whether they are gay or straight, they are building a future full of hope. I have the utmost faith in the next gen-eration as the future leaders of this Na-tion. Of course, no matter how much I dis-agree with this group, these individuals should be allowed to exercise their right to protest, and they do have a right to free speech in this country. The students have those same rights, and an inspiring group of Redondo High students are organizing a peaceful counterprotest on Monday. Yesterday, I wrote a letter to the members of the school’s Gay-Straight Alliance and told them that I wished I could be there on Monday to protest alongside of them. These students de-serve to live in a world where they can be who they are and love whom they choose. In standing up against hate and living a life of acceptance, inclusion, and understanding, they are making that world a reality. I know my colleague here, T
EDLIEU, who represents Redondo Beach, joins me in saying that we are so proud of these students. We are proud of their courage, their bravery, their intel-ligence, and skill in standing up for what they know is right, just, and for being brave enough to organize a counterprotest. b1045 I am going to be in Washington, D.C., on Monday. But if I were not here, I would want to be standing alongside each and every student to show my sol-idarity with them. Instead, let me tell them that I will be there in spirit. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO MIAMI- DADE COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOLS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to congratulate Miami-Dade County Public Schools, where the grad-uation rate recently reached an all- time high of 78.1 percent for the 2014– 2015 academic year, surpassing the State average of 77.8 percent. This is a 1.5 percent growth from last year’s rate, marking the highest grad-uation rate MDCPS has achieved since the Florida Department of Education began implementing new standards to track graduation figures in the late 1990s. This is a landmark accomplish-ment, considering the major challenges Miami schools face, including high pov-erty rates and a large population of English language learners. As a former member of the Miami- Dade County School Board, I salute the students, teachers, faculty, and parents for their dedication and for their com-mitment to excellence. I also want to recognize School Board Chair Perla Tabares-Hantman, my other former colleagues, and Superintendent Alberto Carvalho for their exceptional leader-ship. I think of them frequently, and I am constantly reminded of how fortu-nate our community is to have them. To the entire MDCPS family, con-gratulations. You are a model for the Nation. I am proud to represent you. BULLETPROOF VEST PARTNERSHIP GRANT ACT  
OF 2015  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, on October 24, 2015, Monroe County Sheriff’s Deputy Josh Gordon found himself in a firefight with a robbery suspect on Stock Island in the Florida Keys. Amidst the exchange of gunfire, Deputy Gordon’s bulletproof vest stopped a round of ammunition, ulti-mately saving his life. If a bullet would have strayed a few inches one way or another, the outcome could have been entirely different. Every day, men and women in law enforcement put their lives on the line to ensure our safety. Incidents such as this shed light on the significance of ef-fective body armor for those who pro-tect us. Officers like Deputy Gordon are never off duty, and we must, in turn, do everything in our power to protect them. To address this, I stand in strong sup-port of H.R. 228, the Bulletproof Vest Grant Act of 2015, which extends the grant program for armored vests through fiscal year 2018. I strongly en-courage Congress to pass this essential legislation and protect the backbone of our Nation’s domestic defense. 
MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT PASSENGER  
RECORDS  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Miami International Airport and their record- breaking year in 2015. Forty-four mil-lion passengers passed through this world-renowned airport last year, shat-tering the previous annual record of 40.9 million passengers in 2014. MIA has some of the most dedicated employees in the country who ensure passengers have a pleasant experience on their journey, whether visiting rel-atives, conducting business, or visiting the abundance of attractions south Florida has to offer. Tens of thousands of passengers pass through MIA on a daily basis, and I am proud to recog-nize an airport that connects so many people throughout the world. I offer my continued support to my friend, MIA Director Emilio Gonzalez, as his team works in the new year to attract more domestic and inter-national routes, and I know cafecitos will continue to be available at each terminal so all visiting guests can enjoy the wonderful culture of south Florida. f 
VIOLENCE AGAINST SIKHS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support and stand with the Sikh community in the San Joaquin Valley. In the past 2 weeks, two Sikh men have been brutally attacked and, very sadly, one of them was killed. He lost his life. The Fresno City Police Depart-ment has labeled these two crimes as potential hate crimes. Amrik Singh Bal was attacked in the middle of the street while waiting for a ride so he could go to work, as any av-erage American would do throughout our country. Gurcharan Singh Gill was killed while working at a local conven-ience store. Both tragic incidents took place in my district. My thoughts and prayers are with Amrik and his family, and my deepest sympathy and condo-lences go to the Gurcharan family for the loss. The attacks on these innocent Amer-ican citizens are really an attack on all American citizens who choose to prac-tice their religion and observe their cultural heritage, as Americans do throughout our land. Sadly, since September 11, 2001, the Sikh community has endured discrimi-nation because of a lack of under-standing of Sikhism, which is based on equality and love. They are not alone. As a nation of immigrants, we must remember, we have an opportunity to learn and benefit from the thousands of different cultures that are part of the mosaic of what makes America great. After all, we are a nation of immi-grants, both past and present, and we must never ever forget that. Today, in Fresno, in spirit, we are all part of the Sikh community as we mourn these tragic incidents. Every American citizen, regardless of race, creed, or gender has the right to live free of fear and discrimination. I commend Chief Dyer and the Fres-no City Police Department for working diligently to find the individual or in-dividuals who killed Gurcharan and for continuing to look for the other indi-viduals who are responsible for the at-tack on Amrik. I continue to urge the FBI and the U.S. Attorney General’s office to work, as they have been, in making this in-vestigation inquiry resolve itself, solv-ing these very sad crimes that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.008 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H111 January 7, 2016 
think were based on hate and is truly an unfair and discriminatory situation that occurred in the last 2 weeks. 
f 
CENSURING PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, time and time again, the President has vio-lated the boundaries of executive power. He has refused to enforce our immigration laws. He has opened the borders to Syrian migrants against the will of the American people. He has even changed the provisions of his own disastrous healthcare bill. This week, the administration once again thumbed its nose at Congress and the American people by jeopardizing the gun rights of law-abiding citizens. Mr. Speaker, the American people are fed up. The American people con-tinue to see the executive branch not only deciding which laws they choose to enforce, but changing and inter-preting the laws as they see fit. The White House has become judge, jury, and executioner, in clear violation of the principles on which this Nation was founded. Today I am introducing a resolution to censure President Barack Obama to serve as a clear rebuke and condemna-tion of the unconstitutional actions of this President. This is a bold measure, but is one that is necessary to preserve the very institution that we are all honored to serve: the United States Congress. The Constitution requires that the President shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed. This President has failed to do so on numerous occa-sions. The Constitution also requires the President to preserve, protect, and de-fend the Constitution of the United States. The President has failed to do so. Not only is the President trying to do our job, but he has failed to do his. His announced actions on gun control are just the latest example of blatant executive overreach by the President. Congress must fight back. I want to make it very clear. This is not about President Obama. This is about the ac-tions of a President who has en-croached too far on the powers of Con-gress. Under the Constitution, Congress is an equal branch of government and should be treated as such. We cannot roll over on every executive overreach. We cannot wait to fight next time. We cannot wait for the next Presi-dent because it is not about this Presi-dent or the next President. It is not about politics. It is about preserving the power of the legislative branch against this President and any future President who seeks to use egregious executive action at the expense of Con-gress. A resolution of censure of the Presi-dent has been used rarely, but is not without precedent. It is a way for Con-gress to fight back against executive overreach. Censuring the President will preserve for the historical and legal record that this Congress at this time disapproves of this President’s execu-tive overreach. It is time Congress fights back as an institution. I urge my colleagues to live up to their oath of office, both Republican and Democrat, to support this resolu-tion to censure the President and put the executive branch on notice that violating the separation of powers and using unconstitutional executive over-reach will not be tolerated by Members of the United States Congress now or in the future. 
f 
WHITE RIVER NATIONAL FOREST OIL AND GAS LEASES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address an ongoing environ-mental review process within my dis-trict that I firmly believe represents yet another in a long line of abuses of private property rights by the Federal Government and, more specifically, the land management agencies that over-see the majority of the land in the United States. The outcome of this process will like-ly set a disturbing precedent under which the integrity of contracts that the Federal Government enters into with private parties is undermined. The Bureau of Land Management is currently reviewing 65 existing oil and gas leases issued in White River Na-tional Forest beginning in 1993. This retroactive review was prompted by a 2007 decision on three of the leases by the Interior Board of Land Appeals in which the BLM was found to have not formally adopted a Forest Service en-vironmental policy analysis that was utilized to make these leasing deci-sions—basically, what amounts to an administrative oversight. It should be emphasized that there are extensive environmental reviews that did, in fact, take place and that the BLM played a significant role in that process. The agency argued as much to the Board of Land Appeals during the review. The fault was simply that the BLM needed to sign on the dotted line, and the Board expressly made this option available to remedy the problem. How-ever, instead of adopting that common-sense approach, the BLM succumbed to political pressure from the environ-mental extremists and determined to revisit every one of the leases issued since 1993. The new proposal from the BLM deals with leases in one of two ways. It either imposes new, significantly re-strictive stipulations that were not in place at the time of the original leases when they were acquired or it outright revokes the leases. The Federal Government is acting as nothing more than a highway robber in this case and in many others, robbing citizens and businesses of property that they have bought and paid for, telling us that we should simply be grateful that there is someone looking out for our greater interests. I highlight this particular process be-cause, should the BLM follow through with certain of its proposed actions, it will set a precedent not only for oil and gas development, but for any lessee or permittee who, in entering into a con-tract in good faith with a Federal agen-cy, may see their lease or permit threatened with retroactive revocation or severely restricted based on any flimsy pretext. Many important industries rely on Federal leases and permits, including livestock grazing, recreation, and re-newable energy; and no business can successfully operate if its license to do so no longer enjoys protections against arbitrary cancelations or changes, de-pending on the ideology of the current occupant of the White House. Numerous stakeholders and local governments recognize that the BLM’s final decision would have impacts far beyond those of the specific leases in question and undertook efforts to draft detailed and substantive feedback to the agency. b1100 This is a very laborious and time- consuming process. Yet the BLM pro-vided only the bare minimum public comment during this period required by law, and the agency’s scheduled comment period overlapped with Thanksgiving, Christmas, and the New Year’s Day holidays. It also overlaps another environ-mental review comment period for the well-known Roan Plateau, which in-volves many of the same stakeholders and local governments and has been under review in some form since the late 1990s. As such, several stakeholders and local governments, with the support of several members of Colorado’s congres-sional delegation, requested a modest extension of the comment period. These extension requests are routinely granted by Federal agencies in recogni-tion of the technical nature of these issues: interruptions due to Federal holidays and when there are several similar issues under simultaneous re-view. Despite this, the requests in this in-stance were dismissed out of hand. One can only conclude that the BLM is afraid of the scrutiny that could result from them effectuating a government taking of property rights under the guise of rectifying an administrative error from over 20 years ago. It is abundantly clear that the BLM intends to ramrod through a decision that will trample on lease owners’ rights by canceling or altering leases to the point as to make them economi-cally unviable. This is, unfortunately, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.009 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH112 January 7, 2016 
in line with a disturbing trend of Fed-eral agency abuses of private property rights, whether it is the Forest Serv-ice’s repeated attempts to leverage spe-cial use permits to forcibly acquire pri-vate water rights, or the EPA’s deter-mination to classify every ditch and puddle as a ‘‘water of the United States’’ to further insert itself into the everyday lives of ordinary, hard-working Americans. Property rights and the integrity of contracts are at the very foundation of our economic system, yet too often Federal agencies casually cast these important considerations aside. If the BLM is confident that it is making the right decision and is will-ing to defend it, then they should have no problem providing additional time for the public and other interested stakeholders to be able to comment on the proposed actions in the White River National Forest. 
f 
DO NOT LIFT SANCTIONS ON IRAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call on this adminis-tration to keep intact all existing sanc-tions on the world’s leading state spon-sor of terrorism, Iran. Sanctions must remain, and closer scrutiny and more accountability by this administration on Iran’s continuing illicit activity must occur. It is imperative for peace, security, and stability in the Middle East and across the globe that we do this. Iran’s conduct over the past few months and the lack of clear and exact leadership by this administration in re-sponse is cause for serious alarm. Iran has not changed its tone and conduct since the signing of the deal. In fact, they have doubled down on their un-willingness not to comply with inter-national agreements, and they have created more danger and instability in the process. Here is the central point why I am speaking on the House floor here today: Once we lift sanctions, we have even less leverage. So let’s look at how Iran has honored their commitments in the past few months and ask ourselves: Do we an-ticipate Iran will conduct itself in the months and years to come better or worse? On October 10, Iran carried out a pre-cision-guided ballistic missile test. This violates U.N. Security Council Resolution 1929 and 2231. Now that Iran is prohibited from such testing under the deal, what do they do? They send weapons to Bashar al-Assad on Russian cargo planes. This violates U.N. Reso-lution 1747. They did that in October. On November 21, they carried out a medium-range ballistic missile test with capabilities to carry a nuclear warhead. They can’t do that either. Last month, they fired several unguided rockets 1,500 yards from two U.S. vessels. Just a few days ago, they unveiled a new underground missile depot show-ing precision-guided missiles that have the capability to hold a nuclear war-head. What has been the response of this administration? They notify us they will respond with sanctions against Iranian individuals and businesses linked to Iran’s ballistic missile pro-gram. What happened since they notified us of that? Nothing. They have walked it back. Here is my fear, Mr. Speaker. We are forecasting to Iran that they have carte blanche to do as they wish. And once we lift the sanctions, we can ex-pect more of that. Iran is not honoring its commitments, so nor should we. We know the State Department clas-sifies the deal not as a treaty, not as an executive agreement. It is not even a signed document. It is merely a polit-ical commitment. And it is clear Iran is not acting in good faith to our polit-ical commitment. I signed correspondence to the ad-ministration requesting that the Presi-dent ‘‘immediately void the deal and restore and/or continue all relevant sanctions on Iran that have been or will be relaxed under the JCPOA.’’ Let’s not concern ourselves if Iran voices outrage or condemnation that we voided a political commitment on the basis that they feel they have somehow honored the deal because, number one, they violated U.N. resolu-tions since the deal was signed, the Ira-nian Parliament refuses to ratify the deal, and the Ayatollah forbids further negotiations with the U.S. The bottom line, Mr. Speaker, is that Iran’s U.N. violations clearly violate the spirit of our political commitment to them. Their conduct threatens our national security, it threatens the se-curity of our allies, and it further erodes an already precarious and un-stable environment in the Middle East. Iran isn’t honoring its commitments, so nor should we. Let’s keep the sanc-tions in place. Do not lift them. 
f 
OBAMA’S EXECUTIVE ACTION ON GUNS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, I want to start my time by quoting di-rectly the Second Amendment of our Constitution: ‘‘A well regulated mili-tia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be in-fringed.’’ Aren’t those beautiful and resound-ing words? As a man who likes to keep it simple, I appreciate the Founding Fathers not only for their foresight to protect the right to bear arms, but also how plain and simple they made it. The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed upon. Unfortunately, I think our Founding Fathers spoke too plainly for certain people and certain Presidents to under-stand. That President may always re-mind us that he taught constitutional law. Sadly, I have yet to encounter someone in that position who dis-regards the Constitution so regularly. Not only does that President trample on the Second Amendment, but he would also trample on Article I, which, as you know, is the Congress and going through them to make laws. That President should have known that reg-ulations regarding buying guns must come from legislation, not by an oral decree. That President tried to legislate in the Senate several times, but his col-leagues refused to do it, even though there was a majority. Now that my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle are not in the majority in Congress, I am assuming that this administration is deciding to create their own regula-tions—the Constitution be damned—be-cause, sadly, there are no checks and balances anymore. We know even if Congress passes a bill to repeal any type of order that any President makes, it would still have to go to that individual for the bill to be signed. So what are the chances of putting together a bill that some Congress may have seen as an in-appropriate action and then send it to the person that created that inappro-priate action and expect him to sign it? I think, Mr. Speaker, one of the things that has so disappointed the American people is the inability to have their Representatives voice their complaints and do their legislative re-sponsibility with an out-of-control gov-ernment. So each week, as the adminis-tration or a group is intent on dis-regarding the Constitution, people be-come numb. The American people be-come numb to these illegal actions. I think it is time that we brought at-tention to some of these illegal actions that some Presidents in the past and some Presidents in the future may cre-ate. I think it is time that we bring these actions to the attention of the American people and let them know what our Founding Fathers had the in-tention to do originally, what they in-tended the Constitution to mean, and how it was interpreted by those very first legislators: President Washington, the Supreme Court, and others. They took this document as a simple document. It was very plainly written and read. But, unfortunately, we have had Supreme Courts, Presidents, and legislative bodies that have tried to take these simple, basic words and turn them into something that they could use for their benefit, to try to change the way that this world works and how the laws they make are applied to our citizens. So, Mr. Speaker, we are going to try to do as much as we can in the near fu-ture to try to bring this to the atten-tion of the American people and the world, because I think our Constitution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.011 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H113 January 7, 2016 
has been a great cornerstone for this world and for any country that wants to have a republic, a democracy, and a people-driven form of government and to really feel that coat of liberty wrapped around them. I think our Con-stitution is that. So I think it is time for us not only to make the citizens aware, but to make this whole world aware of what has been going on and what we are going to do to stop it. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 11 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, we give You thanks for giving us another day. As the energy and tensions of the second session gather, may there be peace among the Members of the peo-ple’s House. Grant that all might be confident in the mission they have been given and buoyed by the spirit of our ancestors who built our Republic through many trials and contentious debates. May all strive with noble sin-cerity for the betterment of our Na-tion. Many centuries ago, You blessed Abraham for his welcome to strangers by the oaks of Mamre. Bless this Chamber this day with the same spirit of hospitality so that all Americans might know that, in the people’s House, all voices are respected, even those with whom there is disagree-ment. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. CARTER of Georgia led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
SPYING ON CONGRESS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last week The Wall Street Journal reported that the National Se-curity Agency, the NSA, is actively spying on Israeli Prime Minister Ben-jamin Netanyahu, one of our Nation’s closest allies. This revelation comes just 2 years after the President’s an-nouncement that the United States would cease spying on our allies. The Journal wrote: ‘‘Officials said Obama insisted that keeping tabs on Netanyahu served a ‘compelling na-tional security purpose.’’’ Specifically, the President sought to learn about President Netanyahu’s op-position to the dangerous Iranian nu-clear deal. In so doing, the NSA also intercepted personal, direct commu-nication between Members of Congress, the Prime Minister, and his staff. An editorial by The Post and Cou-rier—republished in The Hill this week—raised important questions about the legality of the NSA’s sharing private conversations with the White House and not discarding or getting ju-dicial permission. Regrettably, this is another example of the President’s dis-regard for our Constitution by spying on Congress, corrupting the NSA. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our sympathy to the family of Staff Sergeant Matthew McClintock, an American hero. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). Members are reminded not to engage in personalities toward the President. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DOUGLAS WILSON WALKER (Ms. D
ELBENE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of my friend, Doug Walker, who passed away on De-cember 31 on Granite Mountain, near Snoqualmie Pass. It is this wild, rugged landscape that lured Doug to Washington State and that stoked his creativity, energy, and passions for more than four decades. A gifted mathematician with an insa-tiable fondness for climbing, he estab-lished strong roots in the community. The impact he, along with his wife, Maggie, had on our community and on the many charitable causes to which he gave his time and wisdom is unparal-leled. A true champion for conservation, he cared deeply about protecting the North Cascades’ most treasured lands, but his greatest passion was in broad-ening the constituency for conserva-tion. He worked tirelessly to ensure that all people, especially youth and those in underserved communities, could access the outdoors. For his incredible spirit and gen-erosity, Doug will be remembered and missed by so many whose lives he touched. His legacy of inspiring others to experience and protect the outdoors lives on. f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S EXECUTIVE ACTION ON GUN CONTROL (Mr. WEBER of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak out against the proposed executive assault—I mean action—on our Second Amendment rights. The President has yet again overstepped, has fired off another round, and has taken dead aim at the Second Amend-ment. It is time Congress takes dead aim at his lawlessness. We have three branches of govern-ment for a reason, and one branch can-not continue to unilaterally act. It is tyrannical, and it erodes the founda-tion of this great Nation: our Constitu-tion. Mr. Speaker, it is very curious to me that the President, who doesn’t want his background checked into—his birth certificate, his school records, or his college grades—wants an anti-Second Amendment intrusion into actual Americans’ backgrounds. When is this administration going to realize that denying Americans their constitutional right to carry won’t pre-vent bad people from doing bad things? It simply ensures criminals a safe path to crime. That is how I see it. Lord help us last over these next 12 months. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Once again, Members are reminded not to engage in personalities toward the President. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY TO IM-PORT HIGHLY ENRICHED LIQUID NUCLEAR WASTE (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, in 2014, the Department of Energy announced plans to import highly enriched liquid nuclear waste into the country via the busiest northern border crossing and through a major metropolitan area. This route was approved 20 years ago, pursuant to a pre-9/11 analysis, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.012 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH114 January 7, 2016 
a less dangerous type of nuclear waste. Yet, the Department has refused to un-dertake a contemporary environmental review or threat assessment. In response, this House passed legis-lation by a vote of 416–0, requiring a threat assessment of a potential terror attack on such cargo. Yet, the Depart-ment of Energy announced that it in-tends to ignore the clear will of this House and authorize 150 truck ship-ments this year without conducting the threat assessment this House de-manded. Mr. Speaker, this route was a bad idea when it was first approved 20 years ago. Disregarding the terror threat, which has increased since then, is dan-gerously negligent, and we will not stand by while our communities are at risk. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BEIGER ELE-MENTARY STUDENTS ON WIN-NING 2015 INDIANA FIRST LEGO LEAGUE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the team from Beiger Ele-mentary School in Mishawaka, Indi-ana, for winning the 2015 FIRST LEGO League State Championship. The Beiger Bots is a team of students who was judged in three areas: a theme-based project, a robot competi-tion, and an evaluation of core values, like teamwork. The project portion challenged the group to reduce, reuse, or recycle gar-bage. These students visited a local landfill and discovered that Styrofoam cutouts cannot be recycled. They brainstormed new uses for them, ulti-mately deciding to repurpose them as a folding breakfast tray. After conquering Indiana, the Beiger Bots will now emerge in April at the world competition in St. Louis, the FIRST LEGO League World Festival. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the Beiger Bots on their big win, and I wish them all the luck in St. Louis. I also want to thank the parents, the coaches, the teachers, the principals, and all of the community that sup-ported them for this big win. Mr. Speaker, I include for the R
ECORD the names of these students and coaches. 
NAMES OF STUDENTS ON BEIGER BOTS  Jonas Knorr Ana DeVries Lilly Wilson Illiana Vanlue Jacob Stanton David Sharp Elizabeth Newland-Ball Ben Pamachena Max Ford Briella Buchmann 
NAMES OF COACHES OF BEIGER BOTS  Robert Pamachena JoAnn Pamachena Sarah Knorr Maria DeVries IN HONOR OF GARY LOCKE (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Gary Locke, a man who has brought pride and joy to my commu-nity for more than three decades as the director of the Riverside Community College’s marching band. When Gary was hired to direct the program in 1984, the school had no drums, no uniforms, and just 16 kids who showed up to camp that first sum-mer. Thirty-two years later, the Marching Tigers are a world-renowned marching band that has represented Riverside proudly in blockbuster movies, in tele-vision shows, and at prestigious venues around the world. Last week Gary and his wife, Sheila, led the band for the final time when they performed ‘‘Bon Voyage’’ at the New Year’s Day parade in Paris. Congratulations, Gary, on your re-tirement. Thank you for inspiring your students and for invigorating our com-munity throughout your incredible ca-reer. 
f 
TITUS MOUNTAIN (Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, last year my district was the home of a manhunt that captured the attention of the entire Nation. For almost a month, local, State, and Federal law enforcement agents and corrections officers made Franklin County, New York, their home as they searched for two killers who had es-caped from the Clinton Correctional Facility. Titus Mountain is a family ski area in the Adirondacks that became a part of law enforcement history as the main staging area for this intensive man-hunt. I visited this past August and saw firsthand the facilities that were provided to these law enforcement agents by the Monette family. This weekend, Titus Mountain is hosting a special event for the brave men and women who were involved in the search for these killers. It is to say thank you for their help in protecting our community. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank these law enforcement agents and correc-tions officers who risked their safety to protect the families in our community and to thank Titus Mountain for hosting this event. 
f 
SOUTH SOUND BEHAVIORAL HEALTH COALITION (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight some progress being made to improve health care. Right now, in my district in Pierce County, Washington, we have a star-tling shortage of beds for folks who are suffering from mental illness. It is a problem. It has led to overcrowded jails, it has led to people who are in se-vere mental crisis ending up in emer-gency rooms, it has led to people not getting the treatment that they need, and it has led to there being desperate families. Folks in our region have decided to do something about it. Together with the two largest healthcare providers, our community has formed the South Sound Behavioral Health Coalition, which is comprised of healthcare ex-perts, social service providers, local elected officials, law enforcement, business, labor, and faith leaders. We have come together with a plan to build a new facility that includes 120 beds and that bolsters local behavioral health care. It is an extraordinary contrast to the action this week in this body in which the House voted to repeal the Afford-able Care Act for the 62nd time. Lead-ers shouldn’t be stripping away care. They should be coming together. They should take a page from my commu-nity, where folks are coming together and are moving forward together. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM WALLACE SPRAGUE, JR. (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to pay respect to William Wallace Sprague, Jr., who peacefully passed away last week at the age of 89. Mr. Sprague was born on November 11, 1926. He served 2 years in the United States Navy during World War II, and he graduated with a degree in mechan-ical engineering from MIT and Yale in 1950. From 1972 to 1994, he was chairman of the board and the CEO of Savannah Foods and Industries, which was the maker of Dixie Crystals sugar. Under his leadership, Savannah Foods grew from a small regional sugar refinery to a major national sugar company and a Fortune 500 member. In fact, from 1980 to 1990, Savannah Foods was number two in total returns to shareholders with a total return of 4,862 percent. Over the years, he also served as the director of several national and inter-national associations. In 1999, he was inducted into the Georgia Southern University’s Business Hall of Fame. He was very involved in the Savan-nah community, serving as director, trustee, or president for numerous community organizations, and he also worked to improve the lives of people in the community in which he lived. His passion for life, his sense of humor, and his enthusiasm for making Savannah, Georgia, a better place will truly be missed. My thoughts and pray-ers go out to his family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.015 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H115 January 7, 2016 
b1215 VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Souderton, Pennsyl-vania, December 15, 2014: Patricia Hill, 75 years old. Joanna Koder Hill, 57. Aaron Flick, 39. Patricia Flick, 36. Nicole Hill, 33. Nina Flick, 14 years old. Rice, Texas, September 20, 2013: Israel Alvarez, 33 years old. Misael Alvarez, 10. Cain Alvarez, 8. Israel Junior Alvarez, 4. Tulsa, Oklahoma, January 7, 2013: Julie Jackson, 55 years old. Misty Nunley, 33. Rebeika Powell, 23. Kayetie Melchor, 23 years old. Colorado Springs, Colorado, Novem-ber 27, 2015: Officer Garrett Swasey, 44 years old. Jennifer Markovsky, 35. Ke’Arre Stewart, 29. Cadiz, Kentucky, October 26, 2014: Lindsey Champion, 62 years old. Joy Champion, 60. Emily Champion, 32. Vito Riservato, 22. Palestine, Texas, November, 14, 2014: Carl Johnson, 77 years old. Thomas Camp, 46. Hannah Johnson, 40. Nathan Camp, 23. Austin Camp, 21. Kade Johnson, 6. 
f 
THERE IS NO BURGER KING PROVISION IN THE CONSTITUTION (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the administration blames the violence in America on gun dealers and Congress. So the administration is going to issue some more executive memos and uni-laterally ignore the Second Amend-ment. Never mind that the administration’s illegal action would not have prevented any of the tragic mass shootings in re-cent years. The administration should be prosecuting criminals who use guns, not vetoing the Second Amendment. The administration’s executive ac-tion on gun control is just the latest example of the White House attempt-ing to bypass the Constitution and the legislative branch to implement a po-litical agenda. The Constitution does not have a Burger King provision for the executive branch. The President cannot have it his way. Laws are written by Congress. The executive is to enforce the law, and the former constitutional professor should know better than to dictate new law, regardless of whether he thinks it is a good idea or not. The administration’s edict granting of executive amnesty has already been ruled unconstitutional by lower courts, but it seems that the administration won’t let the Constitution get in the way of political expediency. And that is just the way it is. f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION LEGISLATION (Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, this time last year, I attended the State of the Union Address with my guest, Richard Martinez, whose son Christopher was gunned down during a tragic Isla Vista shooting that rocked our local commu-nity on the Central Coast of California. Together, we committed that ‘‘not one more’’ life should be lost, ‘‘not one more’’ family affected, ‘‘not one more’’ community torn apart by gun violence. On Tuesday, Mr. Martinez stood with the President as he announced execu-tive actions to curb gun violence. These actions are an important step forward, but they are also a recogni-tion that Congress has shirked its re-sponsibility to take action to protect all Americans from this epidemic. If we are ever going to fulfill our pledge ‘‘not one more,’’ we must take bold action. I speak today to urge my colleagues to join us. It is far past time to act with urgency, put partisanship aside, do what is necessary to keep our neigh-borhoods safe. We may never be able to guarantee the elimination of gun vio-lence entirely, but we can guarantee that, if we do nothing, nothing will change. 
f 
STAFF SERGEANT CHESTER M
CBRIDE (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, lining the streets of downtown Statesboro, Geor-gia, last weekend, hundreds of people holding American flags gathered to pay respects to a fallen hero. Air Force Ser-geant Chester McBride was killed in an attack in Afghanistan that also claimed the lives of five more service-members last month. He was laid to rest on Saturday, Jan-uary 2. Chester was only 30 years old. He was a former starting cornerback for the 2001 Statesboro High School championship team. He excelled in sports in school, graduating from Sa-vannah State University in 2007. Chester had dreams of joining the FBI when he returned home. He was posthumously awarded four medals for his actions in service by the United States Air Force. Chester chose to serve his country, and we will always remember the sac-rifices he made in the name of freedom. A family has lost a son, and a commu-nity has lost a hometown hero. May God continue to bless our serv-icemen and -women and their families. Let us never forget what was said 2,000 years ago: that the greatest love one can offer is to offer their lives for an-other. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues from both sides to stand up for the 100,000 people who have been killed by gun violence over the past decade. It is time to stand up for the over 2,600 children who die from gun vio-lence and the over 6,400 women who are murdered by an intimate partner by a gun each year. I believe it is the responsibility of this body to take the steps in order to protect our citizens. We are not lim-iting a person’s right to bear arms by requiring everyone or an entity selling firearms to obtain a license and to do background checks. We are saving lives. We are not limiting a person’s right to bear arms by looking at safety technology, gun safes with fingerprint technology. We are saving lives. We are certainly not restricting a re-sponsible citizen from obtaining a fire-arm by investing in mental health care and by renewing domestic violence out-reach efforts, as both are causes of gun violence. It is time to respond to this now. The status quo is no longer acceptable. 
f 
MARCH FOR LIFE (Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we made history. For the first time, Congress put a bill on a President’s desk to defund Planned Parenthood, an organization that puts its financial interests ahead of women and children. More than that, Congress is investing in women’s health by redirecting this funding to organizations that don’t take innocent lives. In Michigan, there are 20 federally qualified health clinics for every single Planned Parenthood location. Let’s eliminate funding for Planned Parent-hood and invest those dollars in feder-ally qualified health centers and rural health clinics. This will ensure that women receive high quality medical care while protecting the life of the un-born. West Michigan and the Second Dis-trict of Michigan are home to pas-sionate and dedicated pro-life organiza-tions in Grand Rapids, Holland, and the Tri-Cities area, and Muskegon, Newaygo, and Mason Counties. Later this month, hundreds of thou-sands of Americans, including many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.017 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH116 January 7, 2016 
from west Michigan, will be marching in their hometowns, as well as in Wash-ington, D.C., as they honor the sanc-tity of life. I look forward to joining them. 
f 
BISHOP JAMES ARMSTRONG (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Bishop James Armstrong, a dedicated faith leader who served the west Dallas community for the past 30 years. Bishop Armstrong was born July 12, 1940, in Karnack, Texas. He eventually relocated to Dallas to pursue a career as a professional machinist. At some time after he moved to Dallas, he felt the call to serve. He pursued his doc-torate of divinity from the Christian Bible Institute and Seminary. In 1992, Mr. Armstrong found the Community Care Fellowship Church, where he served as the senior pastor for 25 years. During his three decades of service, Bishop Armstrong remained dedicated to creating a safe environ-ment for the community he ministered. From advocating for a neighborhood YMCA to helping the homeless, west Dallas will not forget Mr. Armstrong’s devotion to serving others. He is survived by his wife of over 50 years, Mable Armstrong; one son; three daughters; 12 grandchildren; and 11 great-grandchildren. I urge my colleagues to join me in re-membering and celebrating the life of Bishop James Armstrong’s legacy and generosity to the community. 
f 
DELAWARE VALLEY FRIENDS SCHOOL (Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Delaware Valley Friends School, its staff, students, and their parents on a very prestigious honor. On January 19, the Paoli-based school will be presented with the Apple Distinguished School Award by the technology company Apple. This award is presented to outstanding schools and programs worldwide for innovation, leadership, and educational excellence based on five best practices: visionary leadership, innovative learning in tech-nology, ongoing professional learning, compelling evidence of success, and a flexible learning environment. Schools honored to receive this award must achieve educational excel-lence in all categories. In fact, Dela-ware Valley Friends School is one of only two Chester County schools to be presented with this prestigious award. I regret I cannot attend this cere-mony, but I wish the school the very best here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives on this historic achievement. Best wishes to the Delaware Valley Friends School as they continue to pro-vide educational excellence to its stu-dents. f 
TONEY ARMSTRONG (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, in Mem-phis, Tennessee, today our director of police, Toney Armstrong, announced he would be leaving his position. Director Armstrong served the city of Memphis as a policeman since 1989. In 2011, he became the director of po-lice, the youngest director in the city’s history. He did a great job. I started my career as an attorney for the police department in Memphis and served 3
1⁄2years there and knew all the directors, and none were better than Toney Armstrong, becoming di-rector at 44 and having risen through the ranks. It is a tough job being a po-liceman, and it is a tough job being di-rector of an urban police department. He did a fine job. Toney Armstrong is moving over to St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital to be head of security there. St. Jude is a blessing to Memphis and a blessing to the world. They are going to employ 7,000 new people in the next 6 years and increase their opportunities to treat children by 20 percent. Toney Armstrong will be a great di-rector. It is a great team, Toney Arm-strong and St. Jude. Thank God for each. 
f 
EXECUTIVE ACTION ON SECOND AMENDMENT (Mr. ROUZER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the ad-ministration’s most recent action that runs afoul of our Second Amendment rights. The President’s executive orders could easily impact citizens’ privacy and due process, all at the whim of a bureaucrat. Rather than putting in place new hurdles for citizens who chose to exer-cise their Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms, the administra-tion’s focus should be on the laws al-ready on the books that they are not enforcing. The administration’s actions are un-constitutional and simply are another attempt to distract from the real issues at hand, particularly the onward march of terrorism and the desta-bilizing effect the deal with Iran is hav-ing in the Middle East. It would serve the country better to focus our full ef-fort on defeating radical Islamic ter-rorists. EXECUTIVE ACTIONS TO REDUCE GUN VIOLENCE AND MAKE OUR COMMUNITIES SAFER (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, nearly 5 years ago to the day, I rose to offer my support for one of my closest friends and our former col-league, Gabrielle Giffords. That day, many of us, from both sides of the aisle, mourned the six Americans whose lives were taken by a deranged gunman in Tucson, Arizona. Since then, it has become eerily com-monplace for a Member to lead a mo-ment of silence to honor their mur-dered constituents: a colleague of ours whose life changed forever, twenty 6- year-old children, a Federal judge, wor-shippers in church. How does Republican fervor over the right to own a gun trump the right not to be murdered by someone who shouldn’t have a gun? President Obama’s executive actions are a critical step to reducing this na-tional epidemic. They are well within his legal authority and will help keep guns out of dangerous hands. They are so critical because of Republican inac-tion on closing loopholes, which a ma-jority of Americans support, and their failure to rise above the NRA’s fearmongering. Democrats will continue to bring meaningful, commonsense solutions to this floor so we can keep our Nation safer. f 
b1230 CONGRATULATIONS TO JESSICA SLAVIK (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dep-uty Jessica Slavik from the Anoka County Sheriff’s Department who has recently been named the 2015 Deputy of the Year by the Minnesota Sheriffs’ As-sociation. Jessica has worked for the Anoka County Sheriff’s Office for 8 years, serving in the jail division, patrol divi-sion, court security unit, and currently as a deputy in the crime scene unit. From staff within her department to jurors, the county attorney’s office, and even a judge presiding over a case she worked on, there is no lack of praise for Deputy Slavik. Anoka County Sheriff James Stuart says: ‘‘Deputy Jessica Slavik exempli-fies what it means to go above and be-yond and embraces her role as an am-bassador in our communities.’’ We are proud to have a leader like Jessica in the Anoka community. Her work is invaluable to the safety of the people of Minnesota’s Sixth District, and for that we are sincerely grateful. Thank you, Deputy Slavik. Keep up the excellent work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.019 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H117 January 7, 2016 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CRISANTA ROMERO (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize and honor the life of 81-year-old Crisanta Romero of Thermal, Cali-fornia. She passed away on January 2, 2016, but she leaves behind an extraor-dinary legacy. Cris is an inspiration. She graduated from Coachella Valley High School and knew the importance of being dis-ciplined, never missing a single day of work at J. C. Penney for over 40 years. After retiring, she returned to work in the food industry for another 13 years. She still had the energy and passion to volunteer countless hours for over 30 years with nonprofit organizations like the Coachella church, library, Center for Employment Training, senior vol-unteer programs, senior centers, cham-bers of commerce, and the list goes on and on. She was a photojournalist for her own column, ‘‘The Adventures of Cris.’’ Mrs. Romero led the Boy Scouts of America’s Helping a Boy Grow for over 20 years. Cris was named Riverside County’s volunteer of the year in 2000, and in 2003 she was honored as the city of Coachella’s Citizen of the Year. Her attitude toward life was admi-rable, her sense of community was ex-ceptional, and her smile was irreplace-able. 
f 
RESTORING HEALTHCARE FREEDOM FOR AMERICANS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, after 5 years, the promises of ObamaCare that it would save families $2500 or so per year, let you keep your doctor, and let you keep your insurance plan have all been proven false. In my district, rates will be seen again going up an additional 30 percent likely this year. People can no longer see their family doctor. Many people have been forced from their health in-surance plans on to more expensive plans with less coverage and a higher deductible. Thanks to a budget procedure known as reconciliation, we have avoided a Senate filibuster and placed a bill roll-ing back ObamaCare on the President’s desk. This is a promise kept for restor-ing healthcare freedom for Americans. If the President vetoes this measure, congressional Democrats have a choice to make. Will they side with Ameri-cans who need real reforms to the healthcare system and override this veto or with a President concerned solely with his legacy and a status quo that is destroying access to care and driving up costs? I wonder. HOUSING ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT DETAINEES (Mrs. ROBY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong opposition to the possible housing of illegal immigrant detainees on Maxwell-Gunter Air Force Base in Montgomery, Alabama. An active military base like Max-well-Gunter is no place to house de-tained minors, and I wasted no time making it clear to the Obama adminis-tration that I am paying attention to this and that I am going to fight any attempt to bring detained minors on the base. I have written the Secretaries of De-fense, Homeland Security, and Health and Human Services to express my strong objection and to explain why this is such a bad idea. I have also been in touch with leaders on base in Mont-gomery to discuss the potential effect on their missions. Our personnel at Maxwell-Gunter are engaged in serious military activities: training, education, cyber warfare, many times in classified settings that are very sensitive. Their mission does not need to be distracted by being forced to house and secure hundreds of detained minors. The most compassionate action we can take is to return these children to their homes. Housing illegal immi-grants at an active military base like Maxwell-Gunter is a terrible idea, and I will continue to work every angle to shut it down, just like we did 1 year ago. f 
IRAN SANCTIONS ADVISER (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, since the nuclear deal was adopted, Iran has blatantly violated U.N. Secu-rity Council resolutions on its ballistic missile program; yet once again the ad-ministration backtracked and an-nounced a delay in applying U.S. sanc-tions, no doubt out of fear that the Ira-nians would back out of the nuclear deal. If the administration is unwilling to enforce existing law, then it is up to Congress to hold Iran accountable. We need a senior adviser for sanc-tions policy in our House leadership of-fice to help strengthen congressional oversight and coordination between the committees and ensure greater en-forcement of our sanctions. This ad-viser would not supplant the roles of the relevant committees, but will co-ordinate with the committees to en-sure maximum oversight and efficacy of our efforts in Congress to hold Iran accountable. I urge my colleagues to support the creation of a slot for a House coordi-nator on Iranian sanctions. THE PRESIDENT IS OVERSTEPPING HIS BOUNDARIES (Mr. ROE of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, Tuesday morning President Obama for-mally announced his plans to unilater-ally expand gun control laws. Unsurprisingly, the President has again overstepped the boundaries and powers of his office. While we all want fewer senseless acts of violence, the President is choos-ing to punish lawful gun owners and re-strict their Second Amendment rights instead of addressing the actual causes of mass murder, such as the need to improve our mental health system and the growing threat of terrorism. In addition to the constitutional questions about his actions and the mislaid blame toward lawful gun own-ers, these executive actions won’t even accomplish what the President claims is his reason for acting. Not a single mass shooting committed over the last few years would have been prevented by the gun control measures currently being discussed, a statement The Wash-ington Post’s Fact Checker gave a rare Geppetto checkmark, which is being described as ‘‘the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.’’ As a physician, I think if you want to try to prevent mass killings, you have to do more to intervene with individ-uals before they commit these heinous acts, which is why so many of us be-lieve reforming our mental healthcare system is critically important. As a proud American and concealed- carry permit holder, I am opposed to this executive overreach but will work tirelessly to accomplish reforms that reduce the chance of mass shootings ever occurring. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1927, FAIRNESS IN CLASS ACTION LITIGATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 581 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 581 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1927) to amend title 28, United States Code, to improve fair-ness in class action litigation. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and amendments specified in this resolution and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. After general de-bate the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.023 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH118 January 7, 2016 
the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judi-ciary now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114-38. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amend-ment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. Further proceedings on any ques-tion on a motion relating to the disposition of the veto message and the bill, H.R. 3762, may be postponed through the legislative day of January 25, 2016, as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
AS-
TINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on House Resolution 581 currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring forward this rule today on behalf of the Committee on Rules. It is a structured rule that provides 1 hour of general debate equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Committee on the Judiciary. Given the House’s schedule this month, the rule also provides that a vote on any motion relating to disposi-tion of the veto message for reconcili-ation measure passed yesterday by the House may be postponed through Janu-ary 25. Consistent with the vision of Speaker RYAN and Chairman S ESSIONS , I am pleased that the robust majority of amendments submitted to the Com-mittee on Rules were made in order. Of the 13 amendments submitted, 10 amendments will be considered on the House floor. Yesterday the House Committee on Rules received testimony from the chairman of the Committee on the Ju-diciary and the ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, in addition to receiving amendment testimony from several Members. Mr. F
ITZPATRICK from Pennsylvania brought forward an important amend-ment regarding FDA-approved medical devices. Although his amendment was not germane to this particular piece of legislation, he is a champion for his constituents, and I appreciate the tes-timony that he shared with the com-mittee. His constituent suffered un-imaginable pain, heartbreak, and ulti-mately her child because of Essure. It is my understanding that the FDA will release their Essure safety review next month. Once we assess the FDA’s find-ings and conclusion, I hope Congress will take any appropriate action need-ed to protect the health of women and their unborn babies. This rule provides for the consider-ation of H.R. 1927, the Fairness in Class Action Litigation and Furthering As-bestos Claim Transparency Act of 2015, introduced by the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, B
OB G
OODLATTE , and the chairman of the Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, T
RENT FRANKS . Subcommittee hearings were held on this legislation. It was also marked up and reported by the Committee on the Judiciary. Although this bill went through regular order and enjoyed live-ly and meaningful discussion at the subcommittee and full committee lev-els, some misperceptions remain. This legislation provides a targeted solution to a targeted problem. The core issue it presents is whether the in-jury suffered by named plaintiffs in a class action suit matches the injuries suffered by the class. Additionally, and this is the point to clarify, the civil rights class actions such as Brown v. Board of Education would not—and I repeat, would not—be impacted by H.R. 1927. Let me be clear. This legislation does not kill class action. Virtually every time this body or the courts attempt to reform class action lawsuits after clear abuses, opponents claim the reforms, whatever they may be, will mean the demise of class action. When Congress passed the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act in 1995 to limit frivolous securities law-suits, opponents claimed it would kill securities class action. It did not. In fact, President Clinton vetoed the leg-islation, Congress overrode the veto, and our legal system is the better for it. When Congress passed the Class Ac-tion Fairness Act, CAFA, in 2005, oppo-nents once again claimed that the pas-sage would mean the end of class ac-tions. CAFA had two targeted goals: reducing abusive forum shopping by plaintiffs and requiring greater Federal scrutiny procedures for the review of class action settlements in certain cir-cumstances. You may recall an infamous Alabama class action involving Bank of Boston, where the attorneys’ fees exceeded the relief to the class members, and the class members lost money paying at-torneys for the victory. It doesn’t sound like much of a victory. Yet at the time, the opponents of reform made virtually identical arguments against that legislation that they are making today against H.R. 1927. They are base-less and unsupported by history. b1245 Researchers at the Federal Judicial Center conducted a study on the im-pact of CAFA and concluded that post- enactment there was an increase in the number of class actions filed in or re-moved to the Federal courts based on diversity jurisdiction, consistent with congressional intent. The class action is alive and well and is an important part of our legal sys-tem, and it will remain that way. Claims to the contrary are overused and inaccurate. H.R. 1927 is a targeted solution that says a Federal court may not certify a proposed class unless the party seeking the class action demonstrates through admissible evidentiary proof that each proposed class member suffered an in-jury of the same type and the extent of the injury of the named class rep-resentative or representatives. This requirement already exists in rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Unfortunately, not all courts appropriately interpret and apply these standards. If my colleagues across the aisle disagree with rule 23 standards, then we can certainly de-bate the merits of that standard. But to claim that codifying an exist-ing standard to ensure consistent and appropriate application by the courts will kill the class action and discour-age victims from seeking redress is simply not supported by the facts. Class actions exist—and rightly so— to allow a group of individuals simi-larly harmed to seek monetary com-pensation for their injuries. Today, however, there are far too many cases in which a named plaintiff with an in-jury brings a lawsuit seeking to rep-resent a class. No problem here. This is how the system was designed to work. The abuse of the system arises when the class includes countless others that have suffered no injury at all. These no-injury class actions are designed simply to exploit companies and achieve a quick payday because either no genuine injury has occurred yet or because it never will. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.002 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H119 January 7, 2016 
Class actions should be preserved as a tool for those harmed to receive com-pensation. H.R. 1927 will allow the courts to focus their resources on cases where injury has occurred and ensuring those responsible are held accountable. Not surprisingly, this commonsense approach is supported by the American people. A recent DRI National Poll on the Civil Justice System found that 78 percent of Americans would support a law requiring a person to show that they were actually harmed by a com-pany’s products, services, or policies to join a class action rather than just showing potential for harm. Further illustrating this body’s com-mitment to do right by victims and en-sure that they are compensated for their injuries, H.R. 1927 also contains the text of the Furthering Asbestos Claim Transparency Act, or the FACT Act. The FACT Act is designed to reduce fraud in compensation claims for as-bestos-related diseases so we can en-sure that resources exist for true vic-tims. Double-dipping is an all too com-mon occurrence in asbestos claims, and for every dollar inappropriately given, it means $1 less for true victims who face mesothelioma and other asbestos- related illnesses. True victims are often those to whom our country owes its greatest debt: our veterans. Veterans currently comprise 9 percent of the population; yet, they make up approximately 30 percent of asbestos victims. Veterans are unique-ly positioned to benefit from the in-creased transparency that would result from the enactment of this bill. Many veterans groups support this legislation, including the American Military Society, Save our Veterans, the Veterans Resource list, and numer-ous other State and local veterans groups. Opponents of this bill also claim that it will negatively impact privacy rights for claimants. This is not true. The bill actually requires far less per-sonal information than is currently re-quired by State courts in their current disclosure forms. This legislation will reduce fraud in the asbestos trust system, which will ultimately protect and maximize as-sets available to compensate future as-bestos victims, veterans or otherwise. I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE and his staff for their tireless work to bring forward these pro-victim reforms, and I am pleased we will have robust general and amendment debate on this impor-tant topic. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule, which provides for consider-ation of H.R. 1927, called the Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act, which in practice will unfairly hamper large numbers of injured parties from effec-tively seeking redress in court, includ-ing civil rights, employment discrimi-nation, consumer protection, and as-bestos victim litigants. Let me put my bona fides on the table here. I have filed class actions, particularly in civil rights cases. Each of them were certified as class actions. They led to the desegregation of schools in the county that I am privi-leged to serve, the desegregation of ju-venile detention facilities, and several others too numerous to mention. As a United States district court judge, I also had the privilege of pre-siding in cases where certification was sought for class actions. The great ma-jority of those cases were not certified by me, largely for the reason that they did not meet the rigorous test that is already in place and that has been in place for nearly 40 years, with many changes having taken place over the years through the Federal process. That is what I would argue would be the best for us to do. First, this bill includes language that prohibits Federal courts from certi-fying that a group can file a class ac-tion lawsuit unless the group dem-onstrates by admissible evidentiary proof that each proposed class member suffered an injury of the same type and scope of the injury of the named class representative. A footnote right here. My read is that Brown v. Board of Education, the most significant school desegregation case in the history of this country, would not have qualified as a class ac-tion under this measure, as proposed. My friends in the majority claim that this measure is necessary to re-duce fraud and exploitation in the class action system, maintaining that, under current rules, Federal courts have cer-tified classes that include individuals who have not been injured, but have been forced into a class action lawsuit against their will. This claim and the legislation it in-spired has been met by much opposi-tion from a broad range of legal, civil rights, labor, consumer, and public in-terest groups, including the American Bar Association, the American Civil Liberties Union, AFSCME, NAACP, Consumer Federation of America, Na-tional Consumer Law Center, Public Citizen, Public Justice, and American Association for Justice, among a myr-iad of others. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  letters from the American Bar Associa-tion, Public Citizen, American Federa-tion of Labor and Congress of Indus-trial Organizations, the Asbestos Dis-ease Awareness Organization, and the Military Order of the Purple Heart. All of those organizations that I just iden-tified are opposed to this legislation. Their language speaks for itself, for those who may peruse the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD . AMERICAN BARASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, June 23, 2015. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, House Judiciary Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : On behalf of the American Bar Association and its almost 400,000 members, I write to offer our views as the Committee considers class action re-form. I understand that your Committee in-tends to mark up H.R. 1927, the ‘‘Fairness in Clam Action Litigation Act of 2015’’ tomor-row. The ABA has long recognized that we must continue to improve our judicial sys-tem; however, we cannot support legislation such as H.R. 1927, because it would unneces-sarily circumvent the Rules Enabling Act, make it more difficult for large numbers of injured parties to efficiently seek redress in court, and would place added burdens on an already overloaded court system. This proposed legislation would cir-cumvent the time-proven process for amend-ing the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure es-tablished by Congress in the Rules Enabling Act. Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure governs determinations whether class certification is appropriate. This rule was adopted in 1966 and has been amended several times utilizing the procedure estab-lished by Congress. The Judicial Conference, the policymaking body for the courts, is cur-rently considering changes to Rule 23, and we recommend allowing this process to con-tinue. In addition, the Supreme Court is poised to rule on cases where there are ques-tions surrounding class certification. For ex-ample, the Court agreed to hear Tyson Foods v. Bouaphakeo, where they will determine whether a class can be certified when it con-tains some members who have not been in-jured. We respectfully urge you to allow these processes for examining and reshaping procedural and evidentiary rules to work as Congress intended. Currently, to proceed with a class action case, plaintiffs must meet rigorous threshold standards. A 2008 study by the Federal Judi-cial Center found that only 25 percent of di-versity actions filed as class actions resulted in class certification motions, nine percent settled, and none went to trial. These data show that current screening practices are working. However, if the proponents of this legislation are concerned about frivolous class action cases and believe that screening can be even more effective through rule changes, those changes should be proposed and considered utilizing the current process set forth by Congress in the Rules Enabling Act. In addition to circumventing the rule-making process, the proposed legislation would severely limit the ability of victims who have suffered a legitimate harm to col-lectively seek justice in a class action law-suit. The proposed legislation mandates that in order to be certified as a class each indi-vidual member must prove he or she suffered an injury of the same type and scope to the proposed named class representative(s), and requires plaintiffs to show they suffered bod-ily injury or property damage. We were pleased learn that a manager’s amendment is expected to be offered during tomorrow’s markup that removes the re-quirement that the alleged harm to the plaintiff involved bodily injury or property damage. This improves the bill, but the re-maining requirement leaves a severe burden for people who have suffered harm at the hands of large institutions with vast re-sources, effectively barring them from form-ing class actions. For example, in a recent class action case against the Veterans Ad-ministration, several veterans sued for a va-riety of grievances centered on delayed claims. The requirement in this legislation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.026 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH120 January 7, 2016 
that plaintiffs suffer the same type of inju-ries might have barred these litigants from forming a class because each plaintiff suf-fered harms that were not the same. Class actions have been an efficient means of resolving disputes. Making it harder to utilize class actions will add to the burden of our court system by forcing aggrieved par-ties to file suit in smaller groups, or individ-ually. We appreciate the opportunity to provide our input and urge you to keep these rec-ommendations in mind as you continue to debate class action reform legislation. If the ABA can provide you or your staff with any additional information regarding the ABA’s views, or if we can be of further assistance, please contact me or ABA Governmental Af-fairs Legislative Counsel, David Eppstein. Sincerely, T
HOMAS M. S USMAN , Director, Governmental Affairs Office. 
PUBLIC CITIZEN , Washington, DC, May 13, 2015. Re Oppose H.R. 26 H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Judiciary Committee, Washington, DC. D
EARHONORABLE COMMITTEE MEMBERS : On behalf of Public Citizen’s more than 350,000 members and supporters, we strongly urge you to oppose H.R. 526, the Furthering As-bestos Claim Transparency Act (FACT Act). The FACT Act invades the privacy of as-bestos disease victims and will have the ef-fect of delaying compensation for those suf-fering with lethal diseases like mesothe-lioma. Congress should act to protect these victims instead of opening the door for the asbestos industry to further escape account-ability for poisoning the public and exposing trust claimants to scams, identity theft, and other privacy violations. The dangerous product asbestos was once ubiquitous as insulation and flame retardant in buildings, homes and workplaces like naval vessels. The frightening reality is that an unknown amount of the cancer-causing substance is still present in our sur-roundings, but the asbestos industry does not have to disclose where and when it was and is being used. The Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention report that roughly 3,000 people con-tinue to die from mesothelioma and asbes-tosis every year and some experts estimate the death toll is as high as 12,000–15,000 peo-ple per year when other types of asbestos- linked diseases and cancers are included. Instead of helping these victims, H.R. 526 would put unworkable burdens on claims trusts. For example, the bill would impose a requirement for trusts to respond to any and all corporate defendants’ information re-quests. Such a requirement would have the effect of slowing or virtually stopping the ability of trusts to provide compensation for victims. Since patients diagnosed with fatal asbestos-caused diseases like mesothelioma have very short expected lifespans, a delay in justice could leave victims’ next of kin struggling to pay medical and funeral bills. The FACT Act does nothing to improve the lives of those facing an asbestos death sen-tence through no fault of their own. The bill instead adds insult to injury and inexcusably invades the privacy of victims by requiring public disclosure of personal claim informa-tion, including portions of their social secu-rity numbers, opening the door to identity theft and possible discrimination. Instead of the FACT Act’s misguided push for ‘‘transparency’’ via asbestos trust claim information disclosures, an appropriate transparency standard would ensure that workers and consumers have all the informa-tion necessary to limit their potential expo-sure to the deadly substance. Specifically, companies should publicly disclose their ac-tivities related to the manufacture, proc-essing, distribution, sales, importation, transport or storage of asbestos or asbestos- containing products. That’s why Public Cit-izen supports Sens. Durbin and Markey’s and Reps. DelBene and Green’s Reducing Expo-sure to Asbestos Database Act (READ Act, S. 700/H.R. 2030) which would create an informa-tion portal for the public to learn about the many asbestos-containing products that are currently bought and sold in the U.S.A. The real outrage is the double oppression of asbestos victims, and the real need for transparency is disclosure of past and ongo-ing asbestos exposures. Please oppose H.R. 526. Sincerely, LISAGILBERT , Director, Public Citi-zen’s Congress Watch division. S
USAN HARLEY , Deputy Director, Pub-lic Citizen’s Congress Watch division. 
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR  
ANDCONGRESS OF INDUSTRIAL OR-
GANIZATIONS , Washington, DC, January 5, 2016. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : I am writing to ex-press the strong opposition of the AFL–CIO to H.R. 1927, the ‘‘Fairness in Class Action Litigation and Furthering Asbestos Claim Transparency Act’’ which is scheduled for consideration by the House of Representa-tives this week. This bill incorporates H.R. 526, the Furthering Asbestos Claim Trans-parency Act (FACT Act), which would invade the privacy of asbestos victims by posting personal exposure and medical information online and create new barriers to victims re-ceiving compensation for their asbestos dis-eases. The AFL–CIO urges you to oppose this harmful bill. Decades of uncontrolled use of asbestos, even after its hazards were known, have re-sulted in a legacy of disease and death. Hun-dreds of thousands of workers and family members have suffered or died of asbestos-re-lated cancers and lung disease, and the toll continues. Each year an estimated 10,000 peo-ple in the United States are expected to die from asbestos related diseases. Asbestos victims have faced huge barriers and obstacles to receiving compensation for their diseases. Major asbestos producers re-fused to accept responsibility and most de-clared bankruptcy in an attempt to limit their future liability. In 1994 Congress passed special legislation that allowed the asbestos companies to set up bankruptcy trusts to compensate asbestos victims and reorganize under the bankruptcy law. But these trusts don’t have adequate funding to provide just compensation, and according to a 2010 RAND study, the median payment across the trusts is only 25 percent of the claim’s value. With compensation from these trusts so limited, asbestos victims have sought redress from the manufacturers of other asbestos products to which they were exposed. The AFL–CIO is well aware that the sys-tem for compensating asbestos disease vic-tims has had its share of problems, with vic-tims facing delays and inadequate compensa-tion and too much money being spent on de-fendant and plaintiff lawyers. We have spent years of effort trying to seek solutions to make the asbestos compensation system fairer and more effective. But the FACT Act does nothing to improve compensation for asbestos victims and would in fact make the situation even worse. In our view, the bill is simply an effort by asbestos manufacturers who are still subject to asbestos lawsuits to avoid liability for diseases caused by expo-sure to their products. The FACT Act would require personally identifiable exposure histories and disease information for each asbestos victim filing a claim with an asbestos trust, and related payment information, to be posted on a pub-lic docket. This public posting is an extreme invasion of privacy. It would give unfettered access to employers, insurance companies, workers compensation carriers and others who could use this information for any pur-pose including blacklisting workers from employment and fighting compensation claims. The bill would also require asbestos trusts to provide on demand to asbestos defendants and litigants any information related to pay-ments made by and claims filed with the trusts. This would place unnecessary and added burdens on the trusts delaying much- needed compensation for asbestos victims. Such a provision allows asbestos defendants to bypass the established rules of discovery in the civil justice system, and provides broad unrestricted access to personal infor-mation with no limitations on its use. Congress should be helping the hundreds of thousands of individuals who are suffering from disabling and deadly asbestos diseases, not further victimizing them by invading their privacy and subjecting them to poten-tial blacklisting and discrimination. The AFL–CIO strongly urges you to oppose H.R. 1927. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM SAMUEL , Director, Government Affairs Department. 
ASBESTOS DISEASE  A
WARENESS ORGANIZATION , Redondo Beach, CA, February 4, 2015. Re Opposition to the Furthering Asbestos Claim Transparency Act of 2015 (H.R. 526) Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OHNCONYERS , JR., Ranking Member, House Committee on the Judi-ciary, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE AND RANKING  M
EMBER CONYERS : As both a mesothelioma widow and the President and Co-Founder of the Asbestos Disease Awareness Organiza-tion, I respectfully write to express my strong opposition to the Furthering Asbestos Claim Transparency (FACT) Act of 2015, H.R. 526. Asbestos is a known human carcinogen that causes deadly cancerous diseases. As-bestos-related diseases kill at least 10,000 Americans every year. Yet, it remains a major public health hazard that severely af-fects too many American families. Notwith-standing these lethal exposures, the 2014 U.S. Geological Survey World Report confirmed that although Asbestos has not been mined in the United States since 2002, the U.S. con-tinues to import Asbestos to ‘‘meet manufac-turing needs.’’ These same manufacturing interests who for years hid the dangers of their lethal As-bestos products, are now asking Congress— under the guise of transparency—to impose new time and cost-consuming requirements on the asbestos trusts, grant asbestos defend-ants new rights to infringe upon victims’ pri-vacy, and operate the trusts in a manner that will unduly burden asbestos victims and their families, without justification. I oppose the bill not only because it is both fun-damentally unfair and discriminatory to-ward asbestos cancer victims, but because it is entirely one-sided, and seeks absolutely nothing in the way of increased transparency from the same industry that caused the larg-est man-made disaster in human history, and covered it up for years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.004 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H121 January 7, 2016 
There is no justification for exposing fami-lies to the additional burdens set forth in H.R. 526. Information needed to verify the health of the trusts is already publicly avail-able in a way that protects the privacy of the victims of asbestos disease and their families. And trusts established by asbestos companies undergoing reorganization effec-tively compensate current and future asbes-tos victims while allowing business oper-ations to continue. Trusts are designed to decrease litigation and costs, yet the pro-posed reporting requirements contained in the FACT Act work contrary to that very purpose. Instead, the FACT Act grants asbes-tos companies the right to require from the trusts any information they choose, at any time, and for practically any reason. The re-sulting delay in compensation will gravely impact patients’ pursuit of medical care, negatively affects all victims of asbestos ex-posure, and effectively limits the justice they deserve. Accordingly, I am strongly op-posed to the FACT Act, which creates even greater burdens for patients and families to overcome during an already extremely dif-ficult time. I am extremely disappointed that recent Congressional legislative efforts have fo-cused on ways to limit the litigation de-signed to compensate victims, when the most obvious way to limit the impact of as-bestos exposure is through increased public awareness of the dangers posed, and preven-tion. Americans need legislation that will stop the continued import of asbestos into our country, and prevent the continued ex-panse of environmental and occupational as-bestos-related diseases. As consumers and workers, Americans deserve transparency to prevent exposure to asbestos, not to penalize victims. More than 30 Americans die each day from a preventable asbestos-caused disease. On be-half of the American citizens, we urge you to take the time to hear from the victims of as-bestos exposure and consider legislation that will protect public health, not legislation de-signed only to delay and deny justice for vic-tims of asbestos exposure. Sincerely, L
INDA REINSTEIN , President and Co-Founder, Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization. 
MILITARY ORDER  
OF THE PURPLE HEART , Springfield, VA, July 8, 2015. Hon. J
OHNCONYERS , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE CONYERS : As H.R. 526 ‘‘FACT Act’’ makes it way through the legislative process, the Military Order of the Purple Heart of the U.S.A. (MOPH) wishes to reiterate its firm opposition to this bill. We are disappointed to see that our dec-laration of opposition in February of this year has not stopped this bill in its tracks. Have no doubt and make no mistake, the FACT Act will have a very burdensome and detrimental effect on the asbestos personal injury trust claims for veterans and their families who have been exposed to this dead-ly product. The Association of the United States Navy (AUSN) and American Veterans (AMVETS) recognize this as well and re-cently joined us in opposing this legislation. On May 14th during the full Judiciary Committee mark-up of H.R. 526 ‘‘FACT Act’’, the legislation’s author, Representative Blake Farenthold shared with the committee a list of eleven ‘‘veterans organizations’’ that support the FACT Act. It needs to be noted that none of the groups mentioned were a national veterans service organiza-tion such as the MOPH. In fact, the majority of the groups listed by the Representative are not recognized veterans service organiza-tions at all. The Military Order of the Purple Heart, of the U.S.A. is a Congressionally chartered na-tional veterans service organization and is the only one that is exclusively made up of combat wounded Purple Heart veterans. We carefully consider each piece of veterans’ re-lated legislation to assure it is either truly beneficial or truly negative for veterans be-fore we take an official position. We speak on behalf of our 45,000 members across the nation, not just a couple of hundred in a few states. H.R. 526 is bad for veterans. The MOPH has been, and will continue to be, staunch advo-cates for our members and all veterans of the United States Armed Forces. We continue to oppose H.R. 526 and respectfully ask you to join us. Respectfully, J. PATRICK LITTLE , National Commander. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, the re-ality is that the current screening practices for certifying which individ-uals may file a class action lawsuit are working. Currently, plaintiffs must meet, as I said earlier, rigorous thresh-old standards to proceed with a class action. In fact, a 2008 study by the Federal Judicial Center found that only 25 per-cent of diversity actions filed as class actions resulted in class certification motions. In the cases I presided in, there were less than 25 percent. 9 per-cent settled and none went to trial. Why must we begin this new year with yet another piece of legislation that is a solution in search of a prob-lem? In short, this ill-conceived and unneeded bill unnecessarily cir-cumvents the Rules Enabling Act, the process established by the Congress to amend the Federal Rules of Civil Pro-cedure, making it more difficult for large numbers of injured parties to ef-fectively seek redress in court and would place additional burdens on an already overloaded court system. I should add that the Judicial Con-ference, the policymaking body for the Federal courts of this country, is cur-rently considering changes to rule 23, which governs determination of wheth-er class certification is appropriate, and the Supreme Court has agreed to hear cases where there are questions surrounding class certification, includ-ing Tyson Foods v. Bouaphakeo. It would behoove us to allow these processes for examining and revising procedural and evidentiary rules to work as Congress intended. The requirement in this bill that each proposed class member must prove he or she suffered an injury of the same type and scope of the injury of the named class representative effec-tively bars individuals who have suf-fered harm at the hands of large insti-tutions with immense resources from forming class actions. I am also highly concerned that the injury language included in this bill will exclude from the courts entire cat-egories of lawsuits, most significantly, victims of discriminatory practices or civil rights violations seeking redress. A commonsense reading of this provi-sion, as I indicated, might well have excluded class actions such as Brown v. Board of Education. Brown served as a catalyst for the modern civil rights movement, ultimately leading to full equality for African Americans. Under this legislation, class action plaintiffs must effectively prove the merits of their case as a condition of class certification, making most class actions nearly impossible to pursue. A mechanism must exist to hold cor-porations and other entities account-able when they engage in systemic dis-crimination, unfair and deceptive prac-tices, consumer fraud, and other wrongdoing that harms large numbers of people. This bill undermines this vital tool. Let me give you an example, which is the cases brought against airbag decep-tion that are currently being litigated and that we see much of in the news. If we were to look at scope of injury, some people were killed, and some peo-ple received minor injuries. Some peo-ple who had those airbags did not re-ceive injuries. But it seems logical to allow that all of the persons who had those auto-mobiles should have an opportunity for corrective procedures, regardless of whether or not that was a wrongful death or whether or not there was an injury. The scope becomes nebulous when you look at it from the perspec-tive of actual circumstances that we are confronted with sometimes in class actions. H.R. 1927 also includes a provision— and this troubles me deeply and should trouble everybody that is in Congress and in this Nation—that would delay the work of asbestos compensation trusts. Formerly, the Furthering As-bestos Claim Transparency Act, sec-tion 3 of this bill, will shield the asbes-tos industry from accountability while exposing trust claimants to scams, identity theft, and other privacy viola-tions. This portion of the bill is similarly opposed by a number of groups that I have identified, including the Military Order of the Purple Heart, the Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization, and the Environmental Working Group, just to name a few. For instance, the bill requires trusts to respond to any and all corporate de-fendants’ requests for information. La-dies and gentlemen, that could take years. By that time, many of the com-plainants may very well have died. And what troubles me a lot is that the trust fund is making money. It is similar to what automobile in-surance companies do. When there is an automobile accident, if they think that there was harm perpetrated by their insured, they immediately estab-lish a fund that would cover that liabil-ity. Then their lawyers go to work to not pay the claim at all and, next, to delay the claim. The longer they keep it away from an ultimate settlement, the more money the insurance company makes. And they make enough money sometimes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.011 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH122 January 7, 2016 
to pay the claim that they could have settled or paid the claim of the injured victim in the first place. b1300 The measure also requires public dis-closure of personal claim information, including portions of those with asbes-tos-related diseases’ Social Security numbers. Interestingly, this legislation does not impose these same burdensome re-porting requirements for the compa-nies that exposed Americans to asbes-tos. Despite its promise, this bill does nothing to improve judicial efficiency or reduce fraud in the court system and, instead, severely hampers justice for victims of corporate wrongdoing. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ), a good friend of mine. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today against an-other handout to corporate interests, this time needlessly limiting access to courts for American consumers and workers. The bill we would consider under this rule is the second blow in a one-two punch for American families. We kicked off 2016 by defunding Planned Parenthood and, effectively, repealing the Affordable Care Act. Now we are considering legislation that would limit class action lawsuits, and needlessly threaten the privacy of asbestos victims, as well as other vic-tims of faulty product designs, neg-ligence, and dangerous environmental occurrences. The end goal is obvious: enable cor-porations to avoid both blame and ac-countability when they have harmed consumers or knowingly exposed work-ers to toxic chemicals. I wish that I were more surprised, but I am not. The truth is clear in this bill. It is just the next step in Republican efforts to lift corporate interests above any level of scrutiny, endangering citi-zens and consumers in the process. Our courts are a cornerstone of jus-tice for everyday Americans. We need to find ways to expand, not restrict, ac-cess to our legal system for victims. Class actions have cleaned up the en-vironment after oil spills, banned ciga-rette ads aimed at children, and policed price-fixing on Wall Street, among many other things. Other nations allow big corporations to run amok, harming people through dangerous products, fraud, and dishon-esty, virtually unchecked. But here in the United States of America, class ac-tion lawsuits are a vital tool that hold even the very powerful accountable for their malfeasance. Mr. Speaker, it is time to get to work on policies for the American people, not against them, and I urge my col-leagues to vote against the rule and the underlying bill, H.R. 1927. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ), my good friend and former member of the Rules Com-mittee; and we miss him. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, the 114th Congress will be remembered as the Congress that tried and tried again to unravel the extraordinary and great achievements of that American Presi-dent of a century ago, Theodore Roo-sevelt. President Roosevelt was a Repub-lican. He believed in capitalism, he be-lieved in profit, he believed in com-merce. But he understood something that this Congress seems to forget: The axiom that power corrupts, and abso-lute power corrupts absolutely, applies to Wall Street and to large corpora-tions as much as it does to oligarchs and despots. Mr. Speaker, this legislation does end any realistic opportunity for con-sumers who are hammered by cor-porate negligence or irresponsibility or outright deceit from joining together to get the justice they are entitled to by using the only practical means available to obtain it, the class action lawsuit. Instead, this legislation would deny class action status to all consumers af-fected by the exact same corporate misconduct—say, faulty brakes—unless they suffered the identical injury, a broken arm, but not a broken leg. In a case of current moment, of real corporate misconduct and actual de-ceit, Volkswagen lying about its emis-sions control and, really, fudging the numbers on its mileage, the 3,000 Vermonters and 11 million Americans would have to file individual suits un-less each suffered the same exact eco-nomic loss. What is the justification for building this barrier to access to the courts? There is none. But the proponents of this legislation are advocating, idealistically and ideo-logically, the underpinning of so much other legislation for Americans who are seeking safety, who are seeking op-portunity, who are seeking justice. Think about it. Repealing the ACA, Affordable Care Act, with no replace-ment for those 17 million Americans who are now covered; unraveling Dodd- Frank, leaving Wall Street to its old ways that led to the collapse of the economy in 2008; denying Puerto Rico, at the last minute, the option that every other municipality or State has if there is a credit situation to go into bankruptcy, all in service of hedge fund billionaire investors from Wall Street. Starving the FTC and the SEC of their budgets so that they are no longer able to provide protections to consumers and small investors that they are entitled to. Teddy Roosevelt, capitalist that he was, would never have stacked the deck so high against everyday Ameri-cans. You know, we are talking a lot in this country about income inequality that is real. We can debate the causes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HASTINGS. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. WELCH. But the reality is we are building a structure of inequality, bill by bill, brick by brick. Denying class action access to the courts for every-day Americans injured by similar or the same corporate misconduct is to deny them a basic American right. Mr. Speaker, I urge our colleagues to vote against this legislation and stand up for access to justice. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the House of Representatives cast its 62nd vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act. That we began the second session of the 114th Congress in this manner sends the regrettable, but undeniable message that it may be a new year, and we may have a new Speaker, but we are dealing with the same old majority Congress, intent on advancing partisan measures with little chance of becom-ing law. H.R. 1927 will serve to close the courthouse doors to concerned and vul-nerable citizens injured by large cor-porations. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up bipartisan legislation that will close a glaring loophole in our gun laws, allowing sus-pected terrorists to legally buy fire-arms. This bill would bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question, and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, a lot can be said, and I am so glad for the coming to the floor later. This will be debated, amendments will be offered. The House is in regular order doing what the House is supposed to be doing. One thing that I would like to share is, as the previous speaker had talked about history—and I am currently, my-self, reading a biography outtake on Theodore Roosevelt and his time in the Presidency and the things that he did— there is an amazing balance that he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.027 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H123 January 7, 2016 
struck for, basically, common people and victims. I think that is exactly what we are doing here, because one of the things that the underlying bills do not do is they do not close the courthouse. They do not do the things that, if you look in history, as I pointed out in my open-ing statement, if you look at every time the Congress has taken up the class action issue, there has been the falling-of-the-sky phenomenon, that it is going to tear the courthouse down, nobody is going to get anything done. The actual truth is the class action has increased and efficiency was found. And for the true victims, they find their compensation. The courthouse that I have had the wonderful privilege of practicing in is a place where people find justice. It is not a place to be abused. It is not a place to sometimes take advantage of an open system. That is what we are doing here, and that is what I want people who read and understand this opportunity, because these are the same arguments that have been had be-fore. But, you know, Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the opportunity to come before this body, explore the differences be-tween the Republican majority’s vision for our country and that of this admin-istration and those who share the President’s view. The Republican majority is fighting for a legal system that is victim-fo-cused; a legal system that supports our veterans and ensures that those injured have their day in court and receive compensation. A legal system full of fraud, abuse, and waste is a legal system ill-equipped to provide justice to victims. The Republican majority is com-mitted to making life better for all Americans. We have done that this week through reducing the regulatory burden on families and small busi-nesses so we can jump-start our econ-omy. We have done that this week by send-ing to the President’s desk a bill that rescinds ObamaCare so that we can get to work on restoring a patient-centered healthcare system, such as the Empow-ering Patients First Act proposed by my colleague, Dr. P
RICE. And let it be said, just as has been said over the centuries, doing the right thing over and over is still the right thing. And I believe if it is 62 times, it can be 62 more times, because this Con-gressman from the Ninth District of Georgia believes, as his constituents have found in the Ninth District, that ObamaCare is not for the people and needs to be gone and replaced with a patient-centered approach that we can do as a Republican majority. You see, we have also sent to the President’s desk a measure to stop Planned Parenthood from destroying our next generation of men and women and directing those funds to organiza-tions that provide mammograms and true women’s health care. And we will continue to fight to keep our Nation safe from enemies, foreign and domestic, while preserving the sa-cred constitutional rights of all Ameri-cans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and H.R. 1927. The material previously referred to by Mr. HASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 581 O FFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1076) to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives licenses to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 1076. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
b1315 SUNSHINE FOR REGULATORY DE-CREES AND SETTLEMENTS ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous remarks on H.R. 712. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 580 and rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.029 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH124 January 7, 2016 
XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 712. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1316 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 712) to impose certain limitations on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes, with Mr. B
OSTin the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall not exceed 1 hour, with 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary and 20 minutes equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ). Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 712, the Sunshine for Regu-latory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015. H.R. 712 includes H.R. 1759, the All Economic Regulations are Transparent Act of 2015, or the ALERT Act, which the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform favorably reported on May 29, 2015. We have had some good pieces of leg-islation that made their way through the process, and we really do appre-ciate the great work of Congressman R
ATCLIFFE . I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ). Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015. I want to thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ  and Chairman G
OODLATTE for their hard work on this package of bills that will help push the government out of the way of the American people. I am especially grateful that the ALERT Act, which I introduced earlier this Congress, is included as title II of the bill. The constituents that I represent in northeast Texas work hard every day to provide for their families and to con-tribute to their communities. But I can tell you from countless conversations that they are fed up with a Federal Government that has been invading every aspect of their lives. They are frustrated with unaccountable, unelected bureaucrats who create regu-lations that have the force of law, reg-ulations that typically appear out of nowhere and bring with them huge price tags for the cost of compliance, often with little time to prepare and implement them. In some cases, regulators are unfor-giving to those who either can’t or don’t timely comply by imposing criminal penalties. Now, let’s pause to think about that. Bureaucrats ham-mering otherwise law-abiding Ameri-cans with criminal penalties for regu-latory violations at a time when the same administration is giving a free pass to millions of illegal aliens for breaking immigration laws, giving early release to tens of thousands of prisoners—violent criminals—and turn-ing loose radical Islamic terrorists from Guantanamo. It is little wonder that my constituents are outraged. And if it were up to this administra-tion, the problem would get worse, not better. To underscore that point, we need only look at the Federal Register where agencies publish their mandates. That document contained 82,000 pages last year, meaning that this adminis-tration averaged more than 224 pages of new regulations every day of the year. Americans have every right to de-mand to know what we are doing here in Congress to stop them from being crushed by this snowball of regula-tions. Part of the answer should be that current law requires an update twice a year on Federal regulations being de-veloped by Federal agencies. But guess what. Under this administration, these updates have either been late or not issued at all, and until now, there hasn’t been a way to hold these unelected bureaucrats accountable. My bill does just that. This bill forces the executive branch to make the American people aware of regula-tions that are coming down the track, and it prohibits any regulations from going into effect unless and until de-tailed information on the cost of that regulation—its impact on jobs and the legal bases for it—is made available to the public for at least 6 months. Predictably, the President and others argue that this bill is too tough on reg-ulators. But do you know what? I am here to fight for hardworking Ameri-cans, not for unelected Washington bu-reaucrats. Mr. Chairman, ensuring that folks aren’t steamrolled by new regulations should be a no-brainer. Transparency shouldn’t be controversial, it shouldn’t be optional, and it shouldn’t be a par-tisan issue. That is why I was honored to introduce the ALERT Act and why I am grateful that it has been included in this bill. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposi-tion to H.R. 712. This legislation rep-resents yet another attack by House Republicans on critical public health, safety, and environmental protections. I oppose this unnecessary and poten-tially dangerous legislation in its en-tirety. However, I will focus my re-marks today on title II of this bill, which is in the jurisdiction of the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee. Title II, also known as the ALERT Act, is an attack on agency rule-making that is inaccurately advertised as an effort to improve transparency. In fact, this bill explicitly prohibits the Office of Information and Regu-latory Affairs from taking into account benefits when providing estimated cu-mulative costs to proposed and final rules. That is not providing trans-parency. That is providing one side of the story. The Coalition for Sensible Safe-guards, which represents over 150 good government, labor, scientific, and health organizations, sent a letter op-posing the ALERT Act when it was marked up in the Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform Committee. The letter states: ‘‘The requirements of the ALERT Act, which would delay important pub-lic protections and waste scarce gov-ernment resources, fail to provide needed transparency improvements in the regulatory review process. Instead, the reporting requirements mandated under the ALERT Act would under-mine transparency by generating cher-ry-picked data that seems calculated to provide a distorted picture of the U.S. regulatory system.’’ The bill would also prevent a rule from taking effect until certain infor-mation is posted online for at least 6 months. The only exceptions to this re-quirement would be if an agency ex-empts the rule from the notice and comment requirements of the Adminis-trative Procedure Act or if the Presi-dent issues an executive order. This is an unnecessary roadblock that jeopard-izes public health and public safety. One example of a rule that would be affected by this bill is the recently pub-lished ATF regulation that closes a loophole that allowed individuals to avoid required background checks when purchasing some of the most dan-gerous weapons through trusts or legal entities. Under the bill, this rule could not take effect until certain informa-tion had been posted online by the Of-fice of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs for 6 months. That is 6 months, that delay, in putting commonsense gun safety procedures in place and would delay them. Many of the disclosure requirements in this legislation are redundant. Agen-cies already publish regulatory plans twice a year. This bill would require agencies to provide monthly updates to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.032 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H125 January 7, 2016 
their regulatory plans. This is unneces-sarily burdensome and would require agencies to divert already scarce re-sources to comply. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to reject H.R. 712. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). He is the author and lead sponsor of the underlying bill. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support today of H.R. 712, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act. I would like to thank Chairman G
OODLATTE , who will be coming along shortly, as my chairman on the Judici-ary Committee for his support and work, and the Judiciary Committee staff. I would also like to thank the chairman of the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee, my friend, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , a committee which I have served on that continues to do great work, along with the ranking member. It is good to be with you today. This is legislation—to me, especially H.R. 712—that addresses a problem and has been passed by the House on three separate occasions to address sue and settle practices that serve special in-terests at the expense of the American people. This is something I have been dealing with since I have been in Con-gress because it goes to the heart of what I have spoken to many times about the Republican majority and our interest in fairness and our interest in making the court system work for peo-ple. What this bill actually does is actu-ally—the heart and the core of it—goes after sue and settle litigation, consent decrees, that are taken behind closed doors without, many times, those that are affected even having the ability to give input into those and then being af-fected by that. So, if I had a problem with someone and I couldn’t resolve it, I would just go to the agency, such as the EPA or others who may have sympathetic leanings, and I say, ‘‘You are not doing what you are supposed to be doing.’’ I threaten to sue. We get behind closed doors. We settle something. The judge makes a consent order, and then I take it back to the areas that are affected, and they have no input into that. That is just not fair, inherently not fair. This bill simply is about trans-parency. To be against this bill is to be against transparency. To be against this legislation is to say that we be-lieve it is okay to cut people out when they are affected. Just to let you know how this is af-fected, between 2009 and 2012, 71 law-suits were settled as sue and settle cases and directly led to the issuance of more than 100 new Federal Rules— 100 new Federal Rules—out of consent decrees, including several with a com-pliance cost—listen to this. We want to talk about small business, we want to talk about local governments being burdened. Listen to this compliance cost: $100 million in excess. This issue is not partisan. Cass Sunstein, President Obama’s former regulatory czar, called the idea of re-forming the sue and settle process ex-cellent. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. CHAFFETZ. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. He stated: ‘‘In some cases, agencies don’t really disagree but have refrained from acting in part because of political con-straints.’’ He is right. Agencies use sue and set-tle to skirt potentially political issues. This is about fairness. This is about simplicity. This is a bill that is brought forward to take care of the American people and the burdensome regulations—not to stop it, but to sim-ply get our country working again. 
JANUARY 6, 2016. T
O THE MEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF  R
EPRESENTATIVES : The 250 undersigned groups strongly support efforts by the House of Representatives to make federal agencies more accountable to the American public and improve the transparency of agency ac-tions. The federal rulemaking process was founded on principles of open government and public participation. We are pleased, therefore, that the House is voting on a comprehensive regulatory re-form bill, H.R. 712, the ‘‘Sunshine for Regu-latory Decrees and Settlements Act,’’ which would take important steps to stop the abu-sive practice known as ‘‘sue and settle’’ and give the public and affected parties a greater ability to know about potential rulemakings and to participate. H.R. 712 embodies several major principles of accountability, transparency, and fair-ness, drawn directly from three regulatory reform bills: Title I—the ‘‘Sunshine for Regulatory De-crees and Settlements Act.’’ Behind closed doors, organizations and agencies enter into consent decrees or settlement agreements compelling the agencies to issue rules on an expedited timeframe. The states and the pub-lic are not given notice of the lawsuits, nor do they have a meaningful voice in the proc-ess, despite the adverse impact that rushed, sloppy regulations have on them. This title would improve the ‘‘sue and settle’’ process by requiring agencies to give early notice and take public comment on proposed settle-ment agreements obligating agencies to ini-tiate a rulemaking or take other action on a specified timetable. These settlement agree-ments allow interest groups to commandeer an agency’s agenda and regulatory priorities. The bill would allow affected parties to get notice of draft settlements and provide some opportunity to participate. Title II—the ‘‘All Economic Rules are Transparent (ALERT) Act.’’ This title would require agencies to disclose rulemakings the agency plans to propose or finalize to OMB’s Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA). OIRA would disseminate informa-tion about these planned rules to the public, including their estimated costs and benefits. Title III—the ‘‘Providing Accountability Through Transparency Act.’’ This title would require federal agencies to notify the public of proposed rules each month by post-ing a brief, plain-English summary of each proposed regulation on regulations.gov. Taken together, these reforms would help Congress to reassert control over federal reg-ulatory agency actions that have become opaque, unaccountable, and often unfair. Congress must perform its critical role as overseer of the federal agencies. The undersigned groups strongly support H.R. 712, the ‘‘Sunshine for Regulatory De-crees and Settlements Act,’’ and its com-prehensive approach to regulatory reform. We urge you to pass this important bill. Sincerely, Alabama: Alabama Forestry Association, Business Council of Alabama, Mobile Area Chamber of Commerce. Alaska: Alaska Chamber, Greater Fair-banks Chamber of Commerce. Arizona: Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Arizona Mining Association, Gilbert Chamber of Commerce, Greater Phoenix Chamber of Commerce, Lake Havasu Area Chamber of Commerce, Marana Chamber of Commerce, Tucson Metro Cham-ber. Arkansas: Arkansas Independent Pro-ducers & Royalty Owners Association (AIPRO), Arkansas State Chamber of Com-merce, Associated Industries of Arkansas. California: American Concrete Pressure Pipe Association, California Asphalt Pave-ment Association (CalAPA), California Asso-ciation of Boutique & Breakfast Inns, Cali-fornia Hotel & Lodging Association, Cerritos Regional Chamber of Commerce, Far West Equipment Dealers Association, Gateway Chambers Alliance, Los Angeles Area Cham-ber of Commerce, Milk Producers Council, Motorcycle Industry Council, Orange County Business Council, Plumbing-Heating-Cooling of California, San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce, San Gabriel Valley Economic Partnership. Colorado: Associated General Contractors of Colorado, Colorado Business Roundtable, Colorado Timber Industry Association, Home Builders Association of Northern Colorado, Western Energy Alliance. Connecticut: Connecticut Business & In-dustry Association, Gasoline & Automotive Service Dealers of America, Inc. Delaware: Rehoboth Beach-Dewey Beach Chamber of Commerce & Visitor Center. Florida: Associated Industries of Florida, Florida Chamber of Commerce, Florida Transportation Builders’ Association Or-lando, Inc. Georgia: Georgia Chamber, Georgia Mining Association, Georgia Paper & Forest Prod-ucts Association, Southeastern Lumber Man-ufacturers Association. Idaho: Associated Logging Contractors, Inc.—Idaho, Idaho Trucking Association. Illinois: American Foundry Society, Great-er Oak Brook Chamber of Commerce, ISSA— The Worldwide Cleaning Industry Associa-tion, Land Improvement Contractors of America (LICA), Mason Contractors Associa-tion of America, National Roofing Contrac-tors Association, Non-Ferrous Founders’ So-ciety, North American Association of Food Equipment Manufacturers (NAFEM), North American Die Casting Association, Property Casualty Insurers Association of America, STI/SPFA, The Illinois Chamber of Com-merce, Western DuPage Chamber of Com-merce. Indiana: Indiana Cast Metals Association (INCMA), Indiana Chamber of Commerce, In-diana Motor Truck Association. Iowa: Ames Chamber of Commerce, Mason City Chamber of Commerce. Kansas: Kansas Chamber of Commerce. Kentucky: Greater Louisville Inc., Ken-tucky Chamber of Commerce, Kentucky Coal Association, Kentucky Forest Industries As-sociation, Kentucky Petroleum Marketers Association. Louisiana: Houma-Terrebonne Chamber of Commerce, Louisiana Association of Busi-ness and Industry (LABI), Louisiana Land-owners Association, Louisiana Oil & Gas As-sociation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.033 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH126 January 7, 2016 
Maryland: Flexible Packaging Association, Maryland Asphalt Association, Inc., Na-tional Ready Mixed Concrete Association. Massachusetts: Metro South Chamber of Commerce. Michigan: AGC of Michigan, Associated Wire Rope Fabricators, Foundry Association of Michigan, Michigan Chamber of Com-merce. Minnesota: Associated General Contractors of Minnesota, Grand Rapids Area Chamber of Commerce. Mississippi: Mississippi Petroleum Market-ers and Convenience Stores Association, Mis-sissippi Propane Gas Association. Missouri: Equipment Dealers Association, Missouri Chamber, Missouri Grocers Associa-tion, Missouri Pest Management Associa-tion, National Corn Growers Association, Western Equipment Dealers Association. Montana: Billings Chamber of Commerce, Kalispell Chamber of Commerce, Montana Chamber of Commerce, Montana Petroleum Marketers & Convenience Store Association. Nebraska: Lincoln Chamber of Commerce, Nebraska Chamber of Commerce & Industry. Nevada: Carson Valley Chamber of Com-merce, The Chamber of Reno, Sparks, and Northern Nevada. New Jersey: Morris County Chamber of Commerce, New Jersey Business & Industry Association, New Jersey Motor Truck Asso-ciation, New Jersey State Chamber of Com-merce. New Mexico: New Mexico Cattle Growers’ Association, New Mexico Wool Growers, Inc. New York: Buffalo Niagara Partnership, North Country Chamber of Commerce, Northeastern Retail Lumber Association. North Carolina: Motor & Equipment Manu-facturers Association, North Carolina Manu-facturers Alliance. North Dakota: Bismarck-Mandan Chamber of Commerce, Bismarck-Mandan Home Builders Association, Dickinson Area Build-ers Association, Forx Builders Association, Greater North Dakota Chamber, Home Builders Association of Fargo-Moorhead, Minot Association of Builders, North Dakota Association of Builders, Williston Area Builders Association. Ohio: Cellulose Insulation Manufacturers Association, Forging Industry Association, Heating, Air-Conditioning & Refrigeration Distributors International (HARDI), Indus-trial Fasteners Institute, National Tooling and Machining Association, Ohio Cast Met-als Association (OCMA), Ohio Chamber of Commerce, Ohio Forestry Association, Ohio Trucking Association, Precision Machined Products Association, Precision Metalforming Association, Youngstown/War-ren Regional Chamber. Oklahoma: Gas Processors Association, Greater Oklahoma City Chamber, Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association, The State Chamber of Oklahoma, Tulsa Regional Chamber. Oregon: Associated Oregon Industries, As-sociated Oregon Loggers, Inc., Klamath County Chamber of Commerce, Oregon Re-tail Council, Roseburg Area Chamber of Commerce, The Chamber of Medford/Jackson County. Pennsylvania: Chester County Chamber of Business & Industry, Pennsylvania Chamber of Business and Industry, Pennsylvania For-est Products Association, Pennsylvania Foundry Association, Pennsylvania Inde-pendent Oil & Gas Association, Printing In-dustries of America, Schuylkill Chamber of Commerce, The Pennsylvania Corn Growers Association Inc. South Carolina: Charleston Metro Chamber of Commerce, Myrtle Beach Area Chamber of Commerce, North Myrtle Beach Chamber of Commerce, CVB South Carolina Timber Pro-ducers Association. South Dakota: Black Hills Forest Resource Association, Intermountain Forest Associa-tion. Tennessee: Johnson City, TN Chamber of Commerce, National Cotton Council, Ten-nessee Cattlemen’s Association, Tennessee Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Tennessee Paper Council. Texas: American Loggers Council, Con-sumer Energy Alliance, Electronic Security Association (ESA), Laredo Chamber of Com-merce, Longview Chamber of Commerce, McAllen Chamber of Commerce, Texas Asso-ciation of Business, Texas Cast Metals Asso-ciation, Texas Mining and Reclamation As-sociation (TMRA), Texas Wildlife Associa-tion. Utah: Salt Lake Chamber, Utah Mining As-sociation. Virginia: American Composites Manufac-turers Association, American Feed Industry Association, American, Subcontractors Asso-ciation, Inc., American Trucking Associa-tions, American Wood Council, AMT—The Association For Manufacturing Technology, Automotive Recyclers Association, Brick In-dustry Association, Construction Industry Round Table (CIRT), Council of Industrial Boiler Owners, Global Cold Chain Alliance. Independent Electrical Contractors, Meat Import Council of America, National Asso-ciation of Chemical Distributors, National Association of Convenience Stores, National Renderers Association, National Rural Elec-tric Cooperative Association, National Stone, Sand and Gravel Association, Outdoor Power Equipment Institute. Petroleum Marketers Association of Amer-ica, Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council, Truck Renting and Leasing Associa-tion, Virginia Chamber of Commerce, Vir-ginia Forest Products Association. Washington: American Exploration & Min-ing Association, Greater Yakima Chamber of Commerce, Washington Cattle Feeders Asso-ciation, Washington Retail Association. Washington D.C.: Agricultural Retailers Association, American Coatings Association, American Coke and Coal Chemicals Insti-tute, American Council of Engineering Com-panies, American Forest & Paper Associa-tion, American Fuel & Petrochemical Manu-facturers, American Highway Users Alliance, American Iron and Steel Institute, American Petroleum Institute, American Public Gas Association, American Road & Transpor-tation Builders Association, Associated Builders and Contractors, Building Owners and Managers Association (BOMA) Inter-national, Independent Petroleum Associa-tion of America, Industrial Energy Con-sumers of America, Industrial Minerals Asso-ciation—North America, Institute of Makers of Explosives, National Association of Home Builders, National Association of Manufac-turers. National Association of Wholesaler-Dis-tributors, National Black Chamber of Com-merce, National Council of Textile Organiza-tions, National Federation of Independent Business, National Grain and Feed Associa-tion, National Industrial Sand Association, National Lumber and Building Material Dealers Association, National Mining Asso-ciation, National Oilseed Processors Associa-tion, North American Meat Institute, SPI: The Plastics Industry Trade Association, Treated Wood Council, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, United States Hide, Skin and Leather Association, Vinyl Building Council, Vinyl Institute, Window and Door Manufac-turers Association. West Virginia: West Virginia Chamber, West Virginia Oil Marketers and Grocers As-sociation. Wisconsin: Greater Green Bay Chamber, Midwest Food Processors Association, Wis-consin Cast Metals Association, Wisconsin Grocers Association, Wisconsin Industrial Energy, Wisconsin Manufacturers & Com-merce. Wyoming: Petroleum Association of Wyo-ming, Wyoming Rural Electric Association, Wyoming Stock Growers Association. 
ASSOCIATED BUILDERS  
ANDCONTRACTORS , INC., Washington, DC, January 6, 2016. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Asso-ciated Builders and Contractors (ABC), a na-tional construction industry trade associa-tion with 70 chapters representing nearly 21,000 chapter members, I am writing in re-gard to the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act (H.R. 712) introduced by Rep. Doug Collins (R–GA). ABC supports increased transparency and opportunities for public feedback in situa-tions where agencies promulgate rulemakings via consent decrees and settle-ment agreements, and opposes regulation through litigation. The Sunshine for Regu-latory Decrees and Settlements Act (H.R. 712) would promote enhanced openness and transparency in the regulatory process by re-quiring early disclosure of proposed consent decrees and regulatory settlements. The practice of regulation through litiga-tion (or ‘‘sue and settle’’ as it is sometimes described) is used and often abused by advo-cacy groups in order to initiate rulemakings when they feel federal agencies are not mov-ing quickly enough to draft and issue these policies. Organizations routinely file law-suits against federal agencies claiming they have not satisfied particular regulatory re-quirements, at which point agencies can opt to settle. When settlements are agreed to, they often mandate that rulemakings go for-ward and frequently establish arbitrary timeframes for completion—without stake-holder review or public comment. These set-tlements are agreed to behind closed doors and their details kept confidential. Agencies release their rulemaking proposals for public comment after the settlement has been agreed upon, but this is often too late for adequate and meaningful feedback. H.R. 712 would require agencies to solicit public comment prior to entering into a con-sent decree with courts, which would provide affected parties proper notice of proposed regulatory settlements, and would make it possible for affected industries to participate in the actual settlement negotiations. Thank you for your attention on this im-portant matter and we urge the House to pass the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act when it comes to the floor for a vote. Sincerely, K
RISTEN SWEARINGEN , Senior Director, Legislative Affairs. 
SMALL BUSINESS & E
NTREPRENEURSHIP COUNCIL , Vienna, VA, January 4, 2016. Hon. D
OUGCOLLINS , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE COLLINS : On behalf of the Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council (SBE Council) and its 100,000 mem-bers, I am writing to express our strong sup-port for H.R. 712, the ‘‘Sunshine and Regu-latory Decrees and Settlement Act of 2015.’’ SBE Council is grateful for your ongoing leadership in calling attention to and work-ing to fix the sue-and-settle game played by special interests groups and federal govern-ment agencies. H.R. 712 is an important solu-tion that will lift the veil on a process that is unjust and hurts small businesses. Americans feel disconnected from a regu-latory process that does not consider their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.009 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H127 January 7, 2016 
views or the real world impact of regulation. A recent survey conducted by our Center for Regulatory Solutions (CRS) found that 72% of Americans believe regulations are ‘‘cre-ated in a closed, secretive process,’’ with 68% saying that federal rules are created by ‘‘out-of-touch’’ people pushing a political agenda. As is the case with ‘‘sue-and-settle,’’ special interest groups conspire with federal agencies and file lawsuits against them al-leging that an action has been unlawfully de-layed or unreasonably withheld. In many cases, the outcome of these legal actions— the ‘‘settle’’—is excessive and unreasonable regulation. Small business owners and their employees are hardest hit by these burdensome federal regulations, which, again, are the end prod-uct of a closed, one-sided process. In a report published by CRS, we document egregious ‘‘sue-and-settle’’ cases and their costly out-comes. It is unconscionable that federal agencies act in secret with the very special interests that favor giving them more power. H.R. 712 would require federal agencies to publish and give notice of these actions, and provide the public with more rights in re-viewing, participating in and commenting on them. As such, H.R. 712 provides the open-ness, fairness and access to the federal regu-latory process that it currently lacks. SBE Council is again pleased to support you and your colleagues in your efforts to advance this reform into law. Thank you for your leadership, and support of small busi-ness owners and entrepreneurs. Sincerely, K
AREN KERRIGAN , President and CEO. 
INDUSTRIAL ENERGY CONSUMERS  
OFAMERICA , Washington, DC, January 4, 2016. Re IECA Supports H.R. 712, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015. Hon. D
OUGCOLLINS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCONGRESSMAN COLLINS : On behalf of the Industrial Energy Consumers of America (IECA), we support passage of H.R. 712, the ‘‘Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Set-tlements Act of 2015.’’ The legislation would take important steps to stop the abusive practice known as ‘‘sue and settle’’ and give the public and affected parties a greater abil-ity to know about potential rulemakings and to participate. The bill would help Congress to reassert control over federal regulatory agency actions that have become opaque, un-accountable, and often unfair. Congress must perform its critical role as overseer of the federal agencies. IECA is a nonpartisan association of lead-ing manufacturing companies with $1.0 tril-lion in annual sales, over 2,900 facilities na-tionwide, and with more than 1.4 million em-ployees worldwide. IECA membership rep-resents a diverse set of industries including: chemical, plastics, steel, iron ore, aluminum, paper, food processing, fertilizer, insulation, glass, industrial gases, pharmaceutical, building products, brewing, automotive, independent oil refining, and cement. Mounting EPA regulatory costs and abuse of the legal system through actions such as ‘‘sue and settle’’ have made it very difficult for manufacturing companies to compete with global competitors, thereby impacting U.S. jobs. For example, while China’s manu-facturing jobs have increased by 31.5 percent since 2000, U.S. manufacturing jobs have de-clined by 21.6 percent. Furthermore, the 2014 U.S. manufacturing trade deficit stands at $524 billion and 70 percent of the deficit is with one country, China. We thank you for your leadership on this important legislation and look forward to working with you. Sincerely, PAULN. C ICIO, President. 
AMERICAN FUEL& PETROCHEMICAL  M
ANUFACTURERS , Washington, DC, January 7, 2016. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: The American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) writes in support of H.R. 1155, the Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burdensome (SCRUB) Act of 2015, and H.R. 712, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015. AFPM is a trade as-sociation representing high-tech American manufacturers of virtually the entire U.S. supply of gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, other fuels and home heating oil, as well as the pe-trochemicals used as building blocks for thousands of vital products in daily life. AFPM members make modern life possible and keep America moving and growing as they meet the needs of our nation and local communities, strengthen economic and na-tional security, and support 2 million Amer-ican jobs. The U.S. is in the midst of an energy and manufacturing renaissance that promises to increase our energy security and create high quality jobs for years to come. AFPM mem-bers are playing an important role in this renaissance as they continue to invest bil-lions of dollars in facility upgrades needed to handle our increasing domestic production of oil and natural gas. In addition to bolstering economic growth, these investments ensure that American fuel and petrochemical manu-facturers can continue to provide consumers with ample and affordable supplies of trans-portation fuels and other vital products. America’s energy and manufacturing renais-sance, however, is threatened by a maze of increasingly costly and unworkable federal regulations. Indeed, domestic manufactures face a total federal regulatory burden of at least $1.88 trillion, jeopardizing their global competitiveness and increasing costs to con-sumers. H.R. 1155 and 712 would improve our broken regulatory process and mitigate some of the burdens on domestic manufacturers. AFPM specifically welcomes the regulatory ‘‘cut- go’’ provisions of H.R. 1155, which would cre-ate a mechanism for getting excessively complex, costly, and contradictory regula-tions under control. Additionally, H.R. 712 would significantly limit the growing abuses associated with the ‘‘sue-and-settle tactic’’ deployed by certain organizations. Meaningful reform is critical for our coun-try. We appreciate your leadership on this issue and urge the immediate passage of H.R. 1155 and 712. Sincerely, C
HETTHOMPSON , President. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  
OFMANUFACTURERS , January 7, 2016. D
EARREPRESENTATIVES : The National As-sociation of Manufacturers (NAM), the larg-est manufacturing association in the United States representing manufacturers in every industrial sector and in all 50 states, urges you to support H.R. 712, Sunshine for Regu-latory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015, introduced by Representative Doug Collins (R–GA). Manufacturers and other stakeholders are often subject to significant federal regu-latory actions mandated through consent de-crees and settlement agreements. However, the public can be excluded from the promul-gation of rules as agencies and litigants ne-gotiate behind closed doors, determining when and how regulators must act. Public participation and transparency in the regulatory process is a universal prin-ciple of sound rulemaking. H.R. 712 would en-hance the regulatory process by increasing public participation in shaping rules before they are proposed. The bill would require agencies to provide timely and more rel-evant information to the public of lawsuits attempting to force regulatory action and to publish proposed consent decrees or regu-latory settlements. Importantly, H.R. 712 would require agencies to consider public comments prior to entry of consent decrees or settlement agreements with the court. Agency actions to develop significant regu-lations without public participation con-tradict the sound regulatory principles that are the foundation of our regulatory system and ensure fairness and due process for all affected entities. H.R. 712 would provide nec-essary transparency to the rulemaking proc-ess and preserve the ability of the public to engage with their government. The NAM’s Key Vote Advisory Committee has indicated that votes on H.R. 712, includ-ing procedural motions, may be considered for designation as Key Manufacturing Votes in the 114th Congress. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, ARICNEWHOUSE , Senior Vice President, Policy and Government Relations. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), my distin-guished colleague. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the distinguished ranking mem-ber, my friend from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ). I join the ranking member in oppos-ing the so-called Sunshine for Regu-latory Decrees and Settlements Act. Specifically, we take exception to the inclusion of the so-called All Economic Regulations are Transparent Act that would unnecessarily require agencies to provide monthly status updates on their plans to propose and finalize rules when they are already required to re-port twice a year. Further, this legislation would pro-hibit agency rules from taking effect until the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs has posted certain information online for at least 6 months. So an agency might post, on its own, information about the cost of a proposed rule for a year, but if OIRA doesn’t post the information for at least 6 months, the agency would be prohibited from moving forward. b1330 Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member C
UMMINGS and I have an amendment that will be considered shortly to strike the 6-month online posting re-quirement. Striking that provision would keep important agency rules protecting public health and safety from being needlessly delayed. We have a Second Amendment that would exempt independent agencies. The bill as currently drafted would re-quire agencies, such as the SEC and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.013 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH128 January 7, 2016 
Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, to abide by these new reporting requirements. Of course, these and other related agencies are not required to submit their rules for such reviews precisely because they are independent agencies and are intended as such. I urge my colleagues to support the Cummings-Connolly amendments, as well as the amendment offered by Mr. L
YNCH that would require Federal agencies to provide an estimate of the benefits, as well as the costs, of pro-posed regulations. Mr. Chairman, this bill may be couched in the guise of improving transparency, but let’s be honest, its real intent is to erect barriers and sig-nificantly delay the regulatory process that protects the American people. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Last Congress, the ALERT Act— which is part of this bill now—passed the House twice with bipartisan sup-port. Put simply, the ALERT Act pro-vides regulatory transparency requir-ing Federal agencies to provide month-ly updates on regulation expected to be implemented in the next year. That shouldn’t be controversial. As the bill’s author, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , indi-cated, transparency should not be a heavy lift. That is what we are trying to provide. But that transparency is lacking. If you talk to small businesses and large businesses, you talk to citi-zens, you talk to advocacy groups, they will all tell you to one degree or an-other that this is not necessarily crys-tal clear. They have had this problem and challenge. The Obama administra-tion has shown a troubling tendency to minimize the amount of public atten-tion. The Fall 2015 Unified Agenda of Fed-eral Regulations, a document dis-closing regulations currently under consideration by Federal agencies, now contains more than 2,000 new regula-tions—2,000. By the administration’s own estimates, 144 of those regulations are expected to cost the public more than $100 million each—each. Not just one—each. You have got a universe of 2,000 regulations coming your way, America—144 of those are going to cost you about $100 million apiece, and you don’t even know what they are. We don’t necessarily know what they are. That is why we think there should be disclosure. That is why they call it the ALERT Act. It keeps the public in-formed about what Federal regulators are doing in their name and how much the regulations cost. The bill requires the heads of Federal agencies to provide a monthly update, which is new. That seems reasonable. A monthly update to the Office of Infor-mation and Regulatory Affairs with clear information about each rule. OIRA is then required to publicly dis-close on the Internet both the monthly updates and the annual review identi-fying the costs of each regulation. That seems fair. It seems balanced. It seems easy to me. I appreciate Mr. RATCLIFFE and the good work that he has done bringing this to our attention and fighting for it. I urge its adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time re-mains? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Maryland has 4 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Utah has 1 minute remaining. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, this is the second antiregulation bill the Republicans have brought to the floor in 2 days. Yesterday, we debated a bill that purported to cut bureaucracy by cre-ating a $30 million commission. Today, we are debating a bill that purports to provide transparency but, in fact, decreases transparency. The bill directs the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs to publish the total cost of all rules proposed or finalized without counting any of the offsetting benefits. That is not trans-parency. That is misinformation. The proponents of this bill want to focus exclusively on the costs of regu-lations because information about the benefits undercuts their narrative. The bill’s focus on the costs alone ignores the enormous benefits that regulations can have. These benefits can be meas-ured in terms of lives saved, injuries reduced, and even dollars gained. In fact, the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs reported in October that the net annual benefits of major rules issued during the Obama adminis-tration from 2009 to 2014 is some $215 billion. Agency rules save lives, im-prove health and safety, and protect our financial markets. The provisions in this bill that would prevent rules from taking effect until certain information has been made available on the Internet for 6 months are an unnecessary and potentially dangerous roadblock. We don’t need an arbitrary 6-month delay in putting in place rules—like high chair and crib safety standards—that protect our children. This bill is also unnecessarily bur-densome. For example, this bill would require OIRA to provide a report on the number of rules and a list of each rule for which a resolution of disapproval was introduced in either the House or Senate under section 802 of the Con-gressional Review Act. Under this re-quirement, the legislative branch would be requiring the executive branch to report on the activities of the legislative branch. That is not transparency. That is a waste of agen-cy resources. With that, Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to vote against this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. In conclusion, with all due respect, to suggest that it would be overwhelming to produce cost estimates and put them up on the Internet on a monthly basis, we are asking for transparency, but imagine the burden that is also put on the American people. Some of these may be really good ones. They may be really good regulations. But there may be some that they haven’t quite re-searched and that other companies, or-ganizations, individuals, nonprofits, suddenly have to reconfigure for. That takes some time. They need to know that things are coming. That I think is a reasonable thing to do. I, again, appreciate what Mr. R
ATCLIFFE has been championing. I would urge the passage of this bill and the underlying bill as well. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. It has been years since Federal offi-cials declared that the Great Recession had ended and recovery had begun. It has been years since the Obama admin-istration took office, promising to de-liver prosperity and security once more to our Nation. We are now approaching American voters’ next choice of leadership for the United States. The Obama administra-tion seeks to assure us that times are better and times are safer. Workers, small-business owners, and Main Street families across our Nation know better. America is still strug-gling to create enough new jobs and economic growth to produce the pros-perity and security Americans need and deserve. Unless Washington relents from add-ing unnecessarily to the nearly $2 tril-lion in annual costs that Federal regu-lation imposes on our economy, Amer-ica’s job creators and innovators will not be able to create the jobs and growth needed to produce a true new morning in America. Today’s bill contains three measures sure to help remedy this situation. First, the bill offers strong reforms to attack a problem that lies behind many of the costliest new regulations Washington issues each year. That is the problem of sue and settle regula-tion. Time and again, new, high-cost regu-lations are issued under consent de-crees and settlement agreements that force Federal agencies to issue new rules. These decrees and settlements stem from deals between regulatory agencies and pro-regulatory plaintiffs. The plaintiffs seeking regulations sue and the agencies seeking help to regu-late settle, gaining the force of a judge’s gavel to impose their will on the economy. Those to be regulated—our Nation’s job creators—often do not know about these deals until the plaintiffs’ com-plaints and the proposed decrees or set-tlements are filed in court. By then it is too late. Regulated businesses, state regulators, and other interested enti-ties are unlikely to be able to inter-vene in the litigation. The court can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.035 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H129 January 7, 2016 
approve the deals before regulated par-ties even have an opportunity to deter-mine whether new regulatory costs will be imposed on them. Title I of today’s legislation, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act, brings this abusive practice to an end. It assures that those to be regulated have a fair oppor-tunity to participate in the resolution of litigation that affects them. It en-sures that courts have all of the infor-mation they need before they approve proposed decrees and settlements. And it provides needed transparency on the ways agencies conduct their business. Title II of the bill rests on the same principle of transparency. Even when new regulations are not forced upon them by judicial decree, Americans de-serve to know what new regulations agencies plan to send their way. They deserve to know earlier and better what those new rules will look like, how much they will cost, and when they may be imposed. Armed with this information, Amer-ica’s small businesses and families will be in a better position to respond to agency plans with better and more timely comments on proposed regula-tions, and they will be better and more timely able to bring to Congress’ atten-tion concerns about planned regulation they believe is unnecessary, too costly, or ineffective. Title II of the bill, the ALERT Act, accomplishes just that. It reforms dis-closure requirements for upcoming rules by requiring more details to be disclosed and by requiring the publica-tion of monthly, online updates of in-formation on the rules’ schedules, costs, and economic effects, including jobs impacts. Finally, title III of the bill, the Pro-viding Accountability Through Trans-parency Act, helps to fix one of the most maddening things Main Street Americans and small-business owners across the Nation confront. Not only do Federal regulators issue too many regulations that cost too much, too often those regulations are impossible for an ordinary citizen to understand. Title III offers a welcome remedy by requiring each agency to publish an on-line, 100-word summary of any new pro-posed regulation. What a concept—state in clear, sim-ple, and short terms for the American people just what Federal regulators propose to do. State it in terms that don’t require help from a lawyer to un-derstand. And state it online every time a new regulation is proposed. All of the legislation in this bill is sure to help Americans who are be-sieged and bewildered by the flood of new regulations flowing every day from Washington’s regulatory bureaucracy. I thank Representatives C
OLLINS , R
ATCLIFFE , and L UETKEMEYER for in-troducing each piece of legislation the bill contains. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. CONYERS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 712, the Sunshine in Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act. This measure is comprised of three bills, each of which, from my perspec-tive, is thoroughly flawed. To begin with, title I of this bill, con-sisting of the text of the Sunshine and Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015, has a simple goal: to dis-courage the use of settlement agree-ments and consent decrees and to thereby prevent critical Federal regu-latory actions from being imple-mented. b1345 Title I accomplishes this goal by giv-ing opponents of regulation multiple opportunities to stifle rulemaking. With respect to a civil action enforcing an agency’s responsibility to undertake a regulatory action, such as to promul-gate a rulemaking, title I essentially authorizes any third party who is af-fected by such regulatory action to in-tervene in that civil action, subject to rebuttal; to participate in settlement negotiations; and to submit public comments about a proposed consent de-cree or settlement agreement that agencies would then be required to re-spond to. In addition, title I mandates that agencies provide for public comment on a proposed consent decree, and it re-quires agencies to respond to all such comments before the consent decree can be entered in court. As a result, an agency would be forced to go through two public com-ment periods, one for the consent de-cree and one for the rulemaking that results from the consent decree, dou-bling the agency’s effort and time be-fore a regulation could be finalized. Like nearly all of the anti-regulatory bills we have considered to date over the last two Congresses, this measure piles on procedural requirements for agencies and courts. By delaying regulatory protections, title I jeopardizes public health and safety. This explains why a broad con-sortium of more than 150 organizations strenuously opposes this measure. These organizations include the Nat-ural Resources Defense Council, the American Civil Liberties Union, the NAACP, the Sierra Club, and Earthjustice, among other groups. Title II of H.R. 712 consists of the text of H.R. 1759, the All Economic Regulations are Transparent Act of 2015, or the ALERT Act of 2015. This measure would impose an arbitrary 6- month delay before virtually any new rule could go into effect with only lim-ited exceptions. Clearly, the bill fails to take into ac-count a vast array of time-sensitive rules, ranging from the mundane, such as the many United States Coast Guard bridge closing regulations, to particu-larly critical regulations that protect public health and safety. Another troubling aspect of title II is that it specifically prohibits the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs—the executive branch agency charged with policymaking for Federal regulatory agencies—from taking into account the benefits of regulations when providing total cost estimates for proposed and final rules. Thus, a regu-lation that costs only $1 but that re-sults in $1 billion in benefits would only be reported as costing $1. Such a misleading and unbalanced report could hardly promote transparency. Finally, title III, consisting of H.R. 690, the Providing Accountability Through Transparency Act of 2015, would require a notice of proposed rule-making that is published in the Fed-eral Register to include an Internet link to a plain language, 100-word sum-mary of the rule. As with the other provisions in H.R. 712, title III creates a further oppor-tunity for opponents of regulation to slow down a proposed rulemaking, and rather than promoting transparency, title III could engender confusion about the substance of such rule-making. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ), the chair-man of the Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Anti-trust Law. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, on mul-tiple occasions before, I have discussed the overwhelming burden of the regu-latory state on American workers and employers. For the past year, it has been my primary objective, as chair-man of the Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Anti-trust Law, to bring to light these bur-dens and their true costs on the lives of all Americans. The burden of Federal regulations al-ready amounts to 21 percent of the av-erage company’s payroll. How can em-ployers plan for the future when the specter of new regulations, meaning additional costs, hangs over their plan-ning? The regulatory process itself and some current government practices make this more difficult. These bills are critical as we work to improve the regulatory process and to prevent misguided and damaging regu-latory overreach. These pieces of legis-lation grant clarity and transparency to the regulatory process. I spent the first part of my life work-ing my way up the chain in manufac-turing. I worked in a factory. When I became a manager, I saw the complex considerations that went into hiring, expansion, and whether we could keep the lights on. We did not have a crystal ball to help us there. We had to look at our reve-nues and at our costs and make as-sumptions for the future. And, yes, cur-rent and future regulations played a role there, too. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.036 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH130 January 7, 2016 
That was over 30 years ago. Now the regulatory state and the burdens on business operators and on those who try to go into business have grown by frightening magnitudes. This bill’s sue and settle legislation will ensure that regulators and outside groups can no longer conspire to change or to implement regulations in secret or through judicial decree. The transparency provisions of the ALERT Act reinforce these measures by mandating more frequent and de-tailed disclosures that will allow busi-nesses to anticipate the hurdles they will face down the road. To those Members who introduced these pieces of legislation, I thank them for their attention and effort in lessening the regulatory burdens on all Americans. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to H.R. 712, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015. Rather than bringing sunshine into the rulemaking process, it throws an after-midnight shade on this process. In fact, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act pulls the plug on regulations that are in place to protect the health, safety, and well- being of the people. This misnomered legislation should be renamed the ‘‘Bedtime for Consent Decrees and Settlements Act.’’ An-other great name is the ‘‘Leave Volks-wagen Alone Act.’’ Title I of H.R. 712 imposes numerous burdensome procedural requirements on agencies and courts, requirements that are designed to hamstring and to ultimately prevent the use of consent decrees and settlements that ensure the enforcement of the law. Proponents of this provision argue that it is necessary because Federal agencies collude with pro-regulatory plaintiffs to advance a mutually agreed-upon regulatory agenda through the use of consent decrees and settle-ment agreements. According to my Republican col-leagues, this so-called sue and settle litigation specifically allows agencies to skirt the requirements of the Ad-ministrative Procedure Act to dictate the contents of an agency rulemaking or to bind agency action. Sadly, how-ever, the majority has not put forth a single dust particle of credible evidence to support this claim. To the contrary, consent decrees and settlement agreements are important tools in ensuring the timely compli-ance with statutory deadlines that have been put in place by Congress to protect the environment and the public’s health and safety. In fact, the Government Account-ability Office, the GAO, reported in De-cember of 2014 that there is zero evi-dence indicating that agencies collude with public interest groups in bringing these consent decrees, as the majority has often alleged. In its report, the GAO referred to these lawsuits as ‘‘deadline suits’’ be-cause they simply compel agencies to take statutorily required actions with-in a designated timeframe. The GAO also found little evidence that deadline suits determine the sub-stantive outcome of agency action be-cause agency officials stated that they have not and would never agree to set-tlements in a deadline suit that final-ize the substantive outcome of the rulemaking or declare the substance of the final rule. Earlier this year, Amit Narang, a regulatory policy advocate for Public Citizen, also clarified during the legis-lative hearing on H.R. 712: ‘‘All of the settlements scrutinized by GAO pursu-ant to the EPA’s rulemaking authority under the Clean Air Act went through the public notice and comment process, allowing all members of the public an opportunity to comment on the rule before it is finalized.’’ This finding confirms that there is no credible evidence supporting the propo-sition that Federal agencies engage in backroom deals with pro-regulatory groups in order to circumvent the EPA or to substantively bind the Agency in a subsequent rulemaking. In the absence of actual evidence of collusion between Federal agencies and plaintiffs, H.R. 712 addresses a non-existent problem through a series of re-quirements that are designed to under-mine the rule of law by preventing the enforcement of statutes that have been passed by Congress to protect the pub-lic and that are designed to slow down agency action and bust the door wide open to almost anyone who wants to impede agency action by intervening in these actions. Now, is it the working people, small- business owners, or retirees who are asking for this kind of relief from regu-lations that protect the health, safety, and well-being of them? No. It is not the people. It is the big corporations that want this legislation to pass. For example, H.R. 712 would allow for nearly any private party to intervene in a consent decree, revealing the legis-lation’s true purpose, which is to stack the deck in the industry’s favor in order to avoid the enforcement of the law. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, the only reason for the unprece-dented delay in agency rulemaking— the so-called diminishing transparency of the regulatory process—is that my Republican colleagues have argued that regulatory transparency is not important with regard to public par-ticipation in the rulemaking process. In a recent rulemaking process, mil-lions of Americans commented on a single proposed rulemaking. It rep-resented the largest public response in history to any request for public com-ment in a Federal rulemaking. Just last year alone, this extensive activity hardly suggests an agency process that is shrouded in secrecy and in need of reform. b1400 So with there being no evidence that consent decrees and settlements are collusion between Federal agencies and pro-human interest groups, there sim-ply is no need for this legislation. I would ask my colleagues to vote against this, to vote it down. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ), who is one of the chief sponsors of this legisla-tion. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for work-ing with us on this piece of legislation. If there is one thing that I hear most often from my constituents, it is the onslaught of Federal regulations to keep up, let alone interpret. Our con-stituents should not need a law degree or employ an army of consultants and accountants to understand the rules they are required to follow. Unfortu-nately, they do, which is why I am pleased the legislation we consider today addresses the lack of regulatory transparency and accountability. Title III of H.R. 712, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015, includes language from a bill that I introduced earlier this Con-gress. That bill, the Providing Ac-countability Through Transparency Act, provides a bipartisan and com-monsense reform to afford the Amer-ican people straightforward and com-prehensive access to rules proposed by our executive branch. Since enactment of the Administra-tive Procedure Act in 1946, Federal agencies have been required to keep the public informed of proposed rules and regulations. This law has provided an avenue for the public to access rules and regulations drafted across govern-ment agencies. Nevertheless, given their technical nature, it can be ex-tremely difficult to fully understand proposals unless one is an expert in that field. To help address this issue and pro-mote government transparency and ac-cessibility, title III of the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015 will require each Federal agency, when providing notice of a pro-posed rulemaking, to produce a Web link to a 100-word, plain-language sum-mary of the proposal. Accordingly, this requirement will provide access to reg-ulations in a more clear and consistent manner. Moreover, this reasonable proposal has already proven its effectiveness in my home State of Missouri. After hear-ing from local school districts and ad-ministrators struggling to implement State regulations for Common Core, the State enacted a measure requiring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.037 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H131 January 7, 2016 
each agency to provide online-acces-sible, plain-language summaries of pro-posed State regulations. Since enact-ment, the statute has been an excep-tional resource for Missouri localities, schools, organizations, and citizens. I think it would be just the same here for us here at the Federal level as well. Just by looking at the daily copy of the Federal Register, which I just hap-pen to have here from Monday, Decem-ber 28, it is a 519-page copy. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. D
OLD). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MARINO. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Mis-souri. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I thank the gentleman for the additional time. Basically, we have got 518 rules in one day, 18 pages of rules in one day. I think it is important that our citizens have access to these rules in a way that they can understand and a form they can access. I certainly urge its support. I thank the good chairman for his hard work on H.R. 712. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, my main concern with this bill is the pro-vision that would prevent a new regu-lation from taking effect until it has been available online for at least 6 months after the already exhaustive public notice and comment period that is required of new regulations. This may be a well-intended procedure, but it could potentially harm the very peo-ple that are in need of protection under some of the rules being promulgated. I know there is an exemption that may relate to health and safety that could include a Presidential action, but it requires us to know of an impending threat in order for that procedure to be utilized. I am thinking about what happened in my own hometown of Flint, Michi-gan, where people cannot wait 6 months for the Lead and Copper Rule, for example, which is under review right now, to be modified. Due to mis-management by the State government and the weakness in the Safe Drinking Water Act’s Lead and Copper Rule, thousands of children in Flint, Michi-gan, have been exposed to dangerous lead. Lead exposure is not good for anyone, but it is particularly dan-gerous for young children. According to the CDC, lead exposure is one of the most dangerous neurotoxins. It has wide-ranging im-pacts affecting IQ. There are behav-ioral implications. There are develop-mental implications for the central nervous system. It is heartbreaking, then, to see, as a result of the failure to adequately sup-ply support in regulation to drinking water programs, that levels of lead in my own hometown have poisoned chil-dren. Changes to the Lead and Copper Rule, which I have participated in and are underway right now, could have prevented this. Right now, as a matter of fact, those changes are pending. If this legislation is passed, basically what we are saying to the people of Flint and other potential communities that could have lead exposure is that we have to wait another 6 months for that protection, 6 more months poten-tially of dangerous lead leaching into the pipes, going into the bodies of young children. This notion that regulation is always wrong and always bad—I know that is not the position that is taken—but the effect of this legislation would be to slow down the regulatory process, very often regulations that need to be changed, need to be adjusted to provide essential protections to public health. The notion that we are supposed to somehow know that an imminent threat is present and allow this expe-dited process that is anticipated in this legislation belies logic. They didn’t know, until after blood levels showed increased lead levels in children, that such a problem existed. When we know that there are nec-essary changes, when the EPA, through its process, as they have done with the Lead and Copper Rule, know that there are ways to improve the protection to kids, we ought to implement those reg-ulations as soon as we possibly can. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), a member of the Judi-ciary Committee. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, right now there is probably a group of folks down the street at a large oak table in a marble palace, nibbling on their $16 Federal muffins, drinking their lattes, typing on their new iPads regulations. They are the regulators. The very term brings fear and trepi-dation into the hearts of people who work for a living. Meanwhile, 14 million Americans are sitting at their old kitchen table, drinking coffee from their Mr. Coffee pot with no job on the horizon. Small-business owners constantly say that complying with government regulations is the biggest economic problem they face, even more so than the Federal income tax. Bear in mind that we have the highest corporate in-come tax in the world. Some businesses pack up their bags and even move to places like China. Meanwhile, the U.S. regulators are put-ting businesses out of business. Now, Congress created the regu-lators, so Congress needs to fix the problem with the regulators. H.R. 712, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015, takes a number of commonsense approaches and puts a check on the regulators. Mr. Chairman, there are 175,000 pages of regulations. Do you really think we need that many regulations? One of the most important provisions of this bill is it will require the execu-tive branch to make semiannual and annual disclosures about planned regu-lations. A lot of times, the regulators don’t have any idea of the economic costs of their decisions and what they will have on the American economy. Many of them have never worked in private in-dustry. They have never been to the States that they are trying to regulate. This bill will force the regulators to de-termine the cost of their actions before they take action. These disclosures will help American job creators so they can plan for the impacts of the new regulations on their budgets, hiring, and operations. I urge support of this logical piece of legislation. Congress needs to rein in and regulate the regulators. And that is just the way it is. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), a member of the Judici-ary Committee and chairman of the Small Business Subcommittee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of this bill and commend my colleague from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) for his leadership on this very important issue. We all know that small businesses are the foundation of our economy, cre-ating 7 out of every 10 new jobs in the American economy. That is how many jobs are created by small businesses Mr. Chairman, we also hear from small businesses from all over Amer-ica, from our own congressional dis-tricts, that new and old regulatory bur-dens continue to make it more difficult for them to expand, grow, and create more jobs. The Constitution gives us the duty in the House of Representatives to pro-vide for the general welfare. If we allow this scheme of sue and settle litigation to continue suppressing economic and job growth, we are not doing our duty. What is this sue and settle that we are talking about? Well, very quickly, it refers to when a Federal agency agrees to a settlement agreement in a lawsuit from special interest groups, oftentimes groups on the left, to create priorities and rules outside of the nor-mal rulemaking process. The agency intentionally relinquishes statutory discretion by committing to timelines and priorities that often realign agency duties. Now, when agencies enter into con-sent decrees or settlement agreements and agree to issue new regulations, the rulemaking process is shortchanged. As chairman of the Committee on Small Business, I am particularly concerned that agencies are not adequately ana-lyzing the impacts of new rules on small businesses, as is required by the Regulatory Flexibility Act. That is ex-isting law. This results in unnecessary and costly regulatory burdens and dis-proportionately impacts small busi-nesses, the job generators of this coun-try. I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-port this legislation. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.039 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH132 January 7, 2016 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, when mankind first came upon this planet, I guess we were in caves and cavemen didn’t have many rules. It was only the strong who survived. It was every man for himself. There were no morals about things, whether or not it is right or wrong. It is just a matter of your own personal survival. That was caveman thinking, and, unfortu-nately, we still have caveman thinking in the 21st century because we have a crowd that says that we should not have any rules of human conduct. Isn’t it a fact that America is what it is now because of the rules that have been put in place to foster prosperity and freedom? That is what our govern-ment has done. It has been government of, by, and for the people. There has been a movement over the last 30, 40 years to turn people against government. This mantra is that gov-ernment is too big, we don’t need any rules to govern human conduct, let ev-erything work itself out, and the free market system will make it rain for everybody. Well, we have seen, after 30, 40 years of practicing that free market way of thinking, that it doesn’t work. Here we are still trying to cut the rules that guarantee the health, safety, and well- being of working people, of small busi-ness, of elderly people, and children. This is what this legislation is about, is gutting the rulemaking process. This is one of many attempts, incessant at-tempts, by my friends on the other side to try to cut government so that their friends in big business on Wall Street can make it rain for the rest of us. They don’t make it rain for anybody but themselves. They put all of the profits in their pockets. They become billionaires. We have had a shift of wealth away from the middle class and working people in this country. Let’s stop it from happening. Oppose this misguided legislation, H.R. 712. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ), a member of the Judi-ciary Committee Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the chairman of the Judiciary Committee and also the committee I am on, Natural Resources. This has been an ongoing issue, particularly in Natural Resources, when we come to the sue and settle situation. I appreciate my friend from Georgia pointing out that there are groups that don’t want rules, that are just out for themselves. I, too, was against the Oc-cupy Wall Street anarchy that was at-tempted. b1415 I have never stood here in support of Wall Street. I fought the Wall Street bailout tooth and nail when friends on the other side of the aisle, many of them, were supporting it. Both sides of the aisle supported it. I am not stand-ing here for Wall Street. I am standing here for fairness for American citizens across the country. That is what most people in both parties want. They want fairness. Here is a report that the tactic of sue and settle ‘‘reached a zenith in Fish and Wildlife’s 2011 mega-settlement with the Center for Biological Diver-sity, WildEarth Guardians, and other green groups over the species act. That agreement allowed Fish and Wildlife to claim it must take action on some 750 species covered by 85 legal actions. The deal’s immediate effect was to tee up 250 species for full protection, includ-ing sweeping ‘critical habitat’ designa-tions that will restrict commercial or other use of millions of acres of private property.’’ The problem is, when the judicial system is abused, and as a former liti-gator, judge, and chief justice, I know when litigants come before the court and they say, ‘‘We have reached an agreement, and here it is,’’ then the judge’s hands are normally tied, sign off on the agreement; but when it is a sympathetic group wanting to take away private property rights from pri-vate property owners, when they them-selves have done nothing to produce or make that land profitable, to do so un-fairly without proper notice by going behind the landowner’s back, filing a suit with a sympathetic agency like Fish and Wildlife, having the agreed judgment signed, and then all of a sud-den the most affected people were not given notice, they have their property rights taken away. I realize there were groups like Oc-cupy Wall Street that don’t want any-body having private property rights. Look, the Pilgrims tried it. It doesn’t work when you just have a socialist system, share and share alike, because when you pay people the same thing to work and not work, then eventually people quit working. This bill is about fairness. What is wrong with giving notice to all of the people involved and letting them par-ticipate? That is the right thing to do. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I am ready to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Members, H.R. 712, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act, would establish a 6-month morato-rium on new regulations, with limited exception, significantly delaying the rulemaking process by which agencies ensure that Americans are protected from serious harm, such as dirty air and water and unsafe products and reckless behavior by large financial in-stitutions. Not surprisingly, the White House has already issued a strong veto threat. The administration warns that H.R. 712 would undermine critical public health and safety protections, introduce need-less complexity and uncertainty in agency decisionmaking, and interfere with agency performance statutory mandates. There is simply no basis to support this ill-conceived legislation. Accord-ingly, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in op-posing H.R. 712. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MARINO. I yield myself the bal-ance of my time. Mr. Chairman, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle claim that this bill will make it too hard for Wash-ington bureaucrats to regulate and too cumbersome for Washington agencies to tell the American people what the agencies are up to. You might say they are claiming that this bill creates so much sunshine on our new regulations that Washington’s regulators will get sunburned if the bill is enacted. In the Obama administration’s pen and phone era of encroaching on Amer-icans’ liberties, that much new sun-shine is a good thing. In the Obama ad-ministration’s era of regulatory dic-tates that crush new jobs and prevent higher wages, the new sunshine is des-perately needed. A central reason why the Obama ad-ministration has failed to deliver pros-perity and security to our Nation is the administration’s unprecedented ava-lanche of new and costly regulations. This regulatory onslaught is the big reason why we have just concluded 8 years of zero real wage growth for America’s workers and families. It is a critical reason why 94 million Ameri-cans above the age of 16 are out of the workforce. It is an unmistakable rea-son why we are still missing the almost 6 million more new jobs Americans would have had if the so-called Obama recovery had just been as strong as the average recovery since World War II. This bill combats the Obama admin-istration’s regulatory assault on jobs and wages with commonsense measures we all should support. I urge my col-leagues to join me in voting for this bill to help deliver new jobs and better wages to America’s workers and fami-lies. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 712, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settle-ments Act. Rather than a good-faith effort to improve our regulatory process, this bill would add unworkable new requirements on federal agencies that could impede critical efforts to safeguard public health, the environment, and other national priorities. I was pleased, however, that this bill in-cludes provisions from the Providing Account-ability Through Transparency Act (H.R. 690), which I introduced with my colleague Rep. L
UETKEMEYER . This bipartisan proposal would ensure that new federal rules include a brief, plain-language summary so that the public can better understand the proposed action. While I cannot support H.R. 712, I hope that we can continue to work across the aisle on this com-monsense initiative that will enhance public understanding of important federal efforts in public health, consumer rights, environmental protection, and other areas. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.040 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H133 January 7, 2016 
It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of the Rules Committee Print 114–37. That amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 712 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled. 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sunshine for Regulations and Regulatory Decrees and Settle-ments Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—SUNSHINE FOR REGULATORY DECREES AND SETTLEMENTS Sec. 101. Short title. Sec. 102. Definitions. Sec. 103. Consent decree and settlement reform. Sec. 104. Motions to modify consent decrees. Sec. 105. Effective date. TITLE II—ALL ECONOMIC REGULATIONS ARE TRANSPARENT Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. Office of information and regulatory affairs publication of information relating to rules. TITLE III—PROVIDING ACCOUNTABILITY THROUGH TRANSPARENCY Sec. 301. Short title. Sec. 302. Requirement to post a 100 word sum-mary to regulations.gov. TITLE I—SUNSHINE FOR REGULATORY DECREES AND SETTLEMENTS 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Sunshine for Regulations and Regulatory Decrees and Settle-ments Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 102. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the terms ‘‘agency’’ and ‘‘agency action’’ have the meanings given those terms under sec-tion 551 of title 5, United States Code; (2) the term ‘‘covered civil action’’ means a civil action— (A) seeking to compel agency action; (B) alleging that the agency is unlawfully withholding or unreasonably delaying an agen-cy action relating to a regulatory action that would affect the rights of— (i) private persons other than the person bringing the action; or (ii) a State, local, or tribal government; and (C) brought under— (i) chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code; or (ii) any other statute authorizing such an ac-tion; (3) the term ‘‘covered consent decree’’ means— (A) a consent decree entered into in a covered civil action; and (B) any other consent decree that requires agency action relating to a regulatory action that affects the rights of— (i) private persons other than the person bringing the action; or (ii) a State, local, or tribal government; (4) the term ‘‘covered consent decree or settle-ment agreement’’ means a covered consent de-cree and a covered settlement agreement; and (5) the term ‘‘covered settlement agreement’’ means— (A) a settlement agreement entered into in a covered civil action; and (B) any other settlement agreement that re-quires agency action relating to a regulatory ac-tion that affects the rights of— (i) private persons other than the person bringing the action; or (ii) a State, local, or tribal government. SEC. 103. CONSENT DECREE AND SETTLEMENT REFORM. 
(a) P LEADINGS AND PRELIMINARY MATTERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In any covered civil action, the agency against which the covered civil ac-tion is brought shall publish the notice of intent to sue and the complaint in a readily accessible manner, including by making the notice of in-tent to sue and the complaint available online not later than 15 days after receiving service of the notice of intent to sue or complaint, respec-tively. (2) E
NTRY OF A COVERED CONSENT DECREE OR  
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .—A party may not make a motion for entry of a covered consent decree or to dismiss a civil action pursuant to a covered settlement agreement until after the end of proceedings in accordance with paragraph (1) and subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2) of subsection (d) or subsection (d)(3)(A), whichever is later. (b) I
NTERVENTION .— (1) R
EBUTTABLE PRESUMPTION .—In consid-ering a motion to intervene in a covered civil ac-tion or a civil action in which a covered consent decree or settlement agreement has been pro-posed that is filed by a person who alleges that the agency action in dispute would affect the person, the court shall presume, subject to re-buttal, that the interests of the person would not be represented adequately by the existing parties to the action. (2) S
TATE, LOCAL , AND TRIBAL GOVERN -
MENTS .—In considering a motion to intervene in a covered civil action or a civil action in which a covered consent decree or settlement agree-ment has been proposed that is filed by a State, local, or tribal government, the court shall take due account of whether the movant— (A) administers jointly with an agency that is a defendant in the action the statutory provi-sions that give rise to the regulatory action to which the action relates; or (B) administers an authority under State, local, or tribal law that would be preempted by the regulatory action to which the action re-lates. (c) S
ETTLEMENT NEGOTIATIONS .—Efforts to settle a covered civil action or otherwise reach an agreement on a covered consent decree or settlement agreement shall— (1) be conducted pursuant to the mediation or alternative dispute resolution program of the court or by a district judge other than the pre-siding judge, magistrate judge, or special mas-ter, as determined appropriate by the presiding judge; and (2) include any party that intervenes in the action. (d) P
UBLICATION OF AND COMMENT ON COV-
ERED CONSENT DECREES OR SETTLEMENT AGREE-
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days before the date on which a covered consent decree or settlement agreement is filed with a court, the agency seeking to enter the covered consent de-cree or settlement agreement shall publish in the Federal Register and online— (A) the proposed covered consent decree or settlement agreement; and (B) a statement providing— (i) the statutory basis for the covered consent decree or settlement agreement; and (ii) a description of the terms of the covered consent decree or settlement agreement, includ-ing whether it provides for the award of attor-neys’ fees or costs and, if so, the basis for in-cluding the award. (2) P
UBLIC COMMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An agency seeking to enter a covered consent decree or settlement agree-ment shall accept public comment during the pe-riod described in paragraph (1) on any issue re-lating to the matters alleged in the complaint in the applicable civil action or addressed or af-fected by the proposed covered consent decree or settlement agreement. (B) RESPONSE TO COMMENTS .—An agency shall respond to any comment received under subparagraph (A). (C) S
UBMISSIONS TO COURT .—When moving that the court enter a proposed covered consent decree or settlement agreement or for dismissal pursuant to a proposed covered consent decree or settlement agreement, an agency shall— (i) inform the court of the statutory basis for the proposed covered consent decree or settle-ment agreement and its terms; (ii) submit to the court a summary of the com-ments received under subparagraph (A) and the response of the agency to the comments; (iii) submit to the court a certified index of the administrative record of the notice and comment proceeding; and (iv) make the administrative record described in clause (iii) fully accessible to the court. (D) I
NCLUSION IN RECORD .—The court shall in-clude in the court record for a civil action the certified index of the administrative record sub-mitted by an agency under subparagraph (C)(iii) and any documents listed in the index which any party or amicus curiae appearing be-fore the court in the action submits to the court. (3) P
UBLIC HEARINGS PERMITTED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—After providing notice in the Federal Register and online, an agency may hold a public hearing regarding whether to enter into a proposed covered consent decree or settlement agreement. (B) R
ECORD .—If an agency holds a public hearing under subparagraph (A)— (i) the agency shall— (I) submit to the court a summary of the pro-ceedings; (II) submit to the court a certified index of the hearing record; and (III) provide access to the hearing record to the court; and (ii) the full hearing record shall be included in the court record. (4) M
ANDATORY DEADLINES .—If a proposed covered consent decree or settlement agreement requires an agency action by a date certain, the agency shall, when moving for entry of the cov-ered consent decree or settlement agreement or dismissal based on the covered consent decree or settlement agreement, inform the court of— (A) any required regulatory action the agency has not taken that the covered consent decree or settlement agreement does not address; (B) how the covered consent decree or settle-ment agreement, if approved, would affect the discharge of the duties described in subpara-graph (A); and (C) why the effects of the covered consent de-cree or settlement agreement on the manner in which the agency discharges its duties is in the public interest. (e) S
UBMISSION BY THE GOVERNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For any proposed covered consent decree or settlement agreement that con-tains a term described in paragraph (2), the At-torney General or, if the matter is being litigated independently by an agency, the head of the agency shall submit to the court a certification that the Attorney General or head of the agency approves the proposed covered consent decree or settlement agreement. The Attorney General or head of the agency shall personally sign any certification submitted under this paragraph. (2) T
ERMS .—A term described in this para-graph is— (A) in the case of a covered consent decree, a term that— (i) converts into a nondiscretionary duty a discretionary authority of an agency to propose, promulgate, revise, or amend regulations; (ii) commits an agency to expend funds that have not been appropriated and that have not been budgeted for the regulatory action in ques-tion; (iii) commits an agency to seek a particular appropriation or budget authorization; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.042 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH134 January 7, 2016 
(iv) divests an agency of discretion committed to the agency by statute or the Constitution of the United States, without regard to whether the discretion was granted to respond to chang-ing circumstances, to make policy or managerial choices, or to protect the rights of third parties; or (v) otherwise affords relief that the court could not enter under its own authority upon a final judgment in the civil action; or (B) in the case of a covered settlement agree-ment, a term— (i) that provides a remedy for a failure by the agency to comply with the terms of the covered settlement agreement other than the revival of the civil action resolved by the covered settle-ment agreement; and (ii) that— (I) interferes with the authority of an agency to revise, amend, or issue rules under the proce-dures set forth in chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, or any other statute or Executive order prescribing rulemaking procedures for a rulemaking that is the subject of the covered set-tlement agreement; (II) commits the agency to expend funds that have not been appropriated and that have not been budgeted for the regulatory action in ques-tion; or (III) for such a covered settlement agreement that commits the agency to exercise in a par-ticular way discretion which was committed to the agency by statute or the Constitution of the United States to respond to changing cir-cumstances, to make policy or managerial choices, or to protect the rights of third parties. (f) R
EVIEW BY COURT .— (1) A
MICUS .—A court considering a proposed covered consent decree or settlement agreement shall presume, subject to rebuttal, that it is proper to allow amicus participation relating to the covered consent decree or settlement agree-ment by any person who filed public comments or participated in a public hearing on the cov-ered consent decree or settlement agreement under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (d). (2) R
EVIEW OF DEADLINES .— (A) P
ROPOSED COVERED CONSENT DECREES .— For a proposed covered consent decree, a court shall not approve the covered consent decree unless the proposed covered consent decree al-lows sufficient time and incorporates adequate procedures for the agency to comply with chap-ter 5 of title 5, United States Code, and other applicable statutes that govern rulemaking and, unless contrary to the public interest, the provi-sions of any Executive order that governs rule-making. (B) P
ROPOSED COVERED SETTLEMENT AGREE -
MENTS .—For a proposed covered settlement agreement, a court shall ensure that the covered settlement agreement allows sufficient time and incorporates adequate procedures for the agency to comply with chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, and other applicable statutes that govern rulemaking and, unless contrary to the public interest, the provisions of any Executive order that governs rulemaking. (g) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Each agency shall sub-mit to Congress an annual report that, for the year covered by the report, includes— (1) the number, identity, and content of cov-ered civil actions brought against and covered consent decrees or settlement agreements entered against or into by the agency; and (2) a description of the statutory basis for— (A) each covered consent decree or settlement agreement entered against or into by the agen-cy; and (B) any award of attorneys fees or costs in a civil action resolved by a covered consent decree or settlement agreement entered against or into by the agency. 
SEC. 104. MOTIONS TO MODIFY CONSENT DE-CREES. 
If an agency moves a court to modify a cov-ered consent decree or settlement agreement and the basis of the motion is that the terms of the covered consent decree or settlement agreement are no longer fully in the public interest due to the obligations of the agency to fulfill other du-ties or due to changed facts and circumstances, the court shall review the motion and the cov-ered consent decree or settlement agreement de novo. SEC. 105. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title shall apply to— (1) any covered civil action filed on or after the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) any covered consent decree or settlement agreement proposed to a court on or after the date of enactment of this Act. TITLE II—ALL ECONOMIC REGULATIONS ARE TRANSPARENT 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘All Economic Regulations are Transparent Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘ALERT Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 202. OFFICE OF INFORMATION AND REGU-LATORY AFFAIRS PUBLICATION OF INFORMATION RELATING TO RULES. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 6, the fol-lowing new chapter: ‘‘CHAPTER 6A—OFFICE OF INFORMATION AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS PUBLICA-TION OF INFORMATION RELATING TO RULES ‘‘Sec. 651. Agency monthly submission to office of information and regulatory af-fairs. ‘‘Sec. 652. Office of information and regulatory affairs publications. ‘‘Sec. 653. Requirement for rules to appear in agency-specific monthly publica-tion. ‘‘Sec. 654. Definitions. 
‘‘SEC. 651. AGENCY MONTHLY SUBMISSION TO OF-FICE OF INFORMATION AND REGU-LATORY AFFAIRS. 
‘‘On a monthly basis, the head of each agency shall submit to the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (referred to in this chapter as the ‘Administrator’), in such a manner as the Administrator may rea-sonably require, the following information: ‘‘(1) For each rule that the agency expects to propose or finalize during the following year: ‘‘(A) A summary of the nature of the rule, in-cluding the regulation identifier number and the docket number for the rule. ‘‘(B) The objectives of and legal basis for the issuance of the rule, including— ‘‘(i) any statutory or judicial deadline; and ‘‘(ii) whether the legal basis restricts or pre-cludes the agency from conducting an analysis of the costs or benefits of the rule during the rule making, and if not, whether the agency plans to conduct an analysis of the costs or ben-efits of the rule during the rule making. ‘‘(C) Whether the agency plans to claim an exemption from the requirements of section 553 pursuant to section 553(b)(B). ‘‘(D) The stage of the rule making as of the date of submission. ‘‘(E) Whether the rule is subject to review under section 610. ‘‘(2) For any rule for which the agency ex-pects to finalize during the following year and has issued a general notice of proposed rule making— ‘‘(A) an approximate schedule for completing action on the rule; ‘‘(B) an estimate of whether the rule will cost— ‘‘(i) less than $50,000,000; ‘‘(ii) $50,000,000 or more but less than $100,000,000; ‘‘(iii) $100,000,000 or more but less than $500,000,000; ‘‘(iv) $500,000,000 or more but less than $1,000,000,000; ‘‘(v) $1,000,000,000 or more but less than $5,000,000,000; ‘‘(vi) $5,000,000,000 or more but less than $10,000,000,000; or ‘‘(vii) $10,000,000,000 or more; and ‘‘(C) any estimate of the economic effects of the rule, including any estimate of the net effect that the rule will have on the number of jobs in the United States, that was considered in draft-ing the rule. If such estimate is not available, a statement affirming that no information on the economic effects, including the effect on the number of jobs, of the rule has been considered. ‘‘SEC. 652. OFFICE OF INFORMATION AND REGU-LATORY AFFAIRS PUBLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A GENCY -SPECIFIC INFORMATION PUB-
LISHED MONTHLY .—Not later than 30 days after the submission of information pursuant to sec-tion 651, the Administrator shall make such in-formation publicly available on the Internet. ‘‘(b) C
UMULATIVE ASSESSMENT OF AGENCY  R
ULEMAKING PUBLISHED ANNUALLY .— ‘‘(1) P
UBLICATION IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER .— Not later than October 1 of each year, the Ad-ministrator shall publish in the Federal Reg-ister, for the previous year the following: ‘‘(A) The information that the Administrator received from the head of each agency under section 651. ‘‘(B) The number of rules and a list of each such rule— ‘‘(i) that was proposed by each agency, in-cluding, for each such rule, an indication of whether the issuing agency conducted an anal-ysis of the costs or benefits of the rule; and ‘‘(ii) that was finalized by each agency, in-cluding for each such rule an indication of whether— ‘‘(I) the issuing agency conducted an analysis of the costs or benefits of the rule; ‘‘(II) the agency claimed an exemption from the procedures under section 553 pursuant to section 553(b)(B); and ‘‘(III) the rule was issued pursuant to a statu-tory mandate or the rule making is committed to agency discretion by law. ‘‘(C) The number of agency actions and a list of each such action taken by each agency that— ‘‘(i) repealed a rule; ‘‘(ii) reduced the scope of a rule; ‘‘(iii) reduced the cost of a rule; or ‘‘(iv) accelerated the expiration date of a rule. ‘‘(D) The total cost (without reducing the cost by any offsetting benefits) of all rules proposed or finalized, and the number of rules for which an estimate of the cost of the rule was not avail-able. ‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION ON THE INTERNET .—Not later than October 1 of each year, the Adminis-trator shall make publicly available on the Internet the following: ‘‘(A) The analysis of the costs or benefits, if conducted, for each proposed rule or final rule issued by an agency for the previous year. ‘‘(B) The docket number and regulation iden-tifier number for each proposed or final rule issued by an agency for the previous year. ‘‘(C) The number of rules and a list of each such rule reviewed by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget for the previous year, and the authority under which each such review was conducted. ‘‘(D) The number of rules and a list of each such rule for which the head of an agency com-pleted a review under section 610 for the pre-vious year. ‘‘(E) The number of rules and a list of each such rule submitted to the Comptroller General under section 801. ‘‘(F) The number of rules and a list of each such rule for which a resolution of disapproval was introduced in either the House of Rep-resentatives or the Senate under section 802. 
‘‘SEC. 653. REQUIREMENT FOR RULES TO APPEAR IN AGENCY-SPECIFIC MONTHLY PUB-LICATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), a rule may not take effect until the information required to be made publicly available on the Internet regarding such rule pursuant to section 652(a) has been so available for not less than 6 months. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.016 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H135 January 7, 2016 
‘‘(b) E XCEPTIONS .—The requirement of sub-section (a) shall not apply in the case of a rule— ‘‘(1) for which the agency issuing the rule claims an exception under section 553(b)(B); or ‘‘(2) which the President determines by Execu-tive order should take effect because the rule is— ‘‘(A) necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety or other emergency; ‘‘(B) necessary for the enforcement of criminal laws; ‘‘(C) necessary for national security; or ‘‘(D) issued pursuant to any statute imple-menting an international trade agreement. 
‘‘SEC. 654. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this chapter, the terms ‘agency’, ‘agency action’, ‘rule’, and ‘rule making’ have the meanings given those terms in section 551.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for part I of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 5, the fol-lowing: ‘‘6. The Analysis of Regulatory Func-tions ............................................. 601‘‘6A. Office of Information and Regu-latory Affairs Publication of Infor-mation Relating to Rules ................ 651’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) A
GENCY MONTHLY SUBMISSION TO THE OF -
FICE OF INFORMATION AND REGULATORY AF -
FAIRS .—The first submission required pursuant to section 651 of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall be submitted not later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and monthly thereafter. (2) C
UMULATIVE ASSESSMENT OF AGENCY RULE  
MAKING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 652 of title 5, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), shall take effect on the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) D
EADLINE .—The first requirement to pub-lish or make available, as the case may be, under subsection (b) of section 652 of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall be the first October 1 after the effective date of such subsection. (C) F
IRST PUBLICATION .—The requirement under section 652(b)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall include for the first publication, any analysis of the costs or benefits conducted for a proposed or final rule, for the 10 years before the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) R
EQUIREMENT FOR RULES TO APPEAR IN  
AGENCY -SPECIFIC MONTHLY PUBLICATION .—Sec- tion 653 of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall take effect on the date that is 8 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE III—PROVIDING ACCOUNTABILITY THROUGH TRANSPARENCY 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Providing Ac-countability Through Transparency Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 302. REQUIREMENT TO POST A 100 WORD SUMMARY TO REGULATIONS.GOV. 
Section 553(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘;’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) the internet address of a summary of not more than 100 words in length of the proposed rule, in plain language, that shall be posted on the internet website under section 206(d) of the E-Government Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note) (commonly known as regulations.gov);’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 114–388. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MARINO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 114–388. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 16, line 5, strike the comma after ‘‘chapter 6’’. Page 16, after line 10, strike the table of sections for chapter 6A of title 5, United States Code, as inserted by section 202(a) of the bill, and insert the following: ‘‘651. Agency monthly submission to Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs. ‘‘652. Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs publications. ‘‘653. Requirement for rules to appear in agency-specific monthly publi-cation. ‘‘654. Definitions. Page 16, line 11, strike ‘‘
SEC. 651. AGENCY  
MONTHLY SUBMISSION TO OFFICE OF INFORMA -
TION AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS .’’ and insert ‘‘§ 651. Agency monthly submission to Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs ’’. Page 16, line 19, strike ‘‘following year’’ and insert ‘‘12-month period following the month covered by the monthly submission’’. Page 17, line 19, strike ‘‘for which’’ and in-sert ‘‘that’’. Page 17, line 20, strike ‘‘the following year and has issued’’ and insert ‘‘the 12-month pe-riod following the month covered by the monthly submission and for which the agen-cy has issued’’. Page 18, line 17, strike ‘‘rule. If such esti-mate is not’’ and insert ‘‘rule, or, if no such estimate is’’. Page 18, line 22, strike ‘‘
SEC. 652. OFFICE OF  
INFORMATION AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS PUBLI -
CATIONS .’’ and insert ‘‘§ 652. Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs publications ’’. Page 19, line 8, insert after a comma ‘‘shall publish’’. Page 19, line 9, strike ‘‘for the previous year the following:’’ and insert the following: ‘‘the following, with respect to the previous year:’’. Page 22, line 1, strike ‘‘
SEC. 653. REQUIRE -
MENT FOR RULES TO APPEAR IN AGENCY -SPECIFIC  
MONTHLY PUBLICATION .’’ and insert ‘‘§ 653. Re- quirement for rules to appear in agency-spe-cific monthly publication’’. Page 22, line 21, strike ‘‘
SEC. 654. DEFINI -
TIONS .’’ and insert ‘‘§ 654. Definitions’’. Page 23, line 2, strike the comma after ‘‘chapter 5’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I offer this amendment with my col-league, Chairman CHAFFETZ , as a man-ager’s amendment to the bill. The amendment makes a small number of revisions in the nature of technical and conforming changes to clarify revisions that state deadlines, reformat section nomenclature and headings, and im-prove typography or grammar. The amendment constitutes an agreement reached between the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the other committee of jurisdiction, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 114–388. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
In the table of contents of the bill, insert after item pertaining to section 302 the fol-lowing: TITLE IV—GENERAL EXEMPTION FOR CERTAIN RULES Sec. 401. Exemption of certain rules, and consent decrees or settlement agreements, from the provi-sions of this Act. Add, at the end of the bill, the following: TITLE IV—GENERAL EXEMPTION FOR CERTAIN RULES 
SEC. 401. EXEMPTION OF CERTAIN RULES, AND CONSENT DECREES OR SETTLE-MENT AGREEMENTS, FROM THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ACT. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the provisions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall not apply in the case of a rule that the Director of the Office of Management and Budget de-termines would result in net job creation and whose benefits exceeds its cost, or a consent decree or settlement agreement pertaining to such a rule. In the case of such a rule, con-sent decree, or settlement agreement, the provisions of law amended by this Act shall apply as though such amendments had not been made. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I thank you for the opportunity to speak in support of my amendment to H.R. 712. H.R. 712 would significantly delay and possibly stop the Federal rule-making process by making it easier for regulated industries and well-funded 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.016 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH136 January 7, 2016 
antiregulatory entities to delay or pre-vent agency action and prohibiting any rule from being finalized until certain information is posted online for 6 months. This assault on the regulations is based on the false premise that Federal regulation stifles economic growth and job creation. My amendment confronts this fallacious assumption by excepting from H.R. 712 all rules that the Office of Management and Budget determines would result in net job creation. As with many other deregulatory bills we have considered this Congress, the proponents of H.R. 712 argue that it will grow the economy, create jobs, and increase America’s competitiveness internationally, but we cannot pretend that this politicized legislation is about economic growth or American prosperity. As I have noted during the consider-ation of each of the antiregulatory bills that we have considered in the 114th Congress, there is simply no cred-ible evidence in support of the reiter-ation of so-called job-killing regula-tions undermining economic growth. Zero. The latest report from the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics shows that un-employment has fallen to 5 percent de-spite Republican obstruction of every-thing that Democrats have put forward that would grow the economy. While there is more work to do to grow the economy and help our Na-tion’s middle class, there have been 69 straight months of private sector job growth. That is 13.7 million private sector jobs created amidst a regulatory system that is pro-worker, pro-environ-ment, pro-public health, and pro-inno-vation. And to those who would brush aside these strong employment figures, the Department of Labor has also reported that claims for unemployment benefits have dropped to the lowest levels in over 40 years. While I would submit that regula-tions passed during the Obama admin-istration have had a largely positive ef-fect on sustainable economic growth, the reality is that there is little cor-relation between regulations and the economy. Don’t just take my word for it. Take the word of the San Francisco and New York Federal Reserve Banks, which found zero correlation between employ-ment and regulation. Take the word of The Washington Post, which gave two Pinocchios to industry estimates of the cost of regulations earlier this year. Take the word of the nonpartisan Con-gressional Research Service, which has debunked claims that regulations have a trillion-dollar cost to the economy. Mr. Chairman, we need real solutions to help real people, not another thinly veiled handout to large corporations. I ask that my colleagues support my amendment to protect jobs. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I share the gentleman’s concerns about the im-pact of regulations on jobs, but I sub-mit that the right way to address that concern is to join me in supporting the bill. The bill includes transparency re-quirements sure to increase public pressure on agencies to make sure that contemplated new regulations do not have unnecessary, adverse impacts on job creation. To exempt regulations from that pressure would make our regulatory system less protective of jobs, not more. Indeed, the gentleman’s amendment would give the executive branch a powerful incentive to manipu-late its jobs impact and cost-benefit analyses to give false impressions that avoid the requirements of the bill. b1430 The amendment also puts the cart before the horse. It offers carve-outs from the bill based on factors that can-not be determined adequately before important analytical requirements in existing statutes and executive orders governing the rulemaking process are applied in the first place. Specific provisions in the bill—for ex-ample, judicial review provisions in title I for proposed consent decrees and settlement agreements—are designed to protect the proper application of those analytical requirements. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, they talk about all of the regula-tions that have been promulgated dur-ing the Obama administration as if the Obama administration is the only ad-ministration that has promulgated rules of conduct. Certainly we have had rules associ-ated with the unveiling of the very suc-cessful Affordable Care Act. There were a lot of rules put into place to prevent insurance companies from taking ad-vantage of people. Preexisting conditions are outlawed. All of these are regulations that were associated with the Affordable Care Act. We have parents being able to keep their kids on their insurance up to the age of 26 and no discrimination between men and women. Those were rules that have stimu-lated jobs in America because 22 mil-lion people who did not have access to the healthcare system now have access to it. More jobs have arisen because of that. That is a direct result of regula-tions. The same thing with Dodd-Frank, which protects people from Wall Street overreach. Those rules have created op-portunities for small businesses to come in and start creating real jobs in America. So rules are good for our society. This legislation cuts that ability to create wealth for everyone else. So I would ask that this amendment be ap-proved by my colleagues. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, the ar-guments on both sides have been cre-ative, at the very least, but I would like to bring to everyone’s attention an article by the National Association of Manufacturers, which is in very simple figures. This is a survey of manufacturers: ‘‘What would you do with funds cur-rently allocated to Federal regulatory compliance?’’ Sixty-three percent said they would invest. 22 percent said they would invest in employee initiatives, creating jobs. I ask my colleagues to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . CUMMINGS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 114–388. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 16, strike the table of sections for chapter 6A of title 5, United States Code, as inserted by section 202(a) of the bill, and in-sert the following: ‘‘651. Agency monthly submission to Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs. ‘‘652. Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs publications. ‘‘653. Definitions. Page 22, strike line 1, and all that follows through line 20. amend the table of contents accordingly. Page 22, line 21, strike ‘‘
SEC. 654. DEFINI -
TIONS .’’ and insert ‘‘§ 653. Definitions’’. Page 24, strike line 8 and all that follows through line 12. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. My amendment, cosponsored by Gov-ernment Operations Subcommittee Ranking Member G
ERRY CONNOLLY , would strike the 6-month moratorium on rules imposed by the bill. Title II of this bill prohibits an agen-cy rule from taking effect until 6 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.046 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H137 January 7, 2016 
months after agencies submit informa-tion the bill requires to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs and that office posts this information on the Internet. Under the bill, if the Office of Infor-mation and Regulatory Affairs fails to post any of the required information, a rule would be prohibited from taking effect. This is an arbitrary morato-rium. The bill allows for only two excep-tions. One exception is if the agency exempts a rule from the notice and comment requirements of the Adminis-trative Procedure Act. The other ex-ception is if the President issues an ex-ecutive order requiring a rule to take effect. This bill covers all agency rulemakings, including rules needed to protect our health, safety, and our en-vironment. For example, this bill would cover rules like the one recently published by the Department of Justice that clarifies who is responsible for re-porting to law enforcement that a gun has been lost or stolen in transit. Our country doesn’t need an unneces-sary 6-month delay in putting in place a commonsense safety rule like this one. The bill’s 6-month moratorium ex-poses this bill for what it really is, which is a way to delay agency rules. My amendment would remove this pro-vision in the underlying bill. I urge all Members to adopt my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, as Fed-eral regulatory agencies attempt to pile more and more regulatory burdens on America’s struggling workers, fami-lies, and small businesses, the least we can ask is that they be transparent about it. What could be more transparent than requiring them on a monthly basis, on-line, to update the public with realtime information about what new regula-tions are coming and how much they will cost? Once they have that information, af-fected individuals and job creators will be able to plan and budget meaning-fully for new costs they may have to absorb. If they are denied that informa-tion, they will only be blindsided. That is not fair. Title II of the bill makes sure this in-formation is provided to the public. To provide a strong incentive to agencies to honor its requirements, title II pro-hibits new regulations from becoming effective unless agencies provide trans-parent information online for 6 months preceding the regulation’s issuance. The amendment seeks to eliminate that incentive. Without an incentive like that in existing law, what have we seen from the Obama administration? Repeated failures to make disclosures required by statute and executive order, including the administration’s year-long hiding of the ball on new reg-ulations during the 2012 election cycle. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, again, I would urge Members to vote in favor of this amendment. Again, we have a situation here where this 6- month moratorium is another way of blocking the rulemaking process. I think it is very unfortunate in this time. I think, if we are talking about transparency, we need to be trans-parent about why we have this morato-rium. The fact is that it is an effort to stop important rulemakings from tak-ing place. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I have some information I would like to bring to the attention of the Members. It is a document from Investor’s Business Daily. It is a very simple statement, but it is a very large fact: If we had a Reagan-paced job recovery, we would today have at least 12 million more Americans working. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 114–388. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 18, line 12, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 18, line 21, strike the period and in-sert ‘‘; and’’. Page 18, after line 21, insert the following: ‘‘(D) any estimate of the benefits of the rule. Page 20, after line 21, insert the following: ‘‘(E) The total benefits of all rules pro-posed or finalized, and the number of rules for which an estimate of the benefits of the rule was not available. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My amendment would improve title II of H.R. 712 to ensure that the effec-tiveness of agency regulations are not solely evaluated by the basis of the cost to industry. Rather, the primary importance of agency rulemaking to the improved health, safety, and security of the American people demands that we also consider the significant benefits of agency regulations in analyzing wheth-er or not they contribute to protecting the public and promoting the general welfare. In particular, my amendment would require Federal agencies to provide an estimate of the individual benefits of a proposed regulation, just as H.R. 712 currently requires them to report indi-vidual regulatory costs. This amendment would also require the Office of Information and Regu-latory Affairs to include the total ben-efits of proposed and final agency rules in the annual report that it would be required to issue under H.R. 712. In its current form, the underlying bill expressly provides that the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs must publish only the total cost of all proposed and finalized agency rules without reducing the cost by any off-setting benefits in its calculation of the cumulative cost of agency regula-tions. Not surprisingly, the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards has issued a for-mal opposition letter to the language that is included as title II of H.R. 712. The Coalition is an alliance of over 150 businesses, consumer protection, labor, environmental, and good government groups that includes the American Sus-tainable Business Council and its 200,000 member businesses. According to the Coalition: ‘‘This bill’s one-sided focus on regulatory costs provides a highly distorted pic-ture of the value of critical safeguards that all Americans depend on . . . By focusing exclusively on regulatory costs, this bill gives the misleading im-pression that regulations are an ines-capable drain on the American econ-omy.’’ The recent draft report of the costs and benefits of major Federal regula-tions issued by the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs in October 2015 serves to further illustrate the transparency that is lacking when we only consider the costs associated with an agency regulation. Among its principal findings, the re-port provides that, from October 2004 through September 2014, spanning both Republican and Democratic adminis-trations, Federal agencies estimated the aggregate benefits of major Federal regulations to range between $216 bil-lion and $812 billion. In stark contrast, the approximate annual cost of major Federal regulations ranges between $57 billion and $85 billion. Importantly, several Clean Air rules promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency’s Office of Air and Radiation have significantly high esti-mated benefits that are attributable to the reduction in public exposure to air pollutants. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.049 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH138 January 7, 2016 
According to the report, the Clean Air Fine Particle Rule of 2007 had bene-fits ranging from $19 billion to $167 bil-lion per year. These regulatory benefits would not be considered under H.R. 712. Other health and safety rules were similarly identified as having a sizable benefit on the American people. Pa-tient safety rules that address dietary supplement oversight, medical error, and safety requirements for long-term care facilities had estimated benefits between $13 billion and $17 billion per year. Transportation-related safety rules designed to reduce the risk of injury and death associated with airplane, ve-hicle, and train travel had estimated benefits of between $16 billion and $28 billion per year. These regulatory bene-fits would not be considered under H.R. 712, as currently drafted. Mr. Chairman, if our goal is to maxi-mize transparency in the regulatory process, we can’t simply give the American people and this Congress one side of the story. Rather, full transparency and in-formed decisionmaking require that our analysis does not only include the regulatory costs, but also the extent to which an agency bill improves and pro-tects the health, safety, and security of the American people. My amendment would ensure that this was the case. b1445 Mr. Chairman, it is the primary mis-sion of every Federal agency to protect the American public from harmful and developing situations, whether we are talking about a new prescription pain-killer on the market that the FDA finds to be highly addictive, or an emerging financial practice that the Securities and Exchange Commission determines is predatory on American consumers, or dangerous materials that the Environmental Protection Agency deems to be an imminent pub-lic hazard. That public mission is severely un-dermined if the merits of an agency regulation are evaluated solely on the basis of costs to the industry and at the expense of the significant benefits to the American people. Again, in closing, I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I re-spectfully rise in opposition to the gen-tleman’s amendment The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. I welcome the gentle-man’s belief that new regulations can actually create benefits. I also share the gentleman’s interest in ensuring that the public ultimately knows what those benefits are. The bill, however, does nothing to re-strict or prevent the publication of in-formation about the benefits of new rules. It is intended to address what has been lacking in administration publications about new rules: accurate, real-time information about the true nature, timing, and cost of new rules. That information is essential to those who must bear the burden of the rules so that they can plan, hire, and budget consistent with impending new legal requirements. Furthermore, the gentleman’s amendment would needlessly expose new regulations to the bill’s enforce-ment provisions, delaying promulga-tion of beneficial rules simply because pre-promulgation statements and ex-pected benefits were lacking. Mr. Chairman, I constantly spend time in my district in factories because I came from manufacturing, talking to small-business people, and the number one issue concerning their livelihoods and others is overregulation crushing jobs for middle class Americans. As a result, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . FOXX  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 114–388. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 18, line 14, insert after ‘‘including’’ the following: ‘‘the imposition of unfunded mandates and’’. Page 20, line 19, insert after ‘‘or finalized,’’ the following: ‘‘the total cost of any un-funded mandates imposed by all such rules,’’. Page 22, line 24, insert after ‘‘section 551’’ the following: ‘‘, and the term ‘unfunded mandate’ has the meaning given the term ‘Federal mandate’ in section 421(6) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 658(6)).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from North Carolina. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, this amendment to title II, the ALERT Act, ensures that agencies and OMB’s Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, OIRA, report the cost of unfunded man-dates imposed through the regulatory process. Federal agencies can advance govern-ment initiatives without using Federal taxpayer dollars by issuing regulations that pass compliance down to State and local governments and to private businesses. These costly mandates make it harder for companies to hire and for cash-strapped States, counties, and cities to keep streets safe and parks clean. My amendment requires agencies to include in their monthly reports to OIRA whether rules in the pipeline im-pose unfunded mandates, and requires OIRA to include in its annual cumu-lative assessment of new regulations the total cost of unfunded mandates imposed by the Federal Government. This amendment will not unduly bur-den agencies’ regulatory work, as it re-quires only that they be transparent in their imposition of unfunded mandates on State and local governments and private businesses. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Maryland is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in opposition to this amend-ment. This amendment would further increase the duplication and burden of the underlying bill. Agencies are already required to per-form an analysis, under the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, of whether a proposed rule imposes an unfunded mandate on State, local, or tribal gov-ernments, or the private sector. This amendment would require agen-cies to report to the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs every month on any unfunded mandate esti-mates for proposed rules. This amend-ment would be a backdoor way to get the Office of Information and Regu-latory Affairs to review unfunded man-date assessments by independent agen-cies. Currently, independent agencies are exempt from the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. This amendment would re-quire independent agencies to conduct unfunded mandate assessments and submit them to OIRA. This would jeop-ardize the independence of these agen-cies, which is so very important. I oppose the underlying bill, and I op-pose this amendment, which does not improve the bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I strongly support her amendment. Over the past several decades, the ac-cumulation of unfunded mandates issued by the Federal Government to State and local governments, tribes, and the private sector has become an alarming concern. This amendment will throw an early and needed spotlight on proposed new unfunded mandates as Federal agencies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.051 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H139 January 7, 2016 
begin the process of considering them. Hopefully, once they are informed of them in time, by the amendment, those who would otherwise have to bear the burden of unfunded mandates will be better armed to fend off their unjust imposition. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time with the right to close. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, as I men-tioned in the debate last night on a similar amendment, unfunded man-dates are frequently overlooked in the debates about regulatory reform. How-ever, these decisions have real costs and real effects on the individuals, families, and communities we each rep-resent. While my amendment is a small change, it ensures that costs passed down to businesses, State and local governments are reported. I thank my colleagues for their con-sideration and ask for their support. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, again, I think I have stated very clear-ly why we oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part A of House Report 114–388. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise as the designee of the Jack-son Lee amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 22, line 14, strike ‘‘an imminent’’ and insert ‘‘a’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, H.R. 712 imposes a 6-month mora-torium before a rule can take effect, unless the rule either: (1) qualifies under the Administrative Procedure Act’s exception for notice and comment, which applies ‘‘when the agency for good cause finds (and incor-porates the finding and a brief state-ment of the reasons therefore in the rules issued) that notice and public procedure thereon are impractical, un-necessary, or contrary to public inter-est;’’ or (2) if the President issues an execu-tive order determining that the rule is necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety or other emergency, necessary for the enforce-ment of the criminal laws, necessary for national security, or issued pursu-ant to any statute implementing an international trade agreement. The amendment simply strikes ‘‘im-minent’’ from H.R. 712, so that a rule that prevents a threat to health or safety or other emergency would qual-ify under the bill’s exception. As the Coalition for Sensible Safe-guards—an organization representing more than 150 labor, scientific, re-search, good government, faith, com-munity, health, environmental, and public interest groups—observes, the bill’s moratorium will put on hold for 6 months ‘‘the benefits of critically needed regulations, whether measured in lives saved, environmental damage averted, or money saved.’’ This 6-month delay would be in addi-tion to the already time-consuming process by which rules are promul-gated. Why should a rule intended to pro-tect public health and safety be held up for 6 months simply because the antici-pated harm the rule addresses is not imminent? Shouldn’t we look to try to foresee what is going to happen? That is what this amendment will en-able, if this legislation passes. I will ask my colleagues to support this very much commonsense amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Title II of the bill contains trans-parency requirements that are long overdue. To make sure that agencies comply and conduct their business in the sunshine, it prohibits an agency from entering a new regulation into ef-fect unless the agency makes the dis-closures the bill requires for at least 6 months before the regulation’s pub-lished effective date. Nevertheless, to provide flexibility where it is needed, the bill allows ex-ceptions to the prohibition. For exam-ple, it grants a general exception for rules that do not require notice and public comment pursuant to the Ad-ministrative Procedures Act’s ‘‘good cause’’ exception. By statute, this ex-ception includes situations where tak-ing the time for notice and comment would be ‘‘contrary to the public inter-est.’’ In addition, the bill provides for a specific exception when a rule is need-ed to respond to an imminent threat. The amendment seeks to widen the latter exception, but it goes too far. It would allow any health or safety rule, including environmental rules, that an agency self-styles as responsive to an emergency, to evade the title’s reason-able disclosure requirements with ease. A mere 6 months of disclosure to the public is not unreasonable in the ab-sence of an imminent emergency. The courts, moreover, can be relied upon to interpret the imminency requirement so as not to delay unduly the effective dates of needed, true emergency rules. And, in any event, the bill’s excep-tion for rules qualifying for the APA’s ‘‘good cause’’ exception to notice and comment is adequate to provide for any remaining need. So I urge my col-leagues to oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, opposition is premised upon the notion that we just can’t trust a Fed-eral employee who is charged with overseeing the protection of Americans through the rule process. We don’t be-lieve, on the other side, that a person can be conscientious and dutiful about trying to help people. Instead, they want to make it such that you can’t issue a rule. You will gum up the process by extending it out for so long—another 6 months—despite the fact that the rule, as foreseen by a Federal employee—and it has gone through the notice and comments part of the Administrative Procedure Act, which has worked for decades. You just simply don’t want government to issue a rule that can protect people. Why? Because it gets in the way of some big corporations’ profits. That is what this is really all about, protecting profits at the expense of the health, safety, and well-being of the people. We don’t trust a government worker to be able to provide good service to the peo-ple by promulgating rules that protect people. b1500 It is crazy, but that is what we are dealing with. I would ask that the very reasonable Jackson Lee amendment be favored by my colleagues in this body. Please vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume just to say to the gentleman from Georgia that it is entirely reasonable that regulations proposed to protect the people, as he notes, should be known by the people before they are put into effect because they may de-cide it is not the way they want to be protected. All this legislation does is make sure that they have adequate no-tice of proposed regulations that could have an impact on their jobs, on their family, on their health, and on their safety. Government bureaucrats don’t al-ways get it right. We have learned that the hard way. I think it is very impor-tant that this amendment be defeated and that the underlying notice require-ment in the bill that will benefit the general public be preserved. I oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.055 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH140 January 7, 2016 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . CUMMINGS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part A of House Report 114–388. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 22, line 24, insert before the period the following: ‘‘, except that the term ‘agen-cy’ does not include an independent estab-lishment as defined in section 104’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. My amendment is cosponsored by Government Operations Subcommittee Ranking Member G
ERRY CONNOLLY . Our amendment would exempt inde-pendent agencies from the unneces-sary, burdensome, and potentially dan-gerous provisions of this legislation. This bill would prohibit an agency rule from taking effect until the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs posts certain information on proposed and final rules on the Internet for at least 6 months. The bill only allows for two exceptions. One exception is if the agency exempts a rule from the notice and comment requirements of the Ad-ministrative Procedures Act. The other exception is if the President issues an executive order requiring a rule to take effect. This bill covers all agency rulemakings, no matter how impor-tant. When applied to independent agencies, it is particularly dangerous. Independent agencies are supposed to regulate industries without the risk of political interference on their rule-making. They are not required to ob-tain approval for their rules from the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs. Under this bill, a rule issued by an independent agency could be delayed if the Office of Information and Regu-latory Affairs fails to comply with the requirements of the bill. That means this bill would give the Office of Infor-mation and Regulatory Affairs the ability to delay a rule issued by an independent agency. That may be an unintended consequence, but it is a se-rious one that could affect our Nation’s financial markets, health, and safety. One independent agency that would be affected by this rule is the Con-sumer Product Safety Commission. The CPSC recently proposed a safety standard for high chairs. The CPSC re-ports that over a 4-year period, an esti-mated 10,000 injuries occurred that were related to high chairs. H.R. 712 could delay rules like these high chair standards. That is simply unaccept-able. Our amendment would exempt independent agencies like the Con-sumer Product Safety Commission from the bill. I urge my colleagues to adopt our amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Title II of the bill, the ALERT Act, contains needed transparency require-ments so that hardworking Americans who bear the cost of new regulation at least know in realtime what is coming and what it will cost them to comply. Just like ordinary executive agencies, independent agencies should provide this level of transparency about the new regulations they are preparing. Why should the public not have the right to know as much about what the Securities and Exchange Commission is planning to impose as it knows about what the Environmental Protec-tion Agency plans? Why shouldn’t the public know as much about how the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau plans to regulate new car loans as it knows about how the Department of Transportation plans to regulate new car designs? The bill strengthens and protects the public’s right to know. The amendment would allow independent agencies to hide the ball at the public’s expense, and so I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ). The amendment was rejected. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 114– 388 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 2 by Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. C
UMMINGS  of Maryland. Amendment No. 4 by Mr. L
YNCH of Massachusetts. Amendment No. 6 by Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 175, noes 242, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 7] AYES—175 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.059 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H141 January 7, 2016 
NOES—242 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Chu, Judy Cleaver DeLauro Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) Nugent Palazzo Rush Sires Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) 
b1541 Messrs. CALVERT, WHITFIELD, ZINKE, MARINO, Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN, and Mr. COLLINS of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. BRADY of Pennsylvania, CLYBURN, Mses. SCHAKOWSKY, LO-RETTA SANCHEZ of California, MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. MCNERNEY changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. SHERMAN. Mr Chair, on rollcall No. 7, the Johnson of Georgia Amendment No. 2, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . CUMMINGS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 174, noes 244, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 8] AYES—174 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—15 
Chu, Judy Cleaver DeLauro Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.024 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH142 January 7, 2016 
Nugent Rush Sires Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1546 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 180, noes 235, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 9] AYES—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sinema Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—18 
Chu, Judy Cleaver DeLauro Diaz-Balart Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) Nugent Rokita Rush Sires Smith (WA) Titus Walker Webster (FL) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1550 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 241, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 10] AYES—173 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.027 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H143 January 7, 2016 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—19 
Chu, Judy Cleaver DeLauro Jackson Lee Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Lewis Miller (MI) Nugent Rush Sherman Sires Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1553 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. D
OLD, Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 712) to impose certain limitations on consent decrees and set-tlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 580, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I am opposed to the bill in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Kelly of Illinois moves to recommit the bill, H.R. 712, to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: Page 1, amend the table of contents for the bill by inserting after the item pertaining to section 302 the following: TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 401. No delay of any rule, consent de-cree, or settlement agreement that prevents gun violence. Add, at the end of the bill, the following: TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 401. NO DELAY OF ANY RULE, CONSENT DE-CREE, OR SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT THAT PREVENTS GUN VIOLENCE. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall not apply in the case of any rule, consent decree, or settlement agree-ment that pertains to protecting Americans from gun violence, particularly in school zones or other sensitive areas. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, my amendment is a simple, straightforward, commonsense improvement that I believe both sides of the aisle can agree would help pro-tect American children from the threat of violence. If my amendment passes, it would en-sure that men and women that we rep-resent and their children will have the peace of mind of knowing that this Congress can cast aside partisan dif-ferences to vote to protect families and communities from senseless gun vio-lence. That is because my amendment would exempt this bill to any regula-tion that would protect Americans, particularly young children, from gun violence in school zones and other sen-sitive areas. If an agency proposes a solution that would improve the health, safety, and well-being of Americans, especially children, by limiting gun violence, it is simply unconscionable to throw obsta-cles in the way to stymie that solution. I don’t see how this Congress, whose Members were entrusted by families in our home districts to defend their right to life, liberty, and happiness, can argue that we did all we could to de-fend these rights, yet vote against re-sponsible proposals that aim to protect life and preserve liberty and promote happiness. b1600 How can we in good conscience allow this body to pass this bill as is? How can we allow good community safety solutions to get bogged down when we can amend this bill to keep gun vio-lence from ringing out in our class-rooms and playgrounds? How can we turn a blind eye to regulations that charge us to act now to keep our chil-dren from being victimized by violence and say that the responsible thing to do is to sideline it for 6 months for ad-ditional review? We cannot allow our children to be sitting ducks for half a year. Far too many times we hear about a child the same age as your son, your daughter, or grandchild falling victim to a stray bullet fired by a criminal, someone who should not have been able to pur-chase a gun but found a way through loopholes in our laws. Or we hear about young women who are victims of domestic violence and are killed by their former partner who, despite a violent past, was able to le-gally purchase a firearm. On Tuesday, President Obama an-nounced a number of executive actions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.029 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH144 January 7, 2016 
to address our Nation’s gun violence epidemic. Specifically, the President’s actions expand Federal background checks and improve mental healthcare reporting to ensure guns stay out of the hands of dangerous individuals. I am not asking for you to vote based on your feelings for the President, but I want to pose this to you: If there were a 6-month waiting period before a regu-lation ensuring that the dangerously mentally ill are unable to purchase a firearm went into effect, how many in-nocent lives would be lost? How many men, women, and children would be killed? How many more Newtowns, how many more Auroras, and how many more Charlestons would occur? How many more of my young constituents in Chicago and Riverdale would I lose to gun violence after being shot by a stray bullet on their way home from school? I support policies that are thorough and measured, but I cannot support policies that prevent health and safety regulations, especially those that en-sure the well-being of children from immediately being enforceable. I have come to this floor countless times to advocate for commonsense gun legislation. We must act. My amendment will improve the bill by putting the health, safety, and well- being of our Nation’s children first. It will ensure that Congress works with President Obama and allows his execu-tive actions to start saving lives imme-diately. I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, the American people have waited too long for relief for us to delay in the face of this procedural motion. Now is the time for action, not parliamentary gimmicks. We are 7 years into the Obama ad-ministration. Real unemployment is still a massive problem. America’s labor force participation is still near record lows, yet instead of helping by getting out of the way, the Obama ad-ministration and Washington’s en-trenched regulatory bureaucracy day after day pile new burden after new burden on the backs of workers, Amer-ican families, and small-business own-ers. The total cost of Federal regulations is poised to zoom past $2 trillion per year as the Obama administration furi-ously works to get out the door all the regulations it can in its last year in of-fice. If that $2 trillion were a nation’s economy, it would be one of the top 10 economies in the world. Mr. Speaker, the Investor’s Business Daily reports that we have just con-cluded 8 years of zero real wage growth for America’s workers and families. That means zero wage growth for the entire Obama administration. What about jobs? We would have cre-ated almost 6 million more jobs if the so-called Obama recovery had just been as strong as the average recovery since World War II. America’s workers and families can-not afford for Washington to continue to sacrifice the Nation’s prosperity and ability to generate jobs so the regu-latory bureaucracy can expand into every nook and cranny of our lives. Nothing in this bill prevents emer-gency regulations or otherwise unduly delays needed regulations. Vote against this motion to recom-mit. Vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 171, noes 244, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 11] AYES—171 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.071 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H145 January 7, 2016 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—18 
Bishop (GA) Chu, Judy Cleaver Connolly DeLauro Gutie´rrez Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) Nugent Rush Sires Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) 
b1611 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER  
The SPEAKER. The House has em-barked on its first lengthy vote series of this session, and the Chair will take this time to reiterate the rules and policies on the length of votes. The rules establish 15 minutes as the minimum time for electronic voting in the ordinary case and 5 minutes and 2 minutes as the minimum time in other cases when Members are already in or near the Chamber in response to an earlier vote. Members should attempt to come to the floor within the 15-minute period as prescribed by the first ringing of the bells. Members are further reminded that the standard policy is to not terminate the vote when a Member is in the well attempting to cast a vote. Other efforts to hold the vote open are not similarly protected. As a point of courtesy to each of your colleagues, voting within the allotted time would help with the maintenance of the institution. The Chair appreciates the Members’ attention to this matter. Without objection, 5-minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 244, noes 173, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 12] AYES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—173 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—16 
Chu, Judy Cleaver DeLauro Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) McDermott Miller (MI) Nugent Rush Sires Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1620 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SEARCHING FOR AND CUTTING REGULATIONS THAT ARE UN-NECESSARILY BURDENSOME ACT OF 2015 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 580 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 1155. Will the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ) kindly take the chair. b1622 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1155) to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes, with Mr. S
IMPSON (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Wednes-day, January 6, 2016, a request for a re-corded voted on amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114– 388 offered by the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. P
OCAN ) had been postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114– 388 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.030 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH146 January 7, 2016 
Amendment No. 4 by Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. Amendment No. 6 by Mr. C
UMMINGS  of Maryland. Amendment No. 7 by Mr. C
ICILLINE of Rhode Island. Amendment No. 8 by Ms. D
ELBENEof Washington. Amendment No. 9 by Mr. C
ICILLINE of Rhode Island. Amendment No. 10 by Mr. P
OCAN of Wisconsin. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for each electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 174, noes 239, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 13] AYES—174 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—20 
Chu, Judy Cleaver Coffman Davis, Rodney DeLauro Gowdy Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) LaMalfa Miller (MI) Nugent Rush Sires Smith (WA) Stivers Titus Webster (FL) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1626 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CUMMINGS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 172, noes 244, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 14] AYES—172 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.076 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H147 January 7, 2016 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—17 
Chu, Judy Cleaver DeLauro Gowdy Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) LaMalfa Miller (MI) Nugent Rush Sires Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1630 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 176, noes 241, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 15] AYES—176 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Chu, Judy Cleaver DeLauro Gowdy Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) Nugent Rush Sires Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) 
b1633 So the amendment was rejected. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.034 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH148 January 7, 2016 
The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 176, noes 239, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 16] AYES—176 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—18 
Chu, Judy Cleaver DeLauro Grijalva Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) Nugent Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Rush Sires Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1637 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 244, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 17] AYES—173 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.081 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H149 January 7, 2016 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Chu, Judy Cleaver DeLauro Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Lewis Miller (MI) Nugent Rush Sires Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1640 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . POCAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 245, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 18] AYES—173 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—245 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—15 
Chu, Judy Cleaver DeLauro Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) Nugent Rush Sires Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1644 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. S
IMPSON , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 1155) to provide for the establishment of a process for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.037 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH150 January 7, 2016 
review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes, pursuant to House Resolution 580, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry amend-ments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The question is on the amendments. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. CICILLINE. I am opposed to the bill in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Cicilline moves to recommit the bill, H.R. 1155, to the Committee on the Judici-ary, with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the fol-lowing amendment: Page 29, line 21, insert after ‘‘Code’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘, except for a special rule’’. Page 29, insert after line 24 the following: (6) S
PECIAL RULE .—The term ‘‘special rule’’ means a rule that pertains to prohibiting discrimination by Federal contractors or subcontractors on the basis of sex, sexual orientation, or gender identity, and requires such contractors or subcontractors to take affirmative measures to prevent discrimina-tion on those bases from occurring. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Rhode Island is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, this bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage here on the floor, as amended. This amendment is very simple. It would exempt from the requirements of the underlying bill a rule prohibiting discrimination by Federal contractors or subcontractors on the basis of sex, sexual orientation, or gender identity, and require such contractors to take affirmative measures to prevent dis-crimination on those bases from occur-ring. This amendment is consistent with the executive order signed by President Obama on July 21, 2014, that added sex-ual orientation and gender identity to the list of protected categories covered by Federal contractors—protections that were originally put in place by President Lyndon Johnson, a leader who did so much to advance equality in our country. Today, while we have made great strides in terms of marriage equality, members of the LGBT community still face significant discrimination in em-ployment as well as a variety of other important areas of life. As many of my colleagues are aware, it is still legal in most States to fire a qualified person from a job that they are performing well simply because of their sexual orientation or gender iden-tity. Today, in many places across the country, a gay couple can get married on Saturday, post pictures online on Sunday, and get fired from their jobs or kicked out of their apartments on Monday. This is contrary to everything this country stands for, including the principle of equality upon which our country was founded. I would like to point out, contrary to the sentiments of the American people, a majority of Americans, nearly 70 per-cent, support antidiscrimination laws to protect LGBT individuals. Unfortu-nately, there are those who would con-tinue to stand in the way of full equal-ity for all Americans, who think that it is okay that hardworking men and women simply trying to support their families suffer discrimination because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. That is why it is important to sup-port the President in his effort to pro-tect the LGBT community from dis-crimination in Federal contracting. Just as businesses should not be able to discriminate based on race, eth-nicity, gender, or disability, no entity that benefits from government money should be able to discriminate based on sexual orientation or gender identity. The underlying bill we are discussing today would hinder the implementa-tion of these nondiscrimination efforts, putting everyday Americans at risk of losing their jobs based on nothing more than who they are. I am reminded of the story of Carter Brown, a young man from Texas who had built a thriving career in real es-tate in Dallas, Texas. Carter had re-ceived three promotions in 2 years, was earning a great salary and loved his job. But when he was outed as transgender by a colleague, Carter found himself harassed, ostracized, and ultimately fired from his job, and there was absolutely nothing he could do, be-cause he was not protected under the law. Carter bravely told his story earlier this year in the Lyndon Johnson Room of the Capitol Building as we an-nounced the introduction of the Equal-ity Act, which would place important protections for the LGBT community throughout our Federal Code. The Equality Act would ensure that members of the LGBT community are protected from discrimination in areas of employment, credit, housing, edu-cation, Federal funding, jury service, and public accommodations. I am very proud that 171 of my colleagues in the House have joined in this effort and co-sponsored this bill, and I urge the rest of my colleagues to sign on as well. But until full equality is passed into Federal law, at the minimum, we should ensure that Federal money is not being used to discriminate against LGBT Americans by companies who re-ceive Federal contracts. That is why I urge my colleagues to support this mo-tion to recommit and ensure equality in our Federal contracting. Our Fed-eral Government should not be used to promote or tolerate discrimination. It is contrary to the founding principles of our great country. Mr. Speaker, I urge you to vote in support of this motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recom-mit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) is one of my favorite people. We get to serve on a committee to-gether, and we have done other things together. He is a genuine human being who puts forth his heart, and I person-ally appreciate it, as I know he cares deeply and passionately about this body and the work that he does. I also want to thank Mr. J
ASON  S
MITH, who has put forward a very im-portant bill, something that I think is a reasonable, commonsense approach to deal with regulations of the past. There is no prohibition about putting regulations forward, but going back and looking, taking a scrub, if you will, and looking at past regulations, what this bill does is it simply creates a bi-partisan commission—bipartisan—to go back and look at these, and they produce a report. That report comes to Congress, it has to pass both bodies, and it has to get the signature of the President. That is a very reasonable thing to do. So I urge ‘‘no’’ on this mo-tion to recommit, ‘‘yes’’ on the pas-sage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on the motion to re-commit will be followed by 5-minute 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.088 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H151 January 7, 2016 
votes on passage of the bill, if ordered; ordering the previous question on House Resolution 581; and adopting House Resolution 581, if ordered. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 178, noes 239, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 19] AYES—178 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—16 
Chu, Judy Cleaver DeLauro Fleming Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) Nugent Rush Sires Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) 
b1703 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 245, noes 174, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 20] AYES—245 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—174 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.090 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH152 January 7, 2016 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Chu, Judy Cleaver DeLauro Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) Nugent Rush Sires Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) 
b1709 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1927, FAIRNESS IN CLASS ACTION LITIGATION ACT OF 2015 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 581) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1927) to amend title 28, United States Code, to improve fairness in class action litiga-tion, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 236, nays 176, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 21] YEAS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NAYS—176 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—21 
Chu, Judy Cleaver Costa Davis, Rodney DeLauro Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Love Miller (MI) Nugent Palazzo Royce Rush Sires Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) Westmoreland Zeldin 
b1716 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 234, noes 176, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 22] AYES—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.041 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H153 January 7, 2016 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—176 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—23 
Brady (TX) Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cleaver Comstock Costa DeLauro Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Love Miller (MI) Nugent Royce Rush Sires Smith (WA) Titus Webster (FL) Westmoreland Yoho Zeldin 
b1726 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 22, I was unavoidably detained on official business and missed the vote. The vote was on H. Res. 581, the rule providing for consid-eration of H.R. 1927, the Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act of 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE TO MOURN THE 11 LIVES LOST IN MIS-SISSIPPI’S DISASTROUS WINTER STORM (Mr. KELLY of Mississippi asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I am joined today by Con-gressmen T
HOMPSON , H ARPER , and P
ALAZZO , all from Mississippi. We rise to mourn the 11 lives that were lost in Mississippi due to severe weather over the Christmas holiday. We had 11 deaths and 57 injuries re-ported in Benton, Coahoma, Marshall, and Tippah Counties, which are two of our four districts. On Governor Bryant’s request, Presi-dent Obama issued a major disaster declaration for the State of Mis-sissippi. The Presidential disaster dec-laration makes Federal assistance available to eligible individuals and business owners in designated areas. As I visited the impacted areas, I was saddened by the amount of destruction, of the loss of property, and, most im-portantly, of the loss of life; but I was uplifted by neighbors helping neigh-bors, by friends helping friends, and by strangers helping strangers. That is the strength of Mississippi: The people who come together to help each other in times of need. I cannot begin to imagine the sense of loss felt by the families who were af-fected. We ask our colleagues to join us in continuing to lift them up in prayer. Mr. Speaker, I ask for a moment of silence. MOURNING THE 11 LIVES LOST IN MISSISSIPPI’S DISASTROUS WIN-TER STORM (Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. KELLY ) indicated, Mis-sissippi was hit very hard with torna-does. There were 11 deaths, and there was significant damage. We have re-ceived a disaster declaration. I want to pay a special tribute to our system of disaster response, which worked. Federal, State, and local offi-cials came together and responded just like the textbook said they should. No-where have we received any complaints about help not being available. So if there is any good that we can talk about coming from such a dis-aster, it is this: The system that Con-gress put together for government to respond to its citizens in the time of disaster worked during this particular disaster in Mississippi. 
f 
b1730 PERSONAL EXPLANATION Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to state for the R
ECORD how I would have voted on rollcall votes 7 to 23 that I missed today because I was detained in my district on official busi-ness: On rollcall vote No. 7, I would have voted ‘‘aye,’’ the Johnson amendment. On rollcall vote No. 8, I would have voted ‘‘aye,’’ the Cummings-Connolly amendment. On rollcall vote No. 9, the Lynch amendment, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On rollcall vote No. 10, the Jackson Lee amendment offered by Mr. J
OHN-
SON, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On rollcall vote No. 11, I would have voted ‘‘aye,’’ Messrs. Cummings-Con-nolly amendment. On rollcall vote No. 12, I would have vote ‘‘aye,’’ Democratic motion to re-commit on H.R. 712. On rollcall vote No. 13, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on passage of H.R. 712, Sun-shine for Regulatory Decrees and Set-tlements Act of 2015. On rollcall vote No. 14, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on the Johnson amend-ment. On rollcall vote No. 15, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on the Cummings-Con-nolly amendment. On rollcall vote No. 16, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on the Cicilline amend-ment. On rollcall vote No. 17, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on the DelBene amend-ment. On rollcall vote No. 18, the Jackson Lee amendment offered by Mr. C
ICILLINE , I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ And on rollcall vote No. 19, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ This is on H.R. 1155, the SCRUB Act of 2015. On Thursday, January 6, I was unavoidably detained in my congressional district attending 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.043 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH154 January 7, 2016 
to my representational duties and thus not present for rollcall Votes 7 through 23. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: 1. On rollcall 7 I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ (Johnson (GA) Amendment to H.R. 712, Sun-shine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015). 2. On rollcall 8 I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ (Cummings/Connolly Amendment to H.R. 712, Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settle-ments Act of 2015). 3. On rollcall 9 I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ (Lynch Amendment to H.R. 712, Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015). 4. On rollcall 10 I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ (Jackson Lee/Johnson (GA) Amendment to H.R. 712, Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015). 5. On rollcall 11 I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ (Cummings/Connolly Amendment to H.R. 712, Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settle-ments Act of 2015). 6. On rollcall 12 I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ (Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 712, Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settle-ments Act of 2015). 7. On rollcall 13 I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ (On Passage of H.R. 712, Sunshine for Regu-latory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015). 8. On rollcall 14 I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ (Johnson (GA) Amendment to H.R. 1155, SCRUB Act of 2015). 9. On rollcall 15 I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ (Cummings/Connolly Amendment to H.R. 1155, SCRUB Act of 2015). 10. On rollcall 16 I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ (Cicilline Amendment to H.R. 1155, SCRUB Act of 2015). 11. On rollcall 17 I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ (DelBene Amendment to H.R. 1155, SCRUB Act of 2015). 12. On rollcall 18 I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ (Jackson Lee/Cicilline Amendment to H.R. 1155, SCRUB Act of 2015). 13. On rollcall 19 I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ (Pocan Amendment to H.R. 1155, SCRUB Act of 2015). 
f 
MINNESOTA’S FARMING FATHER (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Oli-ver Kelley, who was born on this day in 1826. Kelley, a native Bostonian, real-ized that Minnesota was a land of great opportunity and moved there in 1849. Although he had no experience farm-ing, Kelley became a ‘‘book farmer’’ and everything that he first learned about agriculture, he got from reading. Kelley’s thirst for knowledge, great in-tuition, and progressive methods al-lowed his farm in Elk River to thrive. In 1864, Kelley became a clerk for the U.S. Bureau of Agriculture. Through his work, he recognized the importance of agriculture to our Nation and, in 1867, helped found the National Grange, a society and advocacy group for rural America. Oliver Kelley’s role in agriculture led to his induction into the National Ag-ricultural Center and Hall of Fame in 2006. The Kelley farm remains an impor-tant part of our community. Today, it is a historical property that teaches thousands of Minnesota school kids about agriculture. Minnesotans are certainly grateful for Kelley’s efforts, which have largely contributed to agricultural success in our country, and we are proud to have his legacy maintained in Minnesota’s Sixth Congressional District. f 
CELEBRATING WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ RAY (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to cel-ebrate the life of an extraordinary man, William ‘‘Bill’’ Ray. Bill laughed often, and he loved much. His charm and gentlemanly character won the respect of many peo-ple in my community. Bill worked in my district office as a community liaison and caseworker for 13 years. You know what? He made a difference in people’s lives. He was genuinely interested in people and things, from the Boy Scouts to Native Americans and to veterans. He knew how to find the best in others, and he gave the best of himself. Bill loved his wife, Rhonda, and their son, Jeffrey, with all of his heart and soul. He loved his country and our military. He was a true patriot. Bill was noble in character, genuine in spir-it, and very kind of heart. Rhonda, Jeffrey, you have my deep-est condolences on the passing of your husband and father. I am blessed to have known him and to have worked with him. 
f 
PRO-LIFE MOVEMENT (Mr. WENSTRUP asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, 54 million, that is the number of lives that have been cut short in our Nation by abortion over the 43 years since the Supreme Court’s infamous Roe v. Wade decision. That is 54 million children who were never given the chance to ex-perience the world around them, and 54 million human beings who were denied the natural and inalienable right to life that our Founding Fathers enshrined in the Declaration of Independence. As a father, I have watched my son grow from his first sonogram to a very active 2-year-old. He looks to me for protection, for guidance, for comfort. So too do society’s most innocent and vulnerable count on us to defend them. During his visit to the U.S. in 1987, now-Saint Pope John Paul II re-marked: ‘‘The ultimate test of your greatness is the way you treat every human being, but especially the weak-est and most defenseless ones.’’ I believe we must reach out to moth-ers in distress, as well as the child that they are bearing. There are few more vulnerable and defenseless than the un-born. On the 22nd of this month, hundreds of thousands of Americans will arrive here in our Nation’s Capital for the an-nual March for Life. I look forward to joining them as we work toward that day when our great Nation will recog-nize the right to life for all Americans, especially our unborn children. f 
IMMIGRATION REFORM (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, moth-ers and children from Guatemala, Hon-duras, and El Salvador come to this Nation for protection. They are run-ning from certain death, rape, and per-secution in their own country. This administration has deported more immigrants than any other in the history of the United States. We were told that violent criminals would be targeted. Yet, mothers and children are being deported. Not only do these raids tear families and neighborhoods apart, they waste taxpayer dollars that should be used on other priorities. We spend $14,000 per mom and $14,000 per child when they are chased down and deported. Some are sent to their country to their death. So let’s focus on real threats to our Nation. Let’s focus on working with all of our Western Hemisphere neighbors and work to solve the Central Amer-ican refugee crisis together. 
f 
ON THE RIGHTS OF PERSONS (Mr. LOUDERMILK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, for those who haven’t been in the House Chamber, surrounding the inside of this beautiful building are effigies of great philosophers and lawgivers that have influenced the founding of our Na-tion. One of those, to my right, is that of Sir William Blackstone. Now, Blackstone had great influence upon our Founders, especially that of Thomas Jefferson. In fact, it was Blackstone who influenced the three enumerated rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Mr. Speaker, let me read from Black-stone’s Commentary, the very docu-ment which influenced Thomas Jeffer-son to make life the very first right that is given by government. Blackstone said: ‘‘Life is the imme-diate gift of God, a right inherent by nature in every individual; and it be-gins in contemplation of law as soon as an infant is able to stir in the mother’s womb.’’ That is one of the foundations of this Nation, that life begins at conception. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.045 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H155 January 7, 2016 
And our Founding Fathers understood that it was a great philosophy and that is when the protection of law begins. On January 22, 1973, we departed from that philosophy with the decision of Roe v. Wade. Since then, over 57 mil-lion American lives have been taken because of that decision. Mr. Speaker, that number is equivalent to the popu-lation of Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Kentucky, South Carolina, Louisiana, and Tennessee. That one de-cision, Mr. Speaker, has not only figu-ratively, but literally changed the landscape of America. 
f 
EAST NICOLAUS HIGH SCHOOL (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, be-fore the holiday break, I rose to con-gratulate the East Nicolaus High School Spartans from Sutter County for advancing to the CIF Division VI– AA football championship game. At that time, they were about to make a 500-mile trip to San Diego to face Coro-nado, a school four times their size. Well, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say that the Spartans may have been the underdogs in the game, but that didn’t matter to them. On December 28, they won the championship game 16–6. Quar-terback S.J. Brown threw for a touch-down and rushed for another. Donovan Switalski had 25 carries for 135 yards. On defense, quarterback Eddie Herrera intercepted two passes. Those are great individual efforts. As a former lineman for the University of California Bears, I know it takes a full team to pull out a win like this and also a coach. I congratulate Coach Travis Barker and the entire East Nicolaus team for making Sutter County and the entire Third Congressional District very proud. 
f 
BUDGET RECONCILIATION BILL (Mr. HARRIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, when the House sends the budget reconciliation bill to the President this evening, he has a chance to help hardworking American taxpayers by signing it and saving taxpayers over $500 billion over the next 10 years. It does that in two ways. First, it re-peals most of the unaffordable ObamaCare program, which has raised the cost of health insurance and health care for millions and millions of hard-working Americans. It also removes all Federal taxpayer funding from Planned Parenthood, the largest abortion pro-vider in the country, which receives over half a billion taxpayer dollars a year and does 330,000 abortions a year. In fact, it is the largest abortion pro-vider in America. Instead of funding the largest abortion provider in Amer-ica, we direct those funds to over 10,000 community health centers. Mr. Speaker, I hope the President agrees and saves hardworking Amer-ican taxpayers billions of dollars. f 
DEFENDING THE SECOND AMENDMENT (Mr. ROKITA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, any con-stitutional lawyer should know that Congress is supposed to write the laws and the executive branch is supposed to follow them, as written. Implementing more gun control through executive fiat is not what is needed, and it is not what is legal. Enforcement of the current law is what is needed by this executive, and it is what this President should be doing. Instead, for example, he lets prisoners out of jail to contribute to the vio-lence. Mr. Speaker, the right to self-defense is God-given. It is vital in order to pro-tect people and property against crimi-nals, and it is a hedge against tyrants, and it shall not be infringed. To those who would challenge these rights, Mr. Speaker, I leave you with these words: ‘‘A well-regulated militia necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.’’ 
f 
BORN ALIVE SURVIVORS PROTECTION ACT (Mr. FRANKS of Arizona asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, Thomas Jefferson, whose words marked the beginning of this Nation, said: ‘‘The care of human life and its happiness, and not its destruction, is the chief and only object of good gov-ernment.’’ Yet, Mr. Speaker, 43 years ago, our Supreme Court mandated abortion on demand in America, and 57 million in-nocent little American babies have since been slaughtered before seeing the light of day in this, the land of the free and the home of brave. Mr. Speaker, this House passed the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protec-tion Act months ago to protect help-less children who survive abortion and are born alive. Yet at this very mo-ment, that bill to protect born-alive children languishes in the United States Senate for lack of six Democrat votes and a veto threat by Barack Obama. It is time for the President of the United States and each Senator and all of us, as Americans, to ask ourselves in our own hearts if this is who we truly are. b1745 WE MUST SPEAK UP FOR THE INNOCENTS (Mr. LAMBORN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, it is with a sad heart that I rise today to speak for those whose lives have been tragically cut short in the wake of Roe v. Wade. A staggering 57 million inno-cent girls and boys have been aborted in this country since that horrible de-cision 43 years ago. Roe v. Wade re-mains one of the most heinous acts of judicial activism in the history of the United States. As a father of five and a grandfather of three, I know that every child is a wonderful gift from God. Our country was founded upon the sacred truth that all deserve the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The perverse belief that an un-planned child does not possess the same value as that of any other child should have no place in our society. There may be unplanned children, but there is no such thing as an unwanted child. Later this month, thousands of pro- life patriots will come to Washington to peacefully march in support of life and against the national disgrace that is abortion. I am pleased to be among those fighting against this greatest human rights injustice of our time. We must continue to pray, and we must continue to speak up for the innocents who cannot speak for themselves. f 
57 MILLION INNOCENT LIVES LOST (Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, it is with great sadness that I rise today in mem-ory of the 43rd anniversary of the Su-preme Court’s tragic decision in Roe v. Wade. Since Roe v. Wade, we have lost 57 million innocent lives. May God rest their souls. That is an astounding and absolutely heart-numbing loss. Countless lives have been impacted by abortion. Each one of those 57 mil-lion children had a future destroyed by abortion. Even Norma McCorvey, the plaintiff known as Roe, revealed in 1995 that she had, in fact, become pro-life and is now a vocal opponent of abortion and the abortion industry. Mr. Speaker, the sanctity of human life must be protected. We have a duty to protect the lives of all Americans, especially the most helpless and inno-cent of all, the unborn. I stand with the thousands of Ameri-cans who will soon gather on The Washington Mall to serve as the voice of 57 million unborn babies whose lives were tragically taken through abor-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.101 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH156 January 7, 2016 
REMEMBERING SENATOR BUMPERS (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, last week the State of Arkansas lost a giant in the political world. Dale Bumpers, a former Governor and Sen-ator, had served the State of Arkansas for many decades. As an intern for Arkansas’ junior Senator at the time, David Pryor, I first met Senator Bumpers in 1986. His service to his fellow Arkansans began in the Fourth Congressional District, where he returned home to Charleston to serve as city attorney after the Ma-rines and law school. He went on to serve on the local school board before mounting multiple successful bids for statewide office. Charleston Public School District is not only known for producing stellar graduates and for the Tigers’ power-house football program, but for heeding Dale Bumpers’ advice in 1954 and be-coming the first public school in the former Confederate States to deseg-regate. His decades of public service were about serving others, not prestige or power. In his autobiography, Dale said it was his father who encouraged him to enter public service, calling it a noble profession. As we remember Senator Bumpers, I can think of no nobler act than serving others. I appreciate Dale Bumpers’ ex-ample and his servant’s heart. 
f 
CORPUS CHRISTI TROOP 3 CELE-BRATES 100 YEARS OF SCOUTING (Mr. FARENTHOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Boy Scout Troop 3 in Corpus Christi, Texas, that is celebrating 100 years of Scouting. The Scouts is a wonderful organiza-tion for our youth. It teaches them new things. It helps them build self-esteem, learn teamwork, self-sufficiency, and the importance of helping others. From the beginning of Troop 3 in 1916, the Scouts have always been of service to our community and the country. During World War I, members of the troop sold war bonds. After the devastating 1919 hurricane, the Scouts of Troop 3, along with National Guard units, went door to door to compile an accurate list of casualties. The Scouts have contributed many hours of service throughout our com-munity. During the hurricane, they did mosquito control and distributed foods and blankets. Today Troop 3 continues to be active in community service projects com-pleted and many have benefited from the service projects completed by Eagle Scout candidates in the troop. On this upcoming 100th anniversary, Troop 3 can take pride in its traditions and contributions to our community. Troop 3 and the First United Methodist Church of Corpus Christi, Texas, are a great asset to our community, our State, and our country. f 
THE PRO-LIFE MOVEMENT IS ALIVE AND WELL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
LUM). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of our Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, since 1973, at least 58 million unborn children have been killed by abortion, a staggering loss of children’s precious lives, a death toll that equates with the entire population of England. Despite this staggering loss of chil-dren’s lives and the sad fact that Presi-dent Obama is using stealth, deception, and coercive power of the State to pro-mote abortion violence, including the massive public funding of abortion on demand in ObamaCare, the pro-life movement is alive and well and mak-ing serious, significant, and sustained progress. Yesterday Congress passed landmark legislation to end taxpayer subsidies for Planned Parenthood, and special thanks go to Speaker R
YAN, Majority Leader M
CCARTHY , Chairman P RICE, and others in leadership for crafting this lifesaving legislation. In this Congress alone, powerful pro- life measures have passed, including the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, and the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. On the State level, 282 pro-life laws have been enacted since 2010, including laws to stop dismemberment abortions, require a 72-hour waiting period, and to provide informed consent. With the March for Life only a couple days away, pro-lifers are more deter-mined, faith-filled, and hope-filled than ever. Millennials are overwhelmingly pro- life. As the former head of the pro- abortion group NARAL observed, after witnessing a recent pro-life march, the March for Life, she said: I just thought, my gosh, they are so young. There are so many of them, and they are so young. Public opinion polls concur that more Americans, especially women and young people, are pro-life. Seventy-one percent of the millennials opposed tax-payer funding for abortion, 69 percent of the women. Fifty-nine percent of women favor a limit on abortion at at least 20 weeks when the unborn child is capable of feeling pain. The Gallup Poll has found that Planned Parenthood’s favorability rating among women has dropped 24 points in the last two dec-ades alone. A few minutes ago, Mr. Speaker, Speaker PAULRYANenrolled H.R. 3762, sponsored by Dr. P
RICE, a bill to roll back much of ObamaCare and to defund Planned Parenthood. Yes, the Presi-dent, President Obama, the abortion President, is all but certain to veto that bill to defund Planned Parent-hood, and I just have to say, Mr. Speaker, How sad is that? The Presi-dent has everything, but, sadly, there is no room, no empathy for the babies who will be exterminated. That is trag-ic. Hopefully he will have a change of heart at some point in his career, and hopefully it will be within weeks. I now yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, 43 years ago the Roe v. Wade decision resulted in the death of 57 mil-lion Americans; 57 million unborn chil-dren lost their lives, over a million children per year. It is an amazing sta-tistic. Louisiana has traditionally ranked as one of the most pro-life States in the Nation. We have some amazing or-ganizations that are doing great work to educate our citizens about the pro- life movement, organizations like Lou-isiana Right to Life and Louisiana Family Forum. The head of the Family Research Council is a constituent of our district. There is one particular pro-life advo-cate that I would like to call out, Dr. Al Krotoski, who recently passed away, in fact, just on January 1 of this year. He literally gave his life to advocating for pro-life causes. His knowledge, his scientific background with his Ph.D., his M.D., and his master’s in public health shaped him and helped him to shape pro-life policy in the State of Louisiana. He was a phenomenal exam-ple of pro-life advocates for our Nation. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I just want to make note that Dr. Al set an amaz-ing example for our State, an amazing example on the sanctity of life and re-specting life. But it is important that, as we move forward, we also respect life after birth. We respect life in terms of some of the initiatives that we are going to be working on this year: criminal justice reform and the War on Poverty. I really appreciate the opportunity to participate in this Special Order to-night. I want to thank you for orga-nizing this. I want to remind folks, over a million lives a year lost as a re-sult of this decision. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for his very eloquent comments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.102 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H157 January 7, 2016 
I would like to now yield to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HU-
STER ), the chair of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and also thank him for setting up this Special Order tonight and his leadership in his years in Congress and the pro-life movement. Life is the most precious gift we are given. The youngest and most vulner-able among us are a blessing. We must never stop working to protect them. Unfortunately, 2015 brought renewed attacks on life, and horrific new events came to light that showed us just how important this fight is. Videos were re-leased exposing Planned Parenthood’s barbaric practices. The things we saw being discussed and done in these vid-eos were appalling. They underscore why we must continue to do everything we can to uphold the sanctity of life. I am proud that today we are sending down to the President a piece of legis-lation that will defund Planned Parent-hood. I am proud of the work this House has done to bring attention to this issue and advance the cause of life. I have been honored to count myself among those who are in this fight, but we can never rest on our work to pro-tect the unborn. Together, we must work to ensure that the terrible prac-tices of Planned Parenthood come to an end and that life is valued, cher-ished, and always protected. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER for those excellent comments. I now yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. I want to thank my friend and colleague for his great leadership in this cause of life. Mr. Speaker, I join with my others here with deep concern as we are now at 43 years since the Supreme Court de-termined, unimaginably, that there ex-ists in our country some broad right for the abortion of a child in the womb. That decision literally came after 21 States had already enacted laws lim-iting abortion for over 100 years. In fact, the first of these laws was adopted in Connecticut in 1847, 21 years before the ratification of the 14th Amend-ment, which is the very amendment on which Roe v. Wade is based. In his dis-sent, Justice Rehnquist noted that, due to this history, the High Court was forced to create a right that was un-known to the Framers of the 14th Amendment. b1800 Mr. Speaker, it is time that we cor-rect this wrong-headed decision made by the court 43 years ago. It is for this reason that I personally introduced the Sanctity of Human Life bill, H.R. 426, which defines life beginning at concep-tion. I would certainly ask my colleagues to join in cosponsoring this bill so that 43 years from now we are celebrating the right to life rather than another 57 million unborn Americans lost to abor-tion. I thank the gentleman for his stance on this. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank the gentleman for his leadership and for his bill. I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ), the co-chair of the Con-gressional Pro-Life Caucus. I thank him for his leadership and for standing up so courageously for life. Mr. LIPINSKI. I thank Representa-tive S
MITH for all of his work and lead-ership on the issues of life and pro-tecting people at all stages of life. As the Democratic co-chair of the Pro-Life Caucus, I stand here as a Dem-ocrat who believes that we need to have laws in our Nation to protect the vulnerable, those who can’t protect themselves. No one is more vulnerable in America today than a child in the mother’s womb. No one is in more need of protection. We must continue to fight to provide that protection. We do have our young men and women who are our new pro-life gen-eration. They understand the dangers that they faced to their own lives when they were in their mother’s womb. I look forward to continuing to work with all of them and with my col-leagues here in the House to bring us to the day where all life in our Nation is protected by our laws, from concep-tion to death. Only then will our Na-tion truly stand up for life and all that our Nation was founded upon. I thank all my colleagues for their work on this issue. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank Mr. L
IPINSKI for those very fine com-ments. I yield to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. I thank Congressman S
MITH and Congressman L IPINSKI for their leadership in the Pro-Life Caucus. I thank Congressman S
MITH for his ac-tive involvement in promoting life not only here in America, but all over the world. Someone once said: Tell a lie long enough and it becomes the truth. That statement, sadly, is often true, but the lie is still a lie. Roe v. Wade was such a lie. It didn’t offer freedom. It didn’t offer opportunity or choice. It offered death and a diminished life, to boot. I will never forget the conversation with my wife over 40 years now in the hospital recovery room when she had just given birth to our first child. She said to me in that recovery room, with tears in her eyes: ‘‘Wow, I have just added a life to the world. That is why pro-life and pro-women go hand in hand. She is the only being designed and capable to bring new life into the world. It is a God-given gift. We honor and celebrate that gift. We who are pro-life honor her for that. Let’s give all that we can to honor and encourage our citizens to know the truth of the Psalmist who said: ‘‘Be-hold, children are a gift of the Lord; the fruit of the womb is a reward.’’ And that is the truth. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank Mr. WALBERG for his very excellent re-marks, but also for that very personal story. That is very, very touching. I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ). Mr. LATTA. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Again, I want to add my admiration to Mr. S
MITH for all his years of hard work for the pro-life movement here in this country and around the world and for holding this Special Order tonight. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the right to life for every unborn child. During my tenure in the Ohio General Assembly and now as a Mem-ber of Congress, I have consistently supported pro-life legislation and I have been unwavering in my belief that we must be vigilant in protecting the sanctity of human life. Over the past year, we have seen an unprecedented and callous disregard for life through the series of under-cover videos that illustrate Planned Parenthood’s involvement in the sale of fetal tissue. That is why I have sup-ported legislative measures to end such unspeakable acts and to prevent any Federal funds going to any entity that performs abortions. At a time when pro-life values are often marginalized, I want to reassure my constituents that I will remain steadfast in my support for legislation that defends the sanctity of life and that I will continue to stand for those without a voice. I also want to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to those who work tirelessly day after day, year after year, to defend the right of life, and to the hundreds of thousands who will be here for the Right to Life March this month. I applaud them and thank them. Again, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for all of his years of hard work. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this most important human rights issue of our time. I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). Mr. ROUZER. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to thank him for his leadership on this very impor-tant issue. As we near the 43rd anniversary of the Roe v. Wade Supreme Court deci-sion, there is a sad truth to be told: More than 57 million innocent lives have been terminated through abortion since that landmark ruling. To put that in perspective, that is more than five times the population of my home State of North Carolina. Again, that is more than five times the population of North Carolina. That is a sobering number. In God’s word, it is written that life begins at conception. Recent advances in science support that fact. It is our moral obligation to fight for and pro-tect the lives of those who cannot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.103 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH158 January 7, 2016 
speak for themselves, the lives of those who are no different than our own. As millions of Americans prepare to travel here to Washington, D.C., to par-ticipate in the annual March for Life, my prayers are with them. I am proud to stand with them in their commit-ment and dedication to the pro-life cause. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank the gentleman for his comments. I yield to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), a very strong and outspoken supporter of the right to life. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I thank the gentleman for yielding. I, too, would like to add my thanks for the passion and the commitment he has made to the right-to-life movement and the protection of the unborn—both he and his wife—not just here in the United States, but around the world. I have seen that happen. But we are here tonight. It is hard to stand in America’s House and think that we have to debate an issue that is so basic to who we are not as Repub-licans or Democrats, but as human beings. In the district that I represent, the biggest county is Erie County. In Erie County, there are 278,443 people, human beings. In 2014, abortions performed by Planned Parenthood ended the poten-tial lives of 324,000 human beings. It is stunning here in America’s House and in the United States of America, where we recoil at any action around the world where there is loss of life, especially when it happens vio-lently and at the hands of people who have absolutely no regard for human life. We still shudder that Adolph Hit-ler was able to eliminate 7 million Jews. We have ended the lives of 57 million Americans that could be here today. We lost their lives. We lost their poten-tial. We lost their value. The hypocrisy that drips from the people’s House— America’s House—when we have to stand and debate the right to life, the right of the unborn, and think that somehow this is an argument that we must win. This is something that never ever should have happened, not in America, not on our watch, not in our time. On January 22, hundreds of thousands of pro-life Americans will come to the Nation’s capital. They will be little noted by the media, but they will be here. They come every year. They come here every year with one purpose and one purpose only, and that is to protect the lives of the unborn. When, America, will we stand up and take the responsibility for the heinous activity that we have allowed to hap-pen on our watch? I thank my colleagues and I thank the gentleman for his passion and dedi-cation to the lives of the unborn. We will never ever walk away from this re-sponsibility to right a horrible wrong in the chapter of human history. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank Mr. K
ELLY for his very strong state-ment. More people now recognize, espe-cially through ultrasound, that birth is an event, not the beginning of life. In-creasingly, because the methods of abortion are so horrific—literal dis-memberment of the baby, chemical poisoning—people are waking up. Abor-tion is violence against children and injurious to women. Again, I thank the gentleman for his commitment to life. I yield to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this year’s March for Life marks the 43rd anniversary of Roe v. Wade, the Supreme Court decision that invented a constitutional right to abortion on demand. Justice Byron White dissented in the case, calling what the majority had done an ‘‘exer-cise in raw judicial power.’’ The March for Life draws thousands of people from across the Nation every year. The marchers come by foot, by car, by train, by plane. Why, Mr. Speaker, does this issue refuse to go away? I suggest because it goes to the heart of who we are and whether we will live up to the prin-ciples of our Nation’s founding docu-ments. Mr. Speaker, this issue touches the conscience of everyone. It can be dif-ficult to discuss and it is painful to be reminded of it. Everyone in this Chamber, everyone listening to this talk, was at one point in his or her life an unborn child. The March for Life speaks to this truth and speaks to the obligation of society to defend the defenseless. May this Nation rediscover the value of everyone, and may we continue to work for the day when all are protected. Mr. Speaker, if I might take a mo-ment to recognize the work of my col-league, Mr. S
MITH, who came to this House in 1980—35 years ago—and from that day has been fighting this fight. I am reminded, Mr. Speaker, of an-other statesman two centuries ago, William Wilberforce, who served in the Parliament of Britain. He was first elected there in 1780 and came to the cause to fight for the abolition of slav-ery in 1787, when he took on the cause with his colleagues of conscience. It took them 20 years, Mr. Speaker, to abolish the slave trade in the British Empire with the Slave Trade Act in 1807, and their work did not end. He continued his work for decades. He had to retire from Parliament in 1826, but consider that time that he put in to fighting the slave trade. They fi-nally abolished slavery in the British Empire in 1833, and William Wilber-force learned that Parliament had the votes to pass that just days before his death. This is a fight that goes on. Some-times justice takes time. In 1896, the Supreme Court ruled sep-arate, but equal, is okay. It took 58 years, Mr. Speaker, for them to correct that injustice in Brown v. Board of Education. Fifty-eight years. It has been 43 years since the injus-tice of Roe v. Wade, but this fight will continue. We will continue to work for the protection of all human life, for justice will not sleep forever. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank Mr. ROTHFUS very much for his leader-ship and for his very eloquent remarks. William Wilberforce reminds us all that, through prayer, fasting, tenacity, and the pursuit of justice, he really was able to stop the slave trade. Thankfully, in this Congress, we have so many leaders—men and women on the pro-life side—who stand up boldly and effectively, and we will win this. I thank the gentleman for his leader-ship. I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ), my good friend and col-league. b1815 Mr. OLSON. I thank my friend from the Garden State for allowing me to join this very important Special Order. Mr. Speaker, 43 years ago, an activ-ist, liberal Supreme Court decided Roe v. Wade and turned a penumbra, a shadow in our Constitution, into the legal right to privacy, which became the right to terminate innocent life. Since then, we have seen a decline in the value of human life in America. There is increased violence in our streets. Planned Parenthood staff dis-cuss the harvesting of baby parts. There is an erosion of moral fabric that stems from a lack of respect for life. It stems from Roe v. Wade. Americans expect instant gratifi-cation with no consequences for their own actions. The Catholic Church’s newest saint, Mother Teresa, once said: ‘‘It is a pov-erty to decide that a child must die so you may live as you wish.’’ I stand with Mother Teresa and all who value the sanctity of life, and will fight, con-tinue to fight every effort to give a voice to the voiceless before their lives are taken. All life is precious. All life is pre-cious. I thank my friend. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Thank you so very much, Pete, for those very moving remarks. I yield to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. F
LEMING ), who is the prime sponsor of the Health Care Conscience Rights Act, along with D
IANE BLACK  and J
EFFFORTENBERRY . Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend, C
HRIS SMITH, for all of the years of service in this area of pro-life and pro-family, not just domestically, but around the world. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for everything he does, and the bless-ings that he has provided to us. Also, Mr. Speaker, children are a joy to every mother and father. My wife and I share this joy, both as parents and as grandparents. As a matter of fact, I have seen all three of my grandchildren through ultrasound, before they were born, very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.104 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H159 January 7, 2016 
early in gestation, watched them move, watched them suck their thumbs. I fell in love with each and every one of them right there before they were born. Certainly, if I can love them be-fore they are born, God loves them and knows them before they are born. As a matter of fact, in Jeremiah 1:5, it says that God knows us before we are formed in our own mother’s womb. The value of human life, however, isn’t quantified through parental senti-mentality. Children, including devel-oping babies, the nascent life within a mother, are endowed by our Creator with the same unalienable rights as you and I have, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Good public pol-icy will reflect this understanding and protect the lives of the unborn, those who are today’s children and tomor-row’s leaders. Mr. Speaker, as we approach the an-niversary of the devastating 1973 U.S. Supreme Court decision that sanc-tioned the genocide—yes, the geno-cide—of 57 million children, I implore my colleagues and my fellow country-men to stand for life. America’s children, born and yet un-born, are our heritage and our future. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Thank you, Dr. F
LEMING . Thank you for your leadership on so many issues, including the conscience rights issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. H
UELSKAMP ). Mr. HUELSKAMP. Thank you, Con-gressman S
MITH. It is an honor, as al-ways, to join you this evening on this Special Order. I have told you before and I will tell you again, thank you for your leadership. I believe our efforts, though not fully successful, your ef-forts have saved many lives in this country. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the House voted to stop Federal funding from going to the evil abortion provider Planned Parenthood. It was another commonsense step in the many that our pro-life movement has made in our long, 43-year fight following the bar-baric ruling of Roe v. Wade by an unelected, unaccountable U.S. Su-preme Court. Tragically, it has been said 57 million innocent babies have lost their lives to abortion since that woeful, woeful deci-sion. I have said it before and I will say it again, I am eternally grateful that the birth mothers of my wife and I’s four adopted children chose life. On January 21, one of those children, my daughter Rebecca, will arrive on a bus in Washington, D.C., along with dozens of her classmates from Bene-dictine College, in Atchison, Kansas, to again participate in the National March for Life the following day. On that day, I will be joining thou-sand of Kansans in Topeka as we march, pray, speak, and celebrate the gift of our life in our State’s capital. I am proud of our efforts, and I hope my colleagues will join me in dem-onstrating their dedication to the sanc-tity of all human life, whether it be in the home State or here in our Nation’s Capital. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his exemplary leadership on this fundamental issue. I rise today on the 43rd anniversary of Roe v. Wade to remember the more than 50 million unborn lives we have lost in the decades since this Supreme Court decision was handed down. As a father of four young children, I can speak for millions of parents I know when I say that Jenny and I, we really fell in love with our children be-fore they were born. It is this unwaver-ing love for my own children and for others’ children that led me to the pro- life movement. Each year, thousands of fellow Hoo-siers travel to our Nation’s Capital to peacefully march for life and to cele-brate the sanctity of life at all stages. My experience working at the Crisis Pregnancy Center in Bloomington, In-diana, provided, I think, unique insight into some of the steps we can take to bring our love to bear, so that we might bring about changes in the law and restore, in this country, a culture of life. This year, we work with renewed pur-pose, with the force of public opinion firmly behind us. We know what hap-pened last year. It will be hard to ever forget. We witnessed an outpouring of rage when Planned Parenthood’s ac-tivities were uncovered. For the first time, millions had to confront, in liv-ing color, the callous disregard for human life exhibited by Planned Par-enthood’s employees and its proce-dures, unimaginable procedures, proce-dures that shocked the public con-science. I heard from folks back home, count-less Hoosiers, and they responded with complete clarity. No one, they said, should be forced to violate their con-science so abortion providers like Planned Parenthood can continue to operate. That just won’t stand. It is why our first order of business this year was to cut off taxpayer fund-ing that involves every single Amer-ican taxpayer and the practices of the Nation’s largest abortion provider. As promised, we sent the President a bill defunding Planned Parenthood. Now, to the Hoosiers who join me this year in marching for life, know that we will remain vigilant in our ef-forts to protect innocent life and the rights of conscience of the American people. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Thank you so much, Mr. Y
OUNG , and thank you, as a new and very rising star lead-er in our efforts to defend life. Your eloquence is greatly appreciated. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to honor the memory of the millions of babies that have been killed by abortion in the 43 years since the Supreme Court’s poorly reasoned, and I wrote down here appalling, but I heard one of my colleagues use the word barbaric, and I think that is the right word, barbaric ruling in Roe v. Wade. There are those who argue that life begins at birth. They are wrong. Life begins at conception. Anyone who has seen a precious baby in the womb on a sonogram cannot help but agree with me on this. One of the most moving events of my life was when I went with my wife and saw the first sonogram picture of my first daughter, Morgan. I still have the videotape of that. A printout is in my memory box in Corpus Christi. It was one of the most moving experiences. You know, I know lots of Members of Congress, a lot of them are here today, and they feel the same way as I do, that human life is something special, something sacred, and it begins at con-ception. But, unfortunately, there are not enough of us to override a Presidential veto of the legislation like we passed in this House defunding Planned Parent-hood. There are not enough of us to get a constitutional amendment to the States saying that life begins at con-ception. But we have got to continue to fight. It is our duty, it is our moral duty, to defend the unborn. It has been 43 years since Roe v. Wade. It is my prayer it is not another 43 years before America comes to its senses and respect for life, all life, be-comes the law of the land again. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank the gentleman from Texas for, again, a very eloquent statement, and my hope is that people are listening. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ). Mr. FLORES. I thank the gentleman from New Jersey, not only for yielding, but also for the many decades you have spent of trying to protect the lives of our Nation’s and, indeed, the world’s most vulnerable. Mr. Speaker, soon we will mark the 43rd anniversary of Roe v. Wade, a deci-sion that has irreparably damaged our Nation for generations and will con-tinue to do so until it is reversed. Since the Supreme Court decision, as you have heard earlier, America has lost 57 million defenseless and innocent lives, while millions more have been deeply hurt. Fortunately, the movement to pro-tect and defend life has made meaning-ful progress in the last year. The U.S. House of Representatives recently passed protections for unborn children, after 20 weeks, which is something the majority of Americans support. Yesterday, the House passed land-mark pro-life legislation that paves the way to transfer Federal funds from those who would kill children, unborn children, to thousands of community healthcare centers that provide true comprehensive health care for women. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.106 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH160 January 7, 2016 
Later this month, thousands from across the country will stand in front of this building to support life in our Nation’s largest peaceful protest. We will continue to work and pray with hope and resilience, to give a voice to the voiceless, to advocate for those who cannot advocate for them-selves, and to protect our Nation’s most vulnerable. As I close, I would ask all Americans to continue to pray for our country, and for our unborn children, and for those who reach out and try to protect those unborn children. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have re-maining? And I want to thank Mr. F
LORES  again for another very moving speech on behalf of the most basic human right, the right to life. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 24 minutes remaining. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ), my friend and colleague. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. S MITH, thank you for yielding, and also thank you for your amazing leadership on year after year putting this in front of the people and highlighting—or lowlighting—just what this has been. It is probably very mind-boggling for many Americans to contemplate that this has been going on for 43 years, since the Supreme Court ruling, out of whole cloth, Roe v. Wade. And it must be very mind-boggling when we remind Americans that at this time over 57 million abortions have been performed since that. We know that over 7 million have been performed by Planned Parent-hood—7 million—making them the largest abortion provider in the coun-try. b1830 Yet you will hear Planned Parent-hood argue that it is a tiny part of what they provide as far as what they might deem to be women’s health serv-ices. If it is such a minor part of what they do, then maybe they ought not be demanding and asking for government funding. Indeed, that was taken care of this week in the measure that was sent to the President’s desk. We will see what the President decides to do with that. With Planned Parenthood providing 323,000 abortions just in 2014 and receiv-ing $550 million in taxpayer funding, we see that this is a wrong that is mind-boggling to most Americans as well. With the sending of that bill to the President, it is going to make a strong statement that this House and this Senate can take action on something that many people, when they pay at-tention, find to be quite abhorrent. In-stead, there are alternatives out there that this legislation has provided that will allow women’s health to be funded and taken care of at many other cen-ters. Even Planned Parenthood can participate if they choose at some point to not be an abortion provider. The key here is that women’s health will be served and that with the infor-mation and with the decisions they made being fully informed on that, we can see many less abortions happen in this country as well as the moral fiber and integrity of this country held up by not doing such an abhorrent thing in so many cases. So I commend Mr. SMITH and all those fellow warriors out there who will be marching for life not only com-ing up soon this year, but they are out there every year battling for the cause to turn America back around into a place that is a little more moral and actually does care about women, their health, and their mental well-being when this decision has been put upon them. So, to my colleague, thank you once again for allowing me here tonight with this because it is very important that we remember just how heinous this is and how people need to be in-formed about that, pause, and take time to see what this really means for America and our own well-being. Thank you. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Doug, thank you very much for your excel-lent remarks reminding us that Planned Parenthood alone is directly responsible for killing 7 million unborn babies. That is a staggering loss of lives killed by one organization. So thank you for your leadership. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin, S
EANDUFFY . S
EAN offered legislation late last year that would have protected States that decided to defund Planned Parent-hood. It passed overwhelmingly, and I want to thank him for his leadership as well. Mr. DUFFY. I appreciate the gen-tleman from New Jersey yielding. I am grateful for his powerful advocacy for the unborn in his whole tenure here in Congress. You have been a true leader and an inspiration for some of us who have come after you. I have been in this institution for 5 years. Over the course of that 5 years, I have heard many of my liberal friends and a lot of friends from the Congres-sional Black Caucus talk about how there is targeting and unfair treatment of African Americans in the criminal justice system. I have heard them. In Financial Services, I hear them talk about how big financial corpora-tions target African Americans and mi-norities. As I turn on my TV, I listen to Black Lives Matter talk about how police and law enforcement are tar-geting African Americans and minority communities. I hear a lot in this institution from minority leaders about how their com-munities are targeted. But what I don’t hear them talk about is how their com-munities are targeted in abortion. Here are some stunning facts. The African American community is 15 per-cent of the country as a whole but ac-counts for 40 percent of the abortions. Fifteen percent of Americans, 40 per-cent of the abortions. In New York City, the most recent statistic is that African American women had more abortions than live births. There is a targeting going on in a lot of spaces and a lot of places, and it is going on in the abortion industry. And my liberal friends, Congressional Black Caucus Members, talk about fighting for the defenseless, the hopeless, and the downtrodden. There is no one more hopeless and voiceless than an unborn baby, but their silence is deafening. I can’t hear them. Where are they stand-ing up for their communities, advo-cating and fighting for their right to life? Black lives matter. They do. Indian, Asian, Hispanic, and White, all those lives matter. We should fight for all life, including the life of the unborn. We have talked about this a lot of times. In 2 weeks, there is going to be an amazing march that takes place right here at the Capitol, and you are going to see tens of thousands of people come out and support life. You are not going to see the national media cover this. They are going to ignore tens of thousands of people. Just think how powerful that rally is going to be when you have Reverend Al Sharpton standing on the stage talking about how he is going to fight for his community and his unborn babies and all the Congressional Black Caucus standing behind him saying: Do you know what? We are going to fight for these defenseless and voiceless little babies in our community that are being targeted. And just think if our President who sheds a tear for violence goes to the West Wing and sheds a tear for the un-born. I can only hope and pray. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Martin Luther King’s niece Alveda King has had two abortions. She made one of the most passionate comments and speech-es I have ever heard when she said: How can my uncle’s dream survive if we murder the children? She is now pro-life. She says: The other co-victim in every abortion besides the baby is the mom. And she is a victim herself. I yield to the gentleman from Illi-nois, P
ETER ROSKAM , a great leader on pro-life, first in the legislature in Illi-nois, and now here in Washington. Mr. ROSKAM. Thank you, Mr. S
MITH, for your leadership. I just want to paint a picture for you and take you to a scene about a year ago now. It was a Sunday in Chicago. I was invited to be a speaker at the March for Life in downtown Chicago. I got to the speech a little bit early and nobody was there. I was looking around, and all I saw was a small gag-gle of pro-abortion protesters. They looked quite pathetic, actually. There were not very many of them. They looked angry. They had signs that were quite ugly. I won’t repeat the phrases that were on the signs. It was quite a pathetic sight. I was observing them, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.107 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H161 January 7, 2016 
and I was kind of waiting for the event to happen. Then I heard something. I started to hear music, and it was a really good sound. I heard the music, and the music grew, and it became more dy-namic and louder and louder and louder and more exciting. Then thousands of pro-lifers came around the corner. It was a sight to behold. These were young people. They had balloons. They had yellow and white balloons. They had beautiful posters of little babies. There was a joy to them. I looked at the contrast between these two images. You have got young, dynamic, vibrant, and joyful—and pa-thetic on the other side. I thought to myself that if I needed any con-vincing—I don’t—I am convinced by the witness of these people. I choose to be with the joyful people. So now where are we in history? We are 43 years into this. We are 43 years into the scandal of Roe v. Wade, and yet we were told, the country was told, in 1973 when this decision came down, that this was all settled, that this was all done, and that there is nothing more to be done about it. It is Supreme Court doctrine, and those of you who are opponents, you need to get over your opposition and just move along, thank you. But there was something that was unsettling, not just about the juris pru-dence, but about the underlying moral claim upon which Roe v. Wade was built, and that was that it was built on a lie. The lie was that there is nothing significant in a mother’s womb when she is pregnant. That, of course, is not just a lie, it is an absurdity. So what has happened over the past 43 years? Science is our friend. More people are coming to understand—even nonscientific people. They see the ultrasounds. You have heard testimony from people who say: That is a life; that is a baby; that is a person; that is a boy; that is a girl; and that is worthy of my defending that little child. So the scandal of the Planned Par-enthood videos are actually a seminal moment, I think, in this great debate that is underway, because what you have noticed is there are not very many people that were defending the Planned Parenthood videos. Even peo-ple that purport to be pro-choice basi-cally said: I didn’t sign up for that. But yet that is exactly what abortion is. The Planned Parenthood videos took the mask off of the scandal of abortion and said that when you dehu-manize, when you say something doesn’t matter, then you can do any-thing you want to it. That is the scan-dal of the Planned Parenthood videos. So what is happening now is that there is a growing recognition among Americans—many of whom probably haven’t thought much about this ques-tion for a long, long time—but now the provocative nature of those videos forces them to have to deal with this and reconciling their own under-standing of science, their own deep feelings, and their humanity with the recognition of what is the nature of this thing that is going on? They say: Do you know what? I think I am lean-ing toward the pro-life side. We clearly see this in the data. Younger voters are much more pro-life. Why is that? They recognize the truth of the science, and they understand the nature of the humanity, and they un-derstand spiritually, actually, what is going on. I was sent to Congress by a lot of pro- life people. I was sent to Congress by pro-life people that placed their con-fidence in me. I am here to thank them, to bear witness, and to encour-age them as they go out for the March for Life in Chicago or the March for Life in Washington or the March for Life anywhere. I say thanks be to God for these people who have been faithful and true regardless of what the world has said about them. History will exon-erate the pro-life movement. Mr. S
MITH, I thank you for your time and your faithfulness. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Thank you very much, P
ETER . Those were out-standing comments about right to life and history as well, and we will prevail over time. So I want to thank you. I would like to now yield to the gen-tleman from Georgia, A
USTIN SCOTT. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. C
HRIS, I too want to thank you for your work on this issue. You are certainly one of the most passionate people I have seen on this issue in my years. I was thinking about what I might say, and my wife sent me a text. To fol-low up on what Mr. R
OSKAM was say-ing, she asked me if I could FaceTime. So I stepped into the room, and I FaceTimed with my wife and our beau-tiful little 10-month-old daughter. In 1973, the state-of-the-art tech-nology was the walkie-talkie. I can’t help but believe that the Court ruling would be totally different if a 3–D ultrasound picture like I got to see of my baby when she was 20 weeks old were put on the screen and a judge got the opportunity to say, ‘‘What do you call that?’’ Five fingers, five toes, eyes, ears, lips, nose—you can see them. You can see the hair. The technology is con-tinuing to prove what many of us in this country have known all along, and that is that life begins at conception and that God has given value to each and every single life. I just want to take 1 more minute to say thank you to the men and women that get up every morning and that work at our pregnancy care centers and help encourage those young moth-ers and those young families to have the child, to love that child, and to un-derstand that it is a gift from God. There is no telling how many men and women have been saved because of those volunteers at our pregnancy care centers throughout this country. So I want to say thank you to them. I want to say thank you to the people at the National Right to Life and, in my State, Georgia Right to Life and Georgia Life Alliance for the work that they have done to continue to educate people on that. I want you to know this fight con-tinues. This is a stain on our country. It is a sin that God is not going to allow us to get away with. We as a na-tion need to accept that life begins at conception, and we as Congress have a responsibility to do everything that we can to protect it. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Thank you so much for those comments. I couldn’t agree more that the megatrend in society is to embrace the unborn. It is the ultrasound tech-nology—the window to the womb—that has made the difference. So thank you for your outstanding comments. I would like to now yield to the gen-tleman from Ohio, STEVE CHABOT , the prime sponsor of the partial-birth abor-tion ban. It is one of the most hideous methods of abortion and has awakened many Americans to the violence that is inherent in every abortion. S
TEVE  C
HABOT is the man who wrote that law. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for his leadership. C
HRIS SMITH has been in a leadership position on this issue since before Henry Hyde. He took up the mantle for Henry. So thank you for doing that, C
HRIS. We appreciate that greatly. b1845 I have got a birthday coming up in a couple of weeks. It happens to be on January 22, which is the day that that horrific decision—the Roe v. Wade de-cision—was issued by the United States Supreme Court. On my birthday now, I can’t help but think about all those who are not among us because their mother made a different decision than my mom made almost 63 years ago. Because of that decision, those little innocent unborn children aren’t with us. My district is Cincinnati. We have had some of the original founding lead-ers of the pro-life movement there, es-pecially Dr. Jack and Barb Willke, who passed away within the last couple of years. But they were the leaders. The torch has been taken up by people like Paula Westwood, who now heads up Cincinnati’s Right to Life. As Mr. S
MITH mentioned, we have made some progress. I was honored to have been able to play a role in passing the ban on partial birth abortion, which is now the law of the land, as well as the Born-Alive Infants Protec-tion Act. When we consider the reprehensible practices of organizations like Planned Parenthood and what goes on there in their facilities all across America, it shows that we have a long way to go. As discouraging as it can get some-times, we must never give up, never give up in our fight to protect the most innocent among us, the unborn. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Thank you very much, Chairman C
HABOT . Chairman C
HABOT also is the full committee chairman of the Small 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.108 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH162 January 7, 2016 
Business Committee and has done yeo-man’s work on behalf of the unborn since he has been here, which is for a very long time. I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. I thank my friend, Mr. S
MITH, for all his work on this issue. When I was a young boy unable to read and my mother would read stories from the Bible, it was so enlightening. As I began to read in elementary school and read the Bible for myself, I was always so perplexed to read that there were generations thousands of years ago that devolved and degen-erated to the point that they would sacrifice their own children on the alter to avail other idols. It appeared clear that there is not much that is more despicable to God, and it makes sense for anyone who be-lieves there could be a God that there could be nothing more despicable than the taking of innocent life. That is what you find in the Bible. It may have been allowed to go on for generations for years. But when the wrath came, it was judgment that was truly ungodly. Since 1973, the realization that here in America we have been sacrificing the most innocent—before they could even be capable of saying a lie, steal-ing, any wrong whatsoever, their lives are taken away from them. And then to further realize that you have some legislators that have fought to prevent children that were at-tempted to be aborted, that were born alive—they fought to let them die even after they are born alive. Then you re-alize one such legislator now has been voted into the White House. It is a bit scary, where we are in America. I know there are some that say: You are a man. You can’t complain about the sacrifice of unborn children on the alter of inconvenience. I am not a slave, never have been, but I would hope that, if I were alive 200 years ago, I would have stood with John Quincy Adams, I would have stood with the abolitionists, to say: How can we expect God to keep bless-ing America when we are treating our brothers and sisters with chains and bondage? Well, I am alive today. We need to stop the sacrifice of the most innocent and the most helpless among us. Our judgment will be coming one way or another. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank my friend for his eloquent remarks. I just want to conclude, Mr. Speaker. Some day future generations will look back on America and wonder how and why such a seemingly enlightened society so blessed and endowed with education, advanced science, informa-tion, wealth, and opportunity could have failed to protect the most inno-cent and the most inconvenient. History will not look favorably on to-day’s abortion culture. I do believe we must replace it and work tirelessly to replace it with a culture of life. Modern medicine and scientific breakthroughs, especially the wide-spread use of ultrasound, has shattered the pernicious myth that unborn chil-dren are mere blobs of tissue and that abortion is anything but an act of vio-lence. A few years ago I met with Linda Shrewsbury, an academic and African American with a degree from Harvard, who spoke and said: ‘‘The lies that brought me to that day and its sorrowful aftermath are crystal clear in my mind—falsehoods and deceptions that concealed the truth about abortion. Lies planted in my thinking by clever marketing, media campaigns and endless repeti-tion led to a tragic irreversible deci-sion—the death of my first child.’’ ‘‘At age 20, I had no inkling of the mental and emotional darkness I was about to enter.’’ ‘‘After spending many years in de-nial, I did eventually find healing. When I understood and rejected distor-tions about fetal development, doublespeak about choice, rights, planned and wanted children, I under-stood the reality and victimhood of my aborted child. I understood the absence of moral bases for choosing to ’dis-enti-tle’ an innocent human being of life. When I embraced truth, truth set me free and I finally gained inner peace.’’ We believe that there are two victims in every abortion: the unborn baby and the mother. Linda Shrewsbury found peace. We need to protect women from the violence of abortion, as well as ba-bies. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CHILD CARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, a couple of decades ago sup-port for child care fell under conserv-ative attack. At the time, the argu-ment went that offering low cost or free child care to working families would create an incentive for women to leave their homes and their traditional roles as caretakers. That argument attempted to cap-italize on panic about the collapse of the so-called traditional families. But to be honest, I don’t think it ever had teeth in the first place. The reason most women left home to enter the workforce, the real reason that countless women work today, is to make ends meet. In an economy that is built to work for corporations and their CEOs, working families have found themselves trying to stretch every dollar. The leadership of this House seems content to keep that struggle going. It is time to take a second look at poli-cies that will help our middle class. It is time to stand up for high-quality child care, accessible and affordable for every family, and a childcare work-force that earns the pay they deserve. Mr. Speaker, I want to make some-thing very clear. This is neither an iso-lated problem, nor is it one with lim-ited impact. This is the new normal. In addition to outrageous costs, limited access to quality child care and pre-K means stunted development for chil-dren and further division between those with means and those without. If you have got the resources, child care that costs more than the median rent isn’t a big deal. If you have got the resources, child care that costs more than tuition at a public college across more than half of the country isn’t a big deal. If you have got the resources, you can give your child a leg up with pre- K and child care that sets them up for academic success, higher wages, and better jobs and careers. If you don’t have these resources be-cause you are working minimum-wage jobs or your wages have been flat for years or you are one of the hundreds of thousands of Americans still unem-ployed, leaders in Congress say: Well, too bad about that. That is unaccept-able. Mr. Speaker, the average cost of child care for a family with an infant and a 4-year-old is $17,755. In my State of New Jersey, the average cost for the same family would be $21,000. That price tag is outrageous, and it probably has quite a bit to do with why only 35 percent of pre-school-age chil-dren are currently enrolled in pre-K programs despite the benefits that pre- K offers. Ninety percent of brain development happens before the age of 5. Every dol-lar invested in early childhood edu-cation returns in public benefits. There are few better ways we can spend our money. Mr. Speaker, there is one more rea-son we are making this a priority. The teachers responsible for our youngest minds earn salaries that cannot cover the expenses of their own families. While first grade teachers earn roughly $45,000 annually, pre-K teachers earn only $27,000. These men and women hold one of the most important roles in our society and make some of the greatest impacts on our kids. They deserve pay that matches the value they offer. This issue has waited long enough for attention from this Nation’s leaders. It is time for Congress to make sure that every family has access to child care and early childhood education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.110 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H163 January 7, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. B
ASS). Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in calling for our fellow Members of Congress to come together to assist hardworking families and children. We need to act together to provide parents and caregivers with the re-sources necessary to ensure that every family has access to safe and affordable child care. Specifically today, I am speaking out for the over 157,000 children in the fos-ter care system who are 5 years old or younger. Congress must face two important facts. The cost of child care is having a detrimental impact on working fami-lies, and it is our children who suffer as a result. In my home city of Los Angeles, it is estimated that an annual income of nearly $74,000 is necessary to secure a modest, yet adequate, standard of liv-ing for a two-parent, two-child family. In reality, some of the neighborhoods I represent have a median household income of less than $28,000 a year, which translates to more than $45,000 below what is needed for a modest standard of living. To make up this difference, far too many working families, especially sin-gle-parent families, are forced to put their children into inadequate child care, which is often what they can af-ford. After a baby is born, too many moth-ers and fathers must immediately re-turn to work in order to pay bills, and one of those bills becomes sky-rocketing childcare costs. In fact, there are many children who wind up in the foster care system be-cause their parents have left them un-supervised because they had to make a choice: stay home because they didn’t have child care or go to work and leave those children unattended. When par-ents make that decision, they can wind up then losing custody of their children to the foster care system. Last January President Obama took a bold step to support children and working families by proposing to ex-pand access to high-quality child care for low-income families. In partnership with States, this in-vestment will help over 1 million addi-tional young children over the next decade by supporting States’ efforts to build up the supply of quality child care available to low-income families. One way to solve the childcare needs of working families is to arrange for someone other than parents to care for children. My home State of California has taken a different approach. For over a decade, California has of-fered paid family leave to help working families stay at home to take care of a new child. This law is not only helping mothers bond with their newborn chil-dren, but it is also enabling more and more men to take time off work when a child is born, ensuring that more fa-thers stay involved with their chil-dren’s lives. b1900 We can say we support families, but to truly put families first, Congress needs to come together to provide ef-fective paid family leave to mothers and fathers when a baby is born. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank the gentlewoman from California for all of the advocacy she represents for those young people, those children, who are most vulnerable to us. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ), who is the sponsor of the Progressive Caucus’ universal childcare resolution. Ms. BONAMICI. I thank the gentle-woman for yielding. I also thank the gentlewoman from California for her wise remarks and for her leadership, especially on issues fac-ing foster children in our country. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to discuss a very important issue that af-fects many families across the country, and that is the need for affordable, quality child care and to encourage all of my colleagues to cosponsor House Resolution 386. This resolution, which I introduced in July, with the support of 27 original cosponsors, affirms the com-mitment of Congress to put high-qual-ity child care within the reach of every hardworking family, regardless of how much one earns. Mr. Speaker, access to high-quality child care is essential to the well-being of children and families. Really, when we think about our economic future and about the quality of life in our communities, these are such important issues. I will share with you a real story. Deondre is a 9-year-old boy in Oregon who understands this issue well. He shared this experience with his childcare provider, Ms. Renee, who takes care of him and his brother while his mother goes to school and works. Deondre said: ‘‘My mom works and goes to school. Sometimes she is done by 6:30, but, other days, she is not done until midnight... Ms. Renee,’’ he says, ‘‘picks both of us up from school, makes us dinner, helps us with home-work, and puts us to bed.’’ Mr. Speaker, Deondre’s story is just one example, but it illustrates the crit-ical role that childcare providers play in children’s lives, and it emphasizes the value of high-quality child care for working parents. It is pretty clear, though, that our policies have not kept pace with our changing family structure and with our evolving workforce. In more than 60 percent of the married couples with children in the United States, both par-ents are working. In more than 40 per-cent of households, mothers are the sole or primary breadwinners for the families, and 34 percent of children are living with an unmarried parent. Ac-cess to affordable, quality child care is critical to the stability of families and to the communities across the country. Childcare costs also affect children’s well-being and the local economy. In Washington, D.C., for example, families pay more than $20,000 each year, on av-erage, for a child’s care; and in many States, including in my home State of Oregon, the cost of child care exceeds in-State tuition at public universities. We hear a lot about how rising tuition costs create barriers to accessing post-secondary education, and this, too, is a critical issue. I know many of my col-leagues in both the House and the Sen-ate—frankly, on both sides of the aisle—are eager to curb the cost of col-lege to enable more students to get a higher education. Yet, in many places, the cost of caring for our infants often outpaces the cost of earning a univer-sity diploma. Mr. Speaker, we need to be address-ing the soaring costs of child care with the same urgency with which we seek to rein in college costs. Just as shut-ting students out of college has tre-mendous economic consequences, the fact that families must spend a grow-ing share of their incomes on child care also comes with consequences. This is going to require some long-term think-ing, and we have to really look into our future as to what this investment means for our families. Sadly, but not surprisingly, low-in-come families tend to be the hardest hit by the rising costs of child care. Some families with limited means spend about 40 percent of their house-hold incomes on child care, and some estimates suggest that the inability of employees to find reliable child care costs companies billions of dollars in lost output. We see some companies now having on-site child care—and that is great—but they are few and far between. The high cost of child care is truly an issue of equity. When families are forced to make sacrifices to care for young children, these sacrifices dis-proportionately fall upon women and people of color. A recent Pew Research study found that, over the last 15 years, the cost of child care has likely contributed to an increasing number of mothers who have to put their careers on hold. Of course, there is nothing wrong with parents who choose to stay home with their children—absolutely not, when that is their choice—but for many parents in low-income house-holds, leaving jobs to care for children is not a choice. These parents cannot afford to work and pay for child care. What do they do? Before childcare costs became unaffordable, more mothers were join-ing the workforce, were pursuing ca-reers, and were contributing to the fi-nancial stability of families. Addition-ally, the childcare field primarily em-ploys women, many of whom are under-paid—probably most of whom are un-derpaid. In fact, a new Economic Pol-icy Institute study found that childcare workers are approximately twice as likely as other workers to live below the poverty line. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.111 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH164 January 7, 2016 
When I went to college years ago, I had a friend who ran the childcare cen-ter at the university. He made a com-ment to me once that really stuck with me. He said that people pay more per hour to park their cars in the parking garage than they do to have them look after their children. Now, that is unac-ceptable. It is important to pay childcare workers well so we can re-cruit and retain great people to take care of our children, who are the next generation. Very few workers receive healthcare coverage or pension plans or any kind of retirement security. For many childcare workers who have chil-dren themselves, the cost of child care for their own children is truly out of reach. For many of our country’s minority households, affordable child care is not only expensive, it is hard to find. The gap in wealth between White and Black households is the largest it has been in several decades. To exacerbate these challenges, low-wage jobs frequently have nontraditional schedules, which makes accessing high-quality child care especially difficult. Mr. Speaker, many families are caught in this financial trap of work-ing parents who are struggling and who are doing their best. They are trying to make ends meet in the face of rising costs and stagnant wages, but they are forced to choose between leaving the workforce to care for their children, which can push their families closer to poverty, and handing over their pay-checks to cover the cost of child care, which has a similar result on their household finances. In reality, there is no easy solution for these distressed families—dis-tressed and stressed, I might add. More than 60 percent of young children at-tend child care so that their working parents can earn a living. At the same time, child care costs more than $10,000 a year in many places—here in D.C., it is even more—and it too often rises faster than household incomes; but the problems caused by unaffordable child care extend beyond family finances. High-quality early childhood edu-cation produces many benefits for chil-dren that continue well into the future, and this is that long-term investment that I am talking about. Children who access these programs see long-term benefits, including success in school, improved employment outcomes, and good health. When families can’t ac-cess those high-quality childcare pro-grams, their children may lose access to some of the benefits of early learn-ing, like developing literacy and team-work skills. Congress does have a role to play in addressing these problems, and this is one of the most important investments we can make in our future. We must advance these existing programs that are effective at supporting working families and that are preparing chil-dren for success down the road. Head Start is an example of one such program. It serves, roughly, a million low-income people—more than 12,000 in my home State of Oregon. For each of these children and families, Head Start provides a quality early childhood edu-cation and increases access to health insurance, housing assistance, and job training. If you have never visited one of your Head Start facilities in your district, I encourage you to do so. They are really working hard to engage the families and to really get that early learning. The benefits of Head Start for fami-lies and children are well-documented. Last year, more than 200,000 families in Head Start received job training and adult education services, and studies show that children in Head Start are better prepared for kindergarten and that they make gains in learning and in social-emotional development. Pre-school Development Grants, including a new program that just passed re-cently as part of the Every Student Succeeds Act, will help States to im-prove access to early childhood edu-cation programs. Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to do its part to promote uni-versal prekindergarten programs. On a related note, my State of Oregon is in-stituting full-day kindergarten next year, and Congress should consider how it can support similar efforts in other States. Also, Federal child nutrition pro-grams, including the Child and Adult Care Food Program, increase children’s access to nutritious meals. We expect children to learn and to do well and to thrive, but if they are hungry, they can’t do that, Mr. Speaker. The Child and Adult Care Food Program can help to deflect some of the childcare costs that are passed down to parents while also encouraging healthy eating habits and supporting children’s development. I have introduced the Early Child-hood Nutrition Improvement Act. This is a bipartisan bill that makes com-monsense, positive changes to the Child and Adult Care Food Program. This bill will encourage more childcare providers to participate in the pro-gram, which, in turn, means that more American children will receive nutri-tious meals and that more childcare providers will receive support to pro-vide those meals—again, getting a good, healthy start for those kids in our communities. The Early Childhood Nutrition Im-provement Act also authorizes childcare providers to offer additional healthy meals or snacks. Many work-ing families rely on full-day care, but the Child and Adult Care Food Pro-gram only supports two meals a day. A child who is in care all day—sometimes until 8 p.m. or even later—needs to get a nutritious meal in the evening. That is good for kids, it is good for families, and it is good for our future. Prekindergarten and child nutrition programs are examples of how the Fed-eral Government and we in Congress are playing an important and effective role in supporting working families and in investing in better outcomes for those families in the future; but, Mr. Speaker, we certainly could be doing more. Congress should promote fair work schedules, paid time off for par-ents and caregivers, which my State just did at the State level, and higher wages for working families, including for people who work in the childcare field. I want to add, Mr. Speaker—and my colleague from California mentioned this—that many moms now go back to work within 2 weeks of giving birth. For those women here who are listen-ing and who have given birth, you know how challenging that is for fami-lies. Twenty-five percent of women in this country go back to work 2 weeks after giving birth. We are the only in-dustrialized country in the world that does not offer paid leave for women who have children. We need to change that and get a better start for our kids, for our moms, and we need to respect those working families. As we continue to pursue efforts to make child care affordable for all fami-lies, I encourage my colleagues to co-sponsor H. Res. 386. Let’s show our sup-port for our country’s childcare work-force, its children, its hardworking families, and the future of our families and our country. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank the gentlewoman from Oregon very much for her work, for her resolution, and for her advocacy. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ). Mr. FATTAH. Let me thank the gen-tlewoman who has organized this Spe-cial Order. There is no greater cause that could be the focus of our attention in this au-gust body than that of future genera-tions of Americans. Too much time is focused on the next election, so I want to thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for focusing the House today on the next generation. Mr. Speaker, with certainty, we know that early childhood, quality daycare, and early education are the fundamental building blocks. We as a nation are competing with countries like China and India, which have very populated nations. We need to make sure that every single American child has the ability to rise up to his poten-tial so that our Nation can remain number one in the world. I serve on the Appropriations Sub-committee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies. In the last couple of weeks, we have done our work and have passed the appropriations bill, and, this year, we have made some progress. I first want to talk about the good news. b1915 We did appropriate $2.7 billion for the Child Care and Development Block Grant, and we increased it over last year, FY15, by $326 million. Now, that is the good news. The problem, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.112 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H165 January 7, 2016 
course, is that we still are a far cry away from providing for every family that will be eligible opportunities at affordable child care. Let me give you a ‘‘for instance’’ closer to home. I represent the birth-place of our democracy, Philadelphia. I think it is one of the greatest cities in the world. We spent about $300 million this year on Head Start and childcare activities, almost all of it Federal money; $190 million are coming out of the Child Care Block Grant I ref-erenced earlier, some $300 million. We are only providing for 33 percent of the families in Philadelphia who would be eligible for child care through this ef-fort. So we need to do more. Hopefully, the city and the State will be partners in this effort, but our Na-tion has to see this, as President Nixon once said, as a national imperative, that is, that we have a national inter-est in every one of these children living up to their potential. Now, 2 years ago, in a series done by WHYY and NewsWorks, they focused on child care. They told this story on one occasion about a young lady by the name of Queen Muse who was getting her degree from La Salle University, taking graduate courses. She was working very, very hard. She was ris-ing at a very early hour to drop off her young daughter at a family member’s home because she couldn’t afford ap-propriate child care and affordable child care. Now, here is someone doing what we want them to do, getting a college edu-cation, getting a graduate degree. We need to be doing more to provide those early rungs on the ladder of oppor-tunity for those who are in the early stages of family formulation and, in some cases, who are raising children as single parents. So there is much more that we can do. In Philadelphia, we have a system that, even though not perfect, is work-ing very well. I know through CCIS out on Greene Street in northwest Phila-delphia, there is an opportunity where families and parents can get access to quality child care, federally funded as a contractor with the Urban League. Again, we need to do more, and that is why I came here to the floor this evening. Now, I know that the Nation is pre-paring for the President’s town meet-ing on guns tonight, and that is an-other issue related to families and fam-ily safety. We totally support the President’s efforts in that regard, and I am going to work with the administra-tion as a member of the Appropriations Committee to help fund those gun safe-ty activities. In terms of child care, this is about families also, and making sure that the youngest among us have every oppor-tunity to learn and to grow. In fact, we know through the work we have done on brain science now that, as the Con-gresswoman from New Jersey says, this is the period of time in which the brain is like a sponge. It can learn almost anything. We should be doing so much more in our early childhood efforts, in our childcare efforts to develop the language skills and the reading skills for these young people as the basic building blocks for their lifelong edu-cation So I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and much more importantly, I thank her for her extraordinary lead-ership on the most important issue in our Nation, and that is the preparation of future generations of American lead-ers. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his wise words and the wisdom that has come with this ex-perience. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for her continued leadership as she brings those of us in the Congressional Progressive Caucus to the floor to speak on issues of con-cern for the American people. Let me also thank the gentlewoman from Oregon for her leadership. I am delighted to be an original cosponsor of her very important legislation that is championed by the Congressional Pro-gressive Caucus that is really demand-ing and calling for high quality, guar-anteed, affordable, and accessible child care for every American family and a strong childcare workforce that is paid a living wage, at least $15 an hour, and has a voice on their job. I have alongside of me just a picture of children that may be any child here in America, happy and smiling. Mr. Speaker, that is why we are standing on the floor of the House today, be-cause as Americans and as Members of the United States Congress it is our re-sponsibility to be able to provide for the happiness and smiling of our chil-dren. So I tell a story, as I begin my re-marks, on the importance of this Spe-cial Order and the importance of child care. Just a few years ago in my area in Houston, parents got a call that no parent wants to receive. These were parents of little children, and they got a call to come rushing to their daycare center. They were rushing because their daycare center was on fire. The tragedy is a young woman who had this business, whose family gave her this business so that she could have something to do and an income, had stepped away and went to a store and left little children under the age of 5 alone by themselves while a boiling pot of some form of food was on the stove. What happened was obviously that the pot caught fire and babies lost their lives, babies who could not move or help each other. She came rushing back with great remorse and emotion, but those babies were gone. That is the story of child care, Mr. Speaker. It is so very important that every child has the potential for great-ness, and that is why child care is so important. In today’s economy, the need for child care is a reality for the vast majority of families, but most working parents can’t afford it, even while childcare teachers are not even paid enough. Childcare teachers are struggling themselves and can’t pro-vide for their own children. Low wages and a lack of benefits lead in the high turnover. In the instance of childcare centers across America, many of them are un-regulated. Additionally, parents are struggling. On average, center-based child care for two children can cost more than rent or mortgage in every State. No one who works hard should have the downside as they care for oth-er’s children to not be able to care for theirs. In 2011, 49 percent of children ages zero to 4 with employed mothers were primarily cared for by a relative, their father, grandparents, sibling, other rel-ative, or mother, primarily because they could not afford other sources. Center-based care was 26 percent. Grandparents was 21 percent. Other rel-atives was 6 percent. Over 8 million children live in a sin-gle-parent household. Seventy-six per-cent of these single-parent households were employed. Sixty-seven percent of women in the workforce had a child under the age of 6. Thirty percent of women work at night and have a child under the age of 5. Twenty-nine per-cent of children in need of child care have multiple arrangements for child care that can include relatives or skilled childcare services. Sixteen per-cent of children in need of childcare services live in poverty. The high cost of child care, the cost of full-time infant care across the United States in 2012 ranged from $4,600 to $20,000. Mr. Speaker, that is more sometimes than a part-time worker makes or even a full-time worker makes. That is saying to the American people, to women, to fathers, and to grandparents that we do not care about your children. The cost of full-time care for a 4-year-old ranged from $3,900 to $15,000, and the cost of before- and afterschool programs ranged from $1,950 to $10,000. It is important, as we stand on the floor today, to make this statement: that guaranteed child care is really a necessity. It is a right. Why? Because I remember the Declaration of Independ-ence, though not the Constitution, that talks about the pursuit of happiness. What more pursuit of happiness is there than to ensure that the children who are pictured here on this poster board have the right and opportunity to quality child care and for parents to not have that very devastating call, the call a parent who is doing every-thing they can to provide for the fam-ily to rush away from their job because their babies had died in a raging fire because an unregulated childcare pro-vider left to go shopping while a food pot was burning on the stove? Recently, the Texas Department of Family and Protective Services began 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.114 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH166 January 7, 2016 
a ‘‘Don’t Be in the Dark Campaign’’ to educate the parents about the dangers of placing children in unregulated child care in Texas. The importance of regu-lated child care becomes unavoidably clear when one considers the fact that 13 children died in unregulated care. In 2006, 18 children died in unregulated care in the State of Texas. In order to stop deaths like this, we need universal care, we need quality care, we need teachers and workers who love what they are doing as they do, but are paid a livable wage, $15, so they too can provide for their families. Unfortunately, safe and affordable child care is not available as much as it should be in the State of Texas. Many working parents rely on State- subsidized care to meet their needs. In 2007, the Statewide waiting list for sub-sidized care was 17,000 in January, and it moved to 46,000 in October. So it is important to note, for exam-ple, in Austin, it costs about $43 a day to provide for full daycare for a tod-dler. However, the State will only pay a small amount. So this is a very important Special Order. It is to reinforce the fact that our obligation is to safely secure our children and to include our children in the constitutional rights, if you will, of providing for them the sense of a qual-ity of life that is worthy of them as the future of our Nation. I join with my colleagues in speaking about and supporting this resolution, but I also join with them to support the full funding of Head Start. Many times we will see that those who were a part of Head Start, in fact, Head Start was very important to their growth and their progress. I also want to include these agencies in my community, AVANCE and Neighborhood Centers, and say that if we had the universal access to child care, many faith institutions and oth-ers could be part of regulated, cer-tified, clean child care that could be made more reasonable for those work-ing parents who work very odd hours and work into the night and early morning and need the kind of around- the-clock child care that is so nec-essary. So I want to thank Congresswoman W
ATSON COLEMAN for her leadership, and I leave this podium again by say-ing every child in America is precious. Even as we hear those discussing issues of choice and issues that sometimes women have to make, we know that we love our children. Why don’t we, as the children are here, as they are toddlers and infants and growing up, make sure that no child goes longing for love, for food, for resources, and no child goes longing for quality child care. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her leadership and her commitment to every child in this country. I yield to my colleague from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), who is ever vigilant and diligent as it relates to preparing, edu-cating, and ensuring our better genera-tions to come. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN for her leadership on all of these issues, par-ticularly education. There is a growing bipartisan under-standing that in order for our Nation’s children, especially those in low-in-come communities, to fulfill their po-tential and succeed in college and ca-reer, that we must expand access to af-fordable, high-quality, early learning opportunities. Decades of research shows that prop-erly nurturing children in early years of life supports enhanced brain devel-opment, cognitive functioning, and emotional and physical health. Re-search has also shown that one invest-ment that leads to better educational outcomes, stronger job earnings, and lower crime rates is quality early learning programs. These programs help prevent and reduce achievement gaps for low-income students and cre-ate long-term benefits for our Nation, such as lower crime rates, lower teen pregnancy rates, and higher high school graduation rates. b1930 Yesterday I attended a screening of the documentary ‘‘The Raising of America,’’ which explained the chal-lenges working families have in raising children and helping them succeed. Even though there is nearly universal understanding of the importance of high-quality, early-learning opportuni-ties, many families are not able to af-ford or access these opportunities. As the documentary clearly explained, working families are more productive than ever, but our Nation lacks the Federal policies that these families need in order to better balance their work and family responsibilities. For example, unpredictable, unstable schedules place an undue burden on working families, impacting their abil-ity to maintain child care. We are among the richest nations in the world. The United States is the only such na-tion that does not provide paid leave to families to invest time in early devel-opment of their children. The United States doesn’t even provide universal access to quality, affordable child care. This is simply unacceptable. The Democrats on the House Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce have been working with our colleagues in the Democratic Caucus on a working families agenda. This agenda supports families by giving them the tools that they need to better balance work and family. The working families agenda calls for commonsense policies, such as paid sick leave, paid family leave, and ac-cess to universal, high-quality child care to help balance work and family responsibilities. In addition, it sup-ports increased wages by calling for an increased minimum wage and legisla-tion to reduce discrimination in the workforce. But access to high-quality child care is an integral part of the working fam-ily’s agenda. In the recently passed spending bill, we increased funding for the Child Care and Development Block Grants by $326 million. This increase is a strong, positive step in the right di-rection, but we must build on this ef-fort. That is because over 20 States cannot serve all of the eligible families, and some States aren’t even accepting eli-gible participants to sign up on their wait list. Now, we are not talking about whether the child is eligible or not or whether they receive it, but whether a child can even be placed on a wait list to hope for funding. If we want parents to work and we want children to be able to determine their futures, if we want strong and stable families, we must provide these families with access to high-quality child care and other early-learning op-portunities. These efforts are a na-tional priority, and all children deserve the opportunity to reach their full po-tential. Again, I want to thank you for your leadership for bringing this issue to a Special Order. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Congress-man, thank you for taking your time and sharing with us. We are all familiar with the phrase, ‘‘putting your money where your mouth is.’’ Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago we voted for a bill to fund govern-ment programs and extend tax cuts. While that bill was an important step forward compromise, it was far from perfect. It put our environment at risk by selling petroleum overseas and made countless tax breaks for multi-national corporations and special in-terests permanent. Although it did ex-tend programs like the child tax credit, it didn’t do nearly enough to protect working families or ensure a bright fu-ture for our Nation. We are in a new year, and we have got a chance for a fresh start, so let’s make affordable child care part of that new start. Mr. Speaker, I want to switch gears now and discuss an equally important topic that those in control of this House have tried to ignore, a topic that the President took action on this week. Gun violence is one of the greatest challenges this Nation faces. Over the past 10 years, we have lost more than 100,000 people to guns. Millions more have been victims of assaults, of rob-beries, and of other crimes where a gun was involved, and many of the individ-uals in possession of these weapons shouldn’t have had them in the first place. Three years since Newtown, just over a month since San Bernardino and Col-orado Springs, and with the dark memories of shootings of every scale in every city hovering over us constantly, it is time for change. Gun violence in the United States runs the gamut of motivations—from mental illness, to religious extremism, to political extre-mism, to disastrous accidents—but they all involve a firearm. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.115 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H167 January 7, 2016 
Many of these incidents are suicide, but they are all linked by the simple fact that they involve a firearm be-cause in the United States of America a group of ideologues have hidden be-hind misguided readings of the Con-stitution and make guns available to everyone imaginable, even folks on the terrorist watch list. The reality is that gun violence is an epidemic, and the NRA, along with those who blindly follow it, are deeply out of touch. When another tragedy strikes, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle reliably call for mo-ments of silence right here on the floor. While I support remembering vic-tims, I cannot support silence where action is needed. Silence, Mr. Speaker, is what keeps weapons on our streets. Silence is the reason we have lost friends, sons, daughters, brothers, and sisters. Silence is why we are the only developed nation in the world with this problem. The President has put forward a set of executive actions that make sense at the most basic level, from strength-ening background checks and bol-stering enforcement to improving men-tal health services and research on gun safety. The simple, commonsense measures President Obama announced this week will save countless lives. It is now up to us here in Congress to take the baton. Mr. Speaker, it is com-mon sense that someone who is not al-lowed to fly because they are a sus-pected terrorist shouldn’t be able to get a gun. It is common sense to ensure a standard uniform background check before someone can purchase a weapon. It is common sense that you should have to present identification to buy bullets, and it is time for our col-leagues to stand up for common sense. As the President said, we need to do it with the fierce urgency of now. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE AND GUN CONTROL IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New Jer-sey, and I thank her for guiding us over the past couple of minutes dealing with an important issue. Let me quickly move us forward be-cause, in just a few minutes, the Presi-dent of the United States will join with a number of Americans on a very im-portant townhall meeting dealing with the question of this very important issue of gun violence. Today I rise as the ranking member of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations Sub-committee of the Committee on the Judiciary, but I rise also, as my col-league, as a member of the Congres-sional Progressive Caucus that has been at the leadership. I thank both Chairman GRIJALVA and Chairman E
LLISON for their leadership and the opportunity for this time. Again, much was made of the fact that the President, in his last term, or his last year, sought to take on this very complicated issue. Much was made of the fact that the President chose gun violence as something that he took a personal and emotional in-terest in. Let me be very clear. There is never a time that is too short a time to con-front the horrors of gun violence in this country. Let me give you simply an example of what we face not with adults who have confronted each other with a gun, but toddlers who are get-ting shot on a weekly basis. For exam-ple, a 2-year-old in South Carolina found a gun in the backseat of the car he was riding in and accidentally shot his grandmother, who was sitting in the passenger’s seat. I found at least 43 instances this year of somebody being shot by a toddler 3 or younger. In 31 of these 43 cases, a toddler found a gun and shot himself or herself. These stories are emotional and they are real. In one instance, a 3- year-old managed to wound both of his parents with a single gunshot at an Al-buquerque motel. Shootings by tod-dlers have happened in 24 States so far this year. There is a story that comes to mind dealing with a little boy, a loving little boy in Kentucky who accidentally shot his 2-year-old sister to death. Why? Be-cause someone gave him a gun made by a manufacturer who made guns for children. Now, Mr. Speaker, I am not here to make moral judgments. That is some-thing that I would not do, give a child that is 5 years old a gun. But what I am here to speak to is how we can come together, those who advocate and use guns, those who believe in open carry, those who believe in concealed weap-ons, those who believe in rifle shooting and deer hunting. All of that is part of the American way. There is no angst with that. What I am saying and what the President is saying with a tearful, emo-tional plea that he made just a few days ago is that we in America can do better. The Constitution says we can do better. The Declaration of Independ-ence says we can do better. The First Amendment clearly provides us the ac-cess and the rights of free speech and movement, and the Second Amendment is clear that we do have a right to bear arms. Many of us historically believe that that was, of course, an amendment put in place to protect the beginning Founding Fathers and Mothers, if you will, in these early Colonies and to make sure that they were not overrun by the British. But it is still a standing amendment, and it takes a procedure for it to be undermined, which is the argument that I make for those who continuously raise the fact that the President and those of us who believe in gun safety or gun regulation—which is not controlled—are, in fact, trying to diminish the Second Amendment. We are not. But what we are trying to do is to do as the President has suggested: keep guns out of the wrong hands through background checks. For example, un-fortunately, the tragedy in South Caro-lina, Charleston, South Carolina, where a crazed individual wanted to provoke a race war, worshipped with nine pa-rishioners at Mother Emanuel Church, sat and prayed with the pastor, a dis-tinguished senator, and those other loving saints, then sprayed bullets and killed nine of them, that individual had items in his background that should have warranted him not getting a gun. But what happened under law? The storekeeper, the gunshop owner, after 3 days when that particular affirmation or approval had not come, he gave the gun anyway. Foolish. It is so very fool-ish. There should be an extensive re-quirement that there is a background check when you are buying a gun on the Internet or other places we are ex-changing guns. The President recognizes those kind of loopholes and wishes to avoid those kind of loopholes. The ATF is making clear that it doesn’t matter where you conduct business—from a store, at a gun show, or over the Internet—if you are in the business of selling firearms, you must get a license and conduct background checks. It baffles me why some people have said that won’t make any difference. Yes, it will, because a lot of times in gun shows people who are here to do wrong are, in fact, going to be taking any easy way to get guns. Let me cite you an example. I always hear that those cities who have rigid gun laws, it doesn’t matter. This is the argument I get from my friends in the NRA, and I call them my friends be-cause I hope one day we will sit down at the table of engagement and col-laboration because that is the Amer-ican way. Let me give you the statistics that make sense. New York has strong gun laws, and Governor Cuomo imple-mented some stronger gun laws after certain tragedies occurred in his State. But here are the statistics that argue and refute and extinguish the argu-ment of the NRA: 70 percent of the guns recovered by police in New York State in 2013 originated out of the State. The gun laws in New York are working, but because of their neigh-bors, they are suffering. That is why we need to have a regulated system that doesn’t take people’s guns away, but provides the safety and security that the American people determine. I didn’t say, Mr. Speaker, that 70 per-cent of the guns found in the hands of law-abiding citizens were from out of State. I said 70 percent of the guns that the New York City, NYPD, that has a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.116 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH168 January 7, 2016 
great deal of respect across this Nation as one of the top accredited law en-forcement agencies, 70 percent of those that they found were black-market guns coming into that State from else-where. That is a tragedy. I will tell you for sure that some of those guns were used to maim and kill and to fight in gun battles in the streets because we allow the kind of selling of guns without background checks and people going off and getting gun sales in the back of cars. We know that that has happened. ATF has finalized a rule to require background checks for people trying to buy some of the most dangerous weap-ons and other items through a trust corporation or other legal entity. Whatever we might say, I don’t believe that it is relevant for us to have the AK–47s just walking up and down the street, even if you want to say you be-lieve in open carry. b1945 Also, overhauling the background check system to make it more effective and efficient. It is worth noting how many background checks are done. Make this 24 hours, 7 days a week. Maybe that would have prevented, I think, the tragedy in South Carolina. Make our communities safe from guns. Call on U.S. Attorneys to explain to people about gun safety. When I was on the Houston City Council, I introduced the first gun ordi-nance in a city—that gun safety ordi-nance is in place today—which was to hold parents responsible for children getting guns and shooting someone. Why? Because those guns should have been secured. There is nothing uncon-stitutional about regulating and saving the lives of children. Also, introducing 200 new ATF agents. I am very proud that Congress-woman R
OBIN KELLY and myself—and we invite my colleagues to join in this legislation—introduced legislation that would, in fact, provide for 200 addi-tional Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearm and Explosive agents and in-vestigators to enforce gun laws. This is the very same thing that Republicans have been talking about. It is H.R. 4316. I invite my colleagues to join in that legislation to make a difference in the lives of so many. Let me say that, in addition, we want to make sure that we are highlighting the importance of receiving complete criminal history records and criminal dispositions. We want our States to be collaborative. Send to us the accurate records of those who perpetrate a crime in your community. That is making this particular background check more effective. We are going to do the heavy lifting 24 hours, 7 days a week with bet-ter technology. Make our communities safe, as I said. Teach about gun safety. Increase men-tal health treatment and reporting. We are talking about $500 million. The President needs our collaboration. I am very glad that we have also in-troduced, along with Congresswoman BASS, the authority to authorize fund-ing to increase access to mental health care treatment in order to reduce gun violence. In the aftermath of the President’s speech, I heard all of this talk about how we should be getting involved in gun violence and we should be talking about gun violence. I heard one Presi-dential candidate saying that we should be looking for the criminally ill. Well, what do you think this is? The President is asking for help from the ATF, and now he is asking for grants and the resources to deal with the criminally ill or those who are suf-fering from mental health issues and to stop them from committing gun vio-lence, the very circumstance that oc-curred with respect to the horrificness of Sandy Hook. And as I hold up this poster board— the individual ultimately took his life and the life of his mother—can we imagine these babies that lost their lives? In fact, we understand that some of those law enforcement officers could barely stand up as they went in and looked at the carnage. Certainly, that individual was known to have suffered from some form of mental illness. There should have been an intervention there. The President is asking for resources to help us with those who are suffering from mental health issues. He wants the Social Security Administration, as indicated, to begin a rulemaking proc-ess to include information about bene-ficiaries who are, in fact, suffering from mental health needs. This is not an invasion of privacy. This is information. This is not knock-ing on the door of those who are suf-fering from mental health concerns. But it is helping us be more effective if that individual seeks to purchase a gun. We want to shape the future of gun safety technology. The President di-rected the Departments of Homeland Security—which I am on—Defense, and Justice to conduct or sponsor research. Guns can be more safe. If a child gets a gun in their hand, there can be more detail to pulling that trigger. The little boy that shot his sister, there was one bullet left in that gun. The parents didn’t know it. It was left in a corner. He picked it up. It was his toy gun. He is a child. We need to be able to be responsive and start boxing each other and get around the same circle of improve-ment. Keeping guns out of the wrong hands through background checks is what the President has offered. Then, of course, we need to work to make our communities safe from gun violence by hiring 230 additional NICS examiners and other staff to assist with processing mandatory background checks. I think I mentioned the mental health resources that I think are so very important. I would also suggest that we ensure federally that people keep their guns safe. It is very crucial that we insist that guns are safe. Let me also indicate that Mr. C LY-
BURN has a very important initiative— he represents the district where the tragedy occurred in South Carolina—to get rid of this 3-day check and to make sure that everyone has a background check, no matter what is occurring. Let me finish, Mr. Speaker, with in-dicating the gun-related homicides in this country. The rate of gun-related homicides in the U.S. is far higher than that of other large and affluent coun-tries. Are they any less stronger than we are? We have the highest number of homicides done by guns. We have Italy, Taiwan, Canada, Spain, Germany, Australia, the United Kingdom, France, South Korea, and Japan. Even with the terrorist activi-ties, they are way below America. And you can see here the 353 mass shootings in America in 2015. All of those are by guns. If you are too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun in America. I have the no-fly for foreign terrorists. But, more importantly, we had legislation that Mr. K
INGspon-sored, I believe, and others that just simply said: If you are on the no-fly list, you can’t have a gun. I want to find common ground, but most of all, I want to save lives. Here today I am saying to my colleagues that we are not saving lives if we are not sitting at the table of involvement. I will include in the R
ECORD a whole list of legislative initiatives about gun storage and safety devices and firearms transfer reporting, which is similar to what happened in South Carolina, where this gentleman got a gun—effec-tively, he would not have been ap-proved—also, one on establishing a se-lect committee on gun violence and gun violence research—these are by other Members—also, recognizing gun violence is a public health emergency, and coming back to allow the Centers for Disease Control to finally do re-search on the impact of gun violence. 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION LEGISLATION &  
LEGISLATIVE SUPPORT  1. H.R. 4315 (Rep. Jackson Lee)—Mental Health Access and Gun Violence Prevention Act-authorizes $500 million for mental health treatment access and to assist in the report-ing of relevant disqualifying mental health information to the FBI’s background check system NICS. 2. H.R. 4316 (Rep. Jackson Lee)—Gun Vio-lence Reduction Resources Act—authorizes the hiring of 200 additional ATF agents and investigators for enforcement of existing gun laws. 3. H.R. 47 (Rep. Jackson Lee), Gun Storage And Safety Devices For All Firearms Act, a bill directing the Attorney General to en-force that any firearm transferred to a per-son who is not a licensed importer, licensed manufacturer, or licensed dealer must pro-vide a secure gun storage or safety device. 4. H.R. 3125 (Rep. Jackson Lee), Accidental Firearms Transfers Reporting Act, a bill di-recting the Federal Bureau of Investigations to report to Congress semiannually the num-ber of firearms transfers resulting from the failure to complete a background check within 3 business days, and the procedures followed after it is discovered that the fire-arm transfer has been made to an ineligible person. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.117 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H169 January 7, 2016 
5. H.R. 3051 (Rep. Clyburn, James, SC–6) Background Check Completion Act: a bill to eliminate the requirement that a firearms dealer transfer a firearm if the national in-stant criminal background check system has been unable to complete a background check of the prospective transferee within 3 busi-ness days. 6. H. Res. 467 (Rep. Thompson, Mike (CA–5) Establishing the Select Committee on Gun Violence Prevention, responsible for issuing a final report and recommendations, includ-ing legislative proposals within 60 days of its establishment. 7. H.R. 3926 (Rep. Honda, Michael, CA–17) Gun Violence Research Act, to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for bet-ter understanding of the epidemic of gun vio-lence. 8. H.R. 224 (Rep. Kelly, Robin, IL–2) the Recognizing Gun Violence as a Public Health Emergency Act: To help us learn more about the true public health impact of domestic gun violence, and provide us with the data we need to make sound recommendations to make our communities safer. 9. H.R. 225 (Rep. Kelly, Robin, IL–2) Fire-arm Safety Act of 2015: to amend the Con-sumer Product Safety Act to remove from the definition of ‘‘consumer product’’ the ex-clusion for any article sold by a manufac-turer, producer, or importer that would be subject to a firearms sales tax under the In-ternal Revenue Code for pistols, revolvers, and other firearms, including shells and car-tridges, thereby permitting the Consumer Product Safety Commission to issue safety standards for such articles. 10. H.R. 226 (Rep. Kelly, Robin, IL–2) Keep-ing Guns from High Risk Individuals Act: A bill to amend the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to prohibit the sale or dis-position of a firearm or ammunition to any person knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that such person: has been con-victed of a crime of violence in the previous 10 years; is under age 25 and has been adju-dicated as an adult as having committed a crime of violence; has been convicted on 2 separate occasions in any period of 3 con-secutive years in the last 10 of an offense that has the possession or distribution of al-cohol or a controlled substance as an ele-ment; or has been convicted of stalking. And further prohibits any such person from ship-ping or transporting in interstate or foreign commerce, or possessing in or affecting com-merce, any firearm or ammunition; or re-ceiving any firearm or ammunition which has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign commerce. 11. H.R. 1217 (Rep. King, Peter, NY–2) Pub-lic Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act of 2015: A bill to amend the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to reauthorize for FY2016–FY2019 the grant pro-gram for improvements to the criminal his-tory record system, and establishes the Na-tional Commission on Mass Violence to study the availability and nature of fire-arms, including the means of acquiring fire-arms, issues relating to mental health, and the impacts of the availability and nature of firearms on incidents of mass violence or in preventing mass violence. 12. H.R. 2767 (Rep. Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank,’’ Jr., GA–4), Airport Security Act of 2015: Directs the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) to establish a program to prohibit all but specified authorized indi-viduals from possessing a firearm at a cov-ered airport, including any individual who enters the airport, or exits public transpor-tation at it, for air travel, meeting another individual, picking up cargo, or employment. 13. H.R. 3497 (Rep. Engel, Eliot, NY), Pro-tect Law Enforcement Armor (PLEA) Act: To ban the sale of the FN Five-seveN and other armor-piercing handguns and ensure new weapons like it stay off our streets. 14. H. RES. 520 (Rep. Lawrence, Brenda, MI–14), Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Federal firearms laws should be rigorously enforced, that all appropriate measures should be taken to end the flood of unlawfully purchased firearms into our communities, and that adequate re-sources should be provided to accomplish such purposes. 15. Member, Gun Violence Prevention Task Force 16. Panelist, Congressional Roundtable on Gun Violence in Communities of Color and Combating ‘Bad Apple’ Gun Dealers 17. Congressional Letter, urging major news broadcasters to raise greater awareness to the high number of casualties by guns that occur every day by broadcasting a list of names and photos of victims in every state. 18. Congressional Letter, requesting a meeting with the United States Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, to discuss alternate gun crime and violence prevention policies. 19. Congressional Letter, requesting Execu-tive Action by President Barack Obama to clarify what it means to be ‘engaged in the business’ of selling guns in order to prevent unlicensed sellers from engaging in the sale of guns without background check. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. If we don’t stand together, then the long litany of chil-dren that have died by gun violence, Mr. Speaker, will continue. The only thing that will stop this is for us to recognize that we have gun deaths, gun deaths by justified homi-cide and criminal homicide, mass shootings, mental health shootings with guns, and suicide, guns and do-mestic violence. The only thing that will happen is that it will continue. Does anyone want this kind of massacre to continue at the hands of someone using a gun? Some of the aspects of what the President has presented—background checks, mental health resources, ATF, FBI—200 more—if we join together, I can assure you America can find her comfortable place in the sun with a wonderful Constitution and democracy, where all of us, no matter what our philosophy, what our political party, can come around the issue of saving lives. I am pleased to join my colleagues of the Congressional Progressive Caucus in this im-portant Special Order on universal child care and gun violence in America. I would like to thank Congresswoman B
ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN for convening this evening’s Special Order and for her dedicated leadership on critical issues impacting children and working families, including this evening’s topic of universal childcare and gun safety. As we turn to the topic of gun violence in America, I would also like to thank President Obama for his leadership and for helping to bring this issue to the forefront of our national priorities. Gun violence in America can no longer be swept under the rug, ignored or irrationally jus-tified. We are in a state of national crisis and it is time to act. Upon taking office, every Member of Con-gress makes a solemn pledge: to protect and defend the American people. This is the most important oath we take as elected officials—and, to honor this promise, we must do everything in our power to stem gun violence in our nation. Yet, after another mass shooting and count-less acts of gun violence in communities across our country every day, House Repub-licans are still unwilling to act to stop gun vio-lence and save lives in American commu-nities. The Democrats have been calling for an im-mediate vote on the bipartisan King-Thompson Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act to strengthen the life-saving background checks that keep guns out of the wrong hands. This Congress has a moral obligation to do our part to end the gun violence epidemic. Now is the time for Republicans to join Democrats in protecting the lives of Americans by taking common sense steps to save lives. The Administration has announced two new executive actions that will help strengthen the federal background check system and keep guns out of the wrong hands. I have introduced two bills that will hopefully enhance these executive actions and support the President’s recently announced action on gun violence. H.R. 4315—Mental Health Access and Gun Violence Prevention Act—authorizes $500 mil-lion for mental health treatment access and to assist in the reporting of relevant disqualifying mental health information to the FBI’s back-ground check system NICS. H.R. 4316—Gun Violence Reduction Re-sources Act—authorizes the hiring of 200 ad-ditional ATF agents and investigators for en-forcement of existing gun laws. The President included these specific requests in yesterday’s announcements and these bills respond to those requests. Additionally, the Department of Justice (DOJ) is proposing a regulation to clarify who is prohibited from possessing a firearm under federal law for reasons related to mental health. And the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is issuing a proposed regula-tion to address barriers preventing states from submitting limited information on those per-sons to the federal background check system. Ending gun violence in America requires a comprehensive approach—we must come to-gether and work towards this common goal. Too many Americans have been severely injured or lost their lives as a result of gun vio-lence. While the vast majority of Americans who experience a mental illness are not violent. However, in some cases when persons with a mental illness does not receive the treat-ment they need, the result can be tragedies such as homicide or suicide. We must continue to address mental health issues by: Supporting expanded coverage of mental health services and enhanced training and hir-ing of mental health professionals; and Continuing the national conversation on mental health to reduce stigma associated with having a mental illness and getting help; and We must also continue to do everything we can to making sure that anyone who may pose a danger to themselves or others does not have access to a gun. The federal background check system is one of the most effective ways of assuring that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.050 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH170 January 7, 2016 
such individuals are not able to purchase a firearm from a licensed gun dealer. To date, background checks have prevented over two million guns from falling into the wrong hands. The Administration’s two new executive ac-tions will help ensure that better and more reli-able information makes its way into the back-ground check system. The Administration, however, has acknowl-edged the need for collective action and con-tinues to call upon Members of Congress to pass common-sense gun safety legislation and to expand funding to increase access to mental health services. I too call upon my colleagues to come to-gether and pass legislation that will help stop the loss of innocent lives. While we have made some progress in strengthening the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS), which is used to run background checks on those who buy guns from federally licensed gun dealers to make sure they are not prohibited by law from owning a firearm, we must do more. I am a strong supporter of a right of privacy and I am particularly sensitive and protective of patient privacy rights. I support the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act that was passed by Congress in 1996, and includes privacy pro-tection for medical records, which includes mental healthcare information. However, there are specific areas under federal law that allow the disclosure of medical information to authorities, and in these in-stances there should be an agreement that when a person poses a threat to themselves or others (as determined by a court or adju-dicative authority with the medical and legal knowledge and authority to make a determina-tion that a person poses a threat to them-selves or to others) should not be allowed to purchase a fire arm. Technology that could be deployed to ac-cess court records and arrest records as they relate to mental health and violent behavior should not rely upon a list that may become outdated or could be used in ways that are not consistent with the intent of enhancing gun safety. The ability to access information that is ac-curate and available for the limited purpose of affirming or rejecting a request to purchase a firearm without indicating the source of the de-cision or the reason for the rejection would still protect privacy rights while also protecting the public. The president’s proposal on mental health and gun violence is to enforce the laws al-ready in place. Under a federal law enacted in 1968, an in-dividual is prohibited from buying or pos-sessing firearms for life if he/she has been ‘‘adjudicated as a mental defective’’ or ‘‘com-mitted to a mental institution.’’ A person is ‘‘adjudicated as a mental defec-tive’’ if a court—or other entity having legal au-thority to make adjudications—has made a de-termination that an individual, as a result of mental illness: 1) Is a danger to himself or to others; 2) Lacks the mental capacity to con-tract or manage his own affairs; 3) Is found in-sane by a court in a criminal case, or incom-petent to stand trial, or not guilty by reason of lack of mental responsibility pursuant to the Uniform Code of Military Justice. A person is ‘‘committed to a mental institu-tion’’ if that person has been involuntarily com-mitted to a mental institution by a court or other lawful authority. This expressly excludes voluntary commitment. It should be noted, however, that federal law currently allows states to establish procedures for mentally ill individuals to restore their right to possess and purchase firearms (many states have done so at the behest of the Na-tional Rifle Association, with questionable re-sults). It is undoubtedly true that people who are a danger to self and/or others because of men-tal illness should be prohibited from owning firearms. It is less clear, however, how to tailor new policies to better protect the American public while at the same time avoiding the stig-matization of Americans with mental illness. Any strategy to address the lethal intersec-tion between guns and mental illness should focus of the key facts: On average, more than 100,000 people in America are shot in murders, assaults, and other crimes. More than 32,000 people die from gun vio-lence annually, including 2,677 children under the age of eighteen years old. Suicide is the leading cause of gun related deaths in America. 60 percent of deaths by guns in America are the result of individuals using these weap-ons as a means to commit suicide. Some of these deaths might have been pre-vented if there were adequate background checks. Each year hundreds of law enforcement offi-cers lose their lives to gun violence been shot to death protecting their communities. Millions of guns are sold every year in ‘‘no questions asked’’ transactions and experts es-timate that 40 percent of guns now sold in America are done so without a background check. National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) was created in 1998 to require potential gun buyers to pass an instant screening at the point of purchase. Ensures that purchasers are not felons, do-mestic abusers, mentally ill, etc. NICS has blocked sales to more than 2 mil-lion prohibited people. NICS stops 170 felons and 53 domestic abusers from purchasing guns every day. The most serious issue facing NICS is the ‘‘private sale loophole’’. This allows anyone who is not a federally- licensed dealer to sell guns without a back-ground checks. An estimated 40% of gun transfers—6.6 mil-lion transfers—are conducted without a back-ground check. Armslist.com is the largest online seller of firearms. 66,000 gun ads are posted by private sell-ers on a given day, 750,000 per year. Nearly 1/3rd of gun ads on Armslist.com are posted by high-volume unlicensed sellers (approx. 4,218 people). High-volume sellers posted 29% of the gun ads. High-volume sellers posted 36,069 gun ads over 2 months. This would equate to around 243,800 guns each year by unlicensed sellers. 50% were familiar with federal laws but de-cided they didn’t apply to them. 1/3rd of ‘‘want-to-buy’’ ads are posted by people with a criminal record. More than 4 times the rate at which prohib-ited gun buyers try to buy guns in stores. Approximately 25,000 guns are in illegal hands. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
AUTONOMY VERSUS RELATIONAL RESPONSIBILITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. F
OR-
TENBERRY ) for 30 minutes. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I was listening to a talk show one day when a 13-year-old girl called in. She was confused. At that tender age, to put it mildly, she talked about how she had been walked all over by her peers and subjected to the exploitation of an older man. She had no sufficient sense of self-possession to know that she had been used. She had no community sup-port, no adult around her to protect her. The radio commentator was aghast. But, sadly, Mr. Speaker, this was an-other troubling example of a culture of exploitation that is raging all around us today. However, Mr. Speaker, there is a bit of light on the horizon. In a few weeks, tens of thousands of young people from around the country will assemble around this Capitol to deliver a simple message. These young people are saying this: They will no longer tolerate the indif-ference. They will no longer tolerate a culture of exploitation. They will no longer tolerate the darkness of the abortion industry. They are members of the generation that have witnessed firsthand the dev-astating consequences when wrong ideas take hold in a society, when the smartest people in the land—the Su-preme Court Justices—are misguided and do not value all lives, when certain industries profit from pain. These young people are saying that women deserve better than abortion. They are saying that children should be welcome, no matter how hard the circumstances. They are saying that no one should be abandoned. There should be no choice between a child and that child’s mother. Mr. Speaker, it is understandable that many people are reluctant to enter into arguments about abortion. It is difficult. It is painful. So many people have experienced this individ-ually or with family members. But we have to be honest. Mr. Speaker, if you look behind me at the dais here, you can see the words ‘‘peace,’’ ‘‘liberty,’’ and ‘‘justice.’’ We have these words all around our Na-tion’s capital, our Nation’s monu-ments. But, in truth, we cannot find peace in a society that does not protect its most innocent lives. We cannot find liberty when we are indifferent to one another and simply turn away when a woman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.054 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H171 January 7, 2016 
faces difficulty. We cannot claim jus-tice for all when we throw away the in-nocent unborn life. Mr. Speaker, I want to delve for a moment into the deeper reasons for these divisions over abortion and the deeper reasons why we have such a caustic debate. For those of us who are pro-life, it can be hard, frankly, to understand why everyone just doesn’t see our per-spective. But I believe that much of the ugliness surrounding the abortion de-bate hinges upon the competing values of personal autonomy versus relational responsibility, once again, personal au-tonomy versus relational responsi-bility. Of course, working hard, making something of yourself, refusing to let difficult circumstances overcome you, are all hallmarks of a well-ordered life essential to an individual’s progress as a person. But, Mr. Speaker, rugged individ-ualism can lead to rugged isolationism, crushing the vitality of the human heart and leading to loneliness, hope-lessness, and ultimately despair. And could it be, Mr. Speaker, that the confusion surrounding abortion is the loss of an understanding of the dig-nity of each person as they are set in the environment of a community? On this deeply painful topic of abor-tion, the primary community in ques-tion is, first and foremost, the unique bond between a mother and her child, followed by the bond of the extended family and extended community. All politics—all life—Mr. Speaker, is ultimately founded on relationships. Happiness depends upon social life, on interdependency. A healthy society de-pends upon stable and healthy relation-ships for promoting sustainable values and our greater ideals. But because of cultural confusion, we establish a false choice. Is it a woman’s right to choose or is it a child’s right to life? This should not be a consider-ation in the broader community that is committed to bonds of solidarity. Sadly, I believe, we have lost sight of the degree to which the logic of radical autonomy, severed from foundational principles that order human relations, namely, in charity, have created the circumstances in which we now find ourselves. Individuals who are alone so often be-come disassociated from mutuality and community. Decades upon decades of this cultural conditioning leaves us with an aggregate understanding that our strength is only found in ourselves. No wonder a young woman, scared, alone, or abandoned feels such pressure to abort. Mr. Speaker, during last year’s his-toric papal visit to the United States, Pope Francis highlighted the need for what I call social conservation. b2000 At its root, social conservation is the answer to the widespread longing in all of our hearts, that longing for a cul-ture of meaning, of purposefulness. Pope Francis promoted universal human values, the importance of soci-ety, the primacy of the family, the dig-nity of work, the responsibility of peo-ple to properly steward the natural en-vironment, and the sanctity of all life, especially the poor, the elderly, those who are marginalized, and the unborn. This holistic approach of Pope Francis does not fit our political class distinctions, which rage all around us in this body. So this is not a Democrat or Republican issue, it is about the pro-tection of persons and how we build a truly healthy society. Children in the womb are vulnerable, precious members of their families. We must defend them, not in isolation, but as a part of the social fabric upon which our shared future as a people de-pends. Now, some abortion advocates charge that defenders of the unborn are pro- life only until birth of the child; that the pro-life position is a part of a gro-tesque fiction called the war on women. That is a very painful accusa-tion. In the end, I wish we could rise above this, because I believe everyone should agree that the choice between radical autonomy as a justification for abor-tion, versus relational responsibility, is a false choice. To be pro-life is to be genuinely pro-child, pro-woman, and pro-family. No matter how hard the cir-cumstances, we should all be loving enough, caring enough, and we cer-tainly have resources enough to pro-tect both the mother and her child. Now, Mr. Speaker, I would like to look for ways to reframe this entire de-bate, to look for some light. Maybe there will continue to be deep philo-sophical differences over the question, but maybe there is some common ground. A spectrum of policy proposals could more effectively build wider coalitions, I believe, in the pro-life debate, ad-vancing cultural conversion instead of cultural war. Initiatives could include an assault on the scourge of coercion, which forces many women, including young girls, to have an abortion at the hands of an uncaring boyfriend or un-scrupulous doctor. Can’t we find it in ourselves to at-tack this injustice? I would like to be-lieve we can. What about incentives for businesses to provide better pregnancy and new parenthood assistance, including ma-ternity and paternity leave? Some of my colleagues speaking before me men-tioned some of these proposals. No woman should be forced to choose be-tween a paycheck and her child. Other ideas could be adoption, en-hanced adoption facilities, counter-measures against workplace pregnancy discrimination, classifying pregnancy as a qualifying event for health insur-ance, initiatives for responsible father-hood. That is not my idea, that is Presi-dent Obama’s idea. In fact, I com-mended him for that because he raised it in the State of the Union, as I recall, about 2 years ago. Finally, I think we should channel money from the abortion facilities which are receiving America’s tax-payer dollars, which most Americans disagree with, by the way, toward nur-turing pregnancy health centers, and there are many beautiful examples of this all around the country. By pursuing these policy proposals, maybe we shift the cultural under-standing that it is not a choice be-tween radical autonomy—I can only find strength in myself, me, as an indi-vidual, I am alone, abandoned, no mat-ter how much I need others—and a re-lational responsibility that we all have for one another. Let’s elevate this idea of that rela-tional responsibility of interdepend-ency within community because we are living in a shattered society. Nothing else is working, Mr. Speak-er. We are in an age of anxiety and a time of growing threat to the family, the very basis of the strength of this great Nation. Now, more than ever, compassion should be our first principle. Abortion is violence. Abortion is not health care. Abortion is a false choice that no one should ever be forced to make. Let’s elevate the ideal of mother-hood, protect it, nurture it, respect it, provide for it, celebrate it, the genius of the feminine, and the beauty of all life. Mr. Speaker, in a few short weeks, these young people who will, by the thousands, tens of thousands, crowd around this Capitol, they are really telling us one simple truth: Love them both, just love them both. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
PROTECTING OUR SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
US-
SELL) for 30 minutes. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, it was New Year’s Eve in Blanchard, Okla-homa. Eighteen-year-old mother Sarah McKinley, alone with her 3-month-old son, heard a ruckus at the door. Two men were outside trying to break it down. Grabbing her baby and barri-cading the door with her sofa, she im-mediately called 911. In the frantic and desperate situation that followed, it became clear that law enforcement would not arrive in time to prevent the assault by armed intrud-ers. She informed the dispatcher that she had a shotgun, and asked if it was all right to shoot the intruders, should they make their way inside. Wisely, the dispatcher told Sarah: ‘‘I can’t tell you to do that, but you do what you have to do to protect that baby.’’ Sarah already knew what she might have to do, and hoped against hope 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.120 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH172 January 7, 2016 
that law enforcement, while responding quickly, would arrive in time. When the armed intruders broke down the door, 24-year-old Justin Mar-tin climbed over the couch and was greeted with a shotgun blast to the chest. While his accomplice ran for his life, Sarah had saved hers and her baby’s. Eight weeks ago, 88-year-old Arlene Orms was at home alone in Miami, Florida, when an intruder kicked in her door. Orms responded by retrieving a .25-caliber pistol, but fired it at the home invader, prompting the criminal to flee. Following the incident, Orms’ neigh-bors expressed absolute support for her actions, with one telling a local media outlet: ‘‘You have to do something. You have to protect yourself.’’ Arlene Orms, like most Americans, inherently understands that you have the right to defend your life, your prop-erty, and your liberty. The right to keep and bear arms is as fundamental to our freedom as any other inalienable right we enjoy as Americans. This right is God-given, as much as the freedom of religion, and to exercise worship, the freedom to as-semble and express, the freedom to own property, and to protect our privacy. As such, serious-minded individuals must have serious deliberation on any attempt to alter these fundamental American rights that are embodied in the Bill of Rights, inalienable, not granted by government. In a time where Americans face un-certain threats from terrorists at home, most Americans clearly under-stand why we must preserve the right to defend ourselves, our families, and our property. For those who would refuse their right to defend themselves, they have the freedom to do so. They do not have the freedom to make that decision for others. In terms of human behavior, our sur-vival instincts are inherent. The Cre-ator of the universe did not make human beings with fangs, claws, quills, or odors for their self-defense. Instead, he gave them their intelligence and, by extension, their hands, to fashion im-plements to protect their lives. While the President is certainly wel-come to choose not to defend himself, as is his right, it is not his right to pro-hibit others from protecting their lives and property. The President has histrionically compared his gun control agenda with the advancement of women’s suffrage rights and the elimination of slavery, chiding Republicans for their lack of advancement of the human race. If we look historically, rather than histrionically, it was Republicans who eliminated slavery and embraced Re-publican activist Susan B. Anthony, the women’s suffragist, to get voting rights for all women, where his party had stood in the way. The President can no more rewrite history than he can rewrite the Con-stitution. While he may be a constitu-tional scholar, he needs to be schooled on constitutional history. From Madi-son, Hamilton, Jefferson, and Adams, all the way to the Supreme Court deci-sions with Heller and McDonald, this inalienable right has been affirmed in defense of its articulation in the Bill of Rights. While the President complains of congressional inaction on the right to keep and bear arms, it can no more take action to deny this right than it could deny a free press, a free religious expression, or property rights to indi-viduals. Congress will not act to destroy the Bill of Rights, and we will stand in the way of any executive who will not up-hold the Constitution of the United States. Still, the administration presses for-ward with passion and conviction, con-vincing Americans that the threat is so grievous, the injury is so great, that Americans must act to inhibit our lib-erty. We are told that mass shootings are on the rise and gun deaths are out of control and the worst among devel-oped nations. But before America signs up to elimi-nate one of her inalienable rights, let’s deliberate with a sober mind. The President and his party would report outrage if conservatives suggested that the First Amendment must be scrapped because of such abuses as libel, hate speech, religious bigotry and sit-ins, warranted necessary commonsense re-forms to the first of our enumerated freedoms embodied in the Bill of Rights. Americans recognize that we must face the unpleasantness of abuse of these rights on occasion to secure its inviolable status. Not the same, some may say. We are talking about outrageous loss of life and injury and it must stop, they claim. Since when did our security become substitute for our liberty? Americans for 240 years, rather, have sacrificed to secure it. And the simple truth is, the facts supporting this liberal gun control call to give up an essential American lib-erty have been widely and unfairly dis-torted. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 199,756 people lost their lives to firearms in 2014. But on examination, only 15,000 of that num-ber were homicide. That is only 8 per-cent of the total. The vast majority, over 68 percent, were accident-related, and even that has steadily declined in recent years. b2015 Suicides accounted, sadly, for most of the remainder at 21 percent But the truth about gun homicides is that you are as likely to die from ma-lignant neoplasm of the esophagus as you are to violent homicide with a fire-arm. You are twice as likely to die from the result of a fall. You are 2
1⁄2 times more likely to die by accidental poisoning. Still, while these incidents are trag-ic, and many beyond the scope of civ-ilized thinking, we cannot substitute emotion for examination. Contrary to those most vocal—and most funded— voices on this issue, we are not the most violent civilized country on the planet. In fact, according to data com-piled from the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, the United States ranks in the bottom half of homicides worldwide among civilized or uncivi-lized nations. Still, the President often touts Eu-rope as a commonsense model for bet-ter policy and security. A remarkable seven European countries have higher overall per capita homicide rates than the United States. Where is that news flash? Disarming law-abiding citizens as a solution to curtail those that break the law does not necessarily make people safer, but it certainly makes them more defenseless. On our own shores, we can find an example of this line of thinking by examining the most violent cities in America. They are most likely to be ones with the strictest gun laws. If gun control advocates ignore this body of evidence, as they are wont to do, they will explore ways to eliminate this essential right in America through other means. We often see them turn to the false assertion that the Second Amendment was never intended for in-dividuals—remarkable, considering that James Madison insisted on enu-merating inalienable individual rights into the body of the Constitution be-fore he accepted the compromise to se-cure them through an amending proc-ess known as the Bill of Rights. Like all of our Framers and Founders, he understood common or natural law and its roots in the English Bill of Rights of 1689, and it guaranteed the indi-vidual right to bear arms. All of our constitutional Framers would have relied heavily on Sir Wil-liam Blackstone’s thought on law and liberty. This brilliant jurist secured complete influence among every colo-nial attorney and all of our Founding Fathers with his Commentaries on the Law published in 1765. He was explicit in his assertion that to secure indi-vidual life, liberty, and property, it was necessary ‘‘to the right of having and using arms for self-preservation and de-fense.’’ It comes as no surprise then, in the language of common and natural law so clearly understood in the context of the time that the Second Amendment would be so highly placed in the order of individual rights at number two. Gun control advocates argue the amendment was only for militias, not individual people. Despite that argu-ment being struck down for 225 years in Supreme Court rulings to include the most recent cases of Heller and McDonald in 2008 and 2010, it is instruc-tive to see what the Framers said themselves about the meaning of peo-ple and militias. Richard Henry Lee wrote in Fed-eralist Number 18, that brilliant group 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.122 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H173 January 7, 2016 
of papers known as the Federalist Pa-pers that argued for our Constitution: ‘‘A militia when properly formed are in fact the people themselves. To preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them.’’ In fact, when one examines the First and Third through the 10th original amendments, it is difficult to interpret any other meaning than that they apply to individuals. The Second Amendment is no exception. The Su-preme Court has always agreed. The famous 14th Amendment, during Reconstruction after Black Americans were freed from slavery—you know, that famous amendment that is the most referred to—guarantees equal protection under the law for all Amer-ican citizens. It started out, and most Americans are not aware of this, as a Second and Fourth Amendment issue. The Southern Democratic Party law-makers were nullifying individual lib-erty with their State Black Code laws which deprived Black Americans of their right to liberty, property, and to keep and bear arms as they attempted to defend their homes. Republicans fought back against these lawmakers and then led the fight to pass legisla-tion addressing the issue in 1868. Demo-cratic President Andrew Johnson ve-toed the bill. Congress overrode it and then secured their rights forever in the 14th Amendment to the Constitution. In fact, the Supreme Court has deter-mined with clarity that the constitu-tional individual right of Americans to bear arms is guaranteed on Federal en-claves such as Washington, D.C., with the Heller v. District of Columbia deci-sion. In McDonald v. Chicago, the Su-preme Court in 2010 held that the indi-vidual right extends to keeping and bearing arms to all States and terri-torial jurisdictions. Okay. Fine, you say. But there is no reason why people need military-style firearms. Those need to be banned. The Framers of the Constitution and the Supreme Court, strangely, to those who would have this way of thinking, would disagree. In 1939, United States v. Miller, Jus-tice Holmes speaking for the Court in the case where one Mr. M
ILLER as-serted he had a constitutional right to bear a sawed-off shotgun without pay-ing a special exemption tax of $200, the Supreme Court held that no such right existed on the grounds that sawed-off shotguns of the very short length Mr. M
ILLER possessed were not suitable as a military-type firearm if needed for common defense—a paraphrase, not a quote. 1997, Printz v. United States, Justice Clarence Thomas, our most recent treatment of the Second Amendment prior to the late Supreme Court deci-sions, stated that they reversed the District of Columbia’s invalidation of the National Firearms Act enacted in 1934. In Miller, we determined the Sec-ond Amendment did not guarantee a citizen’s right to possess a sawed-off shotgun because the weapon had not been shown to be of ‘‘ordinary military equipment’’ that could ‘‘contribute to the common defense.’’ Ban military rifles you say? Throughout our history, they have been guaranteed as an essential portion of the defense of our liberty, our homes, and our lives. What about the terrorist watch list? Nobody on the terrorist watch list ought to be able to own a firearm. The terrorist watch list is only on sus-picion—no court, no rule of law, no jury of your peers. It is on suspicion for surveillance, and it can be done bu-reaucratically and administratively. In fact, we have had several Members of Congress, such as my colleague from Alaska, DONYOUNG , who was falsely and inadvertently put on the terrorist watch list. Under this line of thinking, his Second Amendment rights would be removed. Well, we can’t have these terrorists coming here and then being able to buy a firearm. They can’t. People do not understand 18 U.S. Code. They don’t understand the law. If you are a non-resident legal alien, you cannot pos-sess, purchase, or receive a firearm. It is the law. There are only very small rare exceptions for that, such as if you were approved for a specialized hunting trip or maybe you were armed security for a head of state, for example. Well, what about that gun show loop-hole? Businesses shouldn’t be able to sell firearms without a background check. News flash: You cannot sell a firearm under a business license with-out a background check. If you do so, whether you are on your property or off your property at a gun show, you are committing a felony and with strict sentencing laws often that are minimum sentences of 10 years or more. Well, what about Internet sales? You can go online and you can just order a rifle, and they will ship it to your home—again, false. People do not un-derstand the law. The United States Postal Service and our commercial carriers do not allow shipping of firearms except under li-censed dealers. The only exception to that would be if you had an original manufacturer’s warranty and you ship it directly back to the manufacturer under their license, and they will re-ceive it and send it only directly back. As the only Member of Congress who owns a firearms manufacturing busi-ness, I know about what I speak. If someone in another State were to try to order a firearm off of our Web site, it would never get shipped to their home or I would go to prison. Instead, we tell that person: You need to get the local firearms licensee in your area to send a certified copy of your license to us, and they are in a form where we can recognize what is a real license. When we receive that, we will ship it to him, they will do the check, and you will fill out forms and you can receive your firearm. That is the way the law works. So all of this outrage from my col-leagues on the liberal left of trying to fix things, the law already exists. It is like saying that we need to do some-thing about murder. We need to make some laws to stop murder. Maybe they will quit doing that. Oh, we already have those laws, and people still com-mit crime. Therein is where we need to focus. Target the abusers, not the law-abiding American citizen, and do not target the Republic of the most incredible con-stitutional form of law the world has ever known. Serious people decline to trivialize any right expressly addressed in the Bill of Rights. A government that abro-gates any of the Bill of Rights with or without majority approval forever acts illegitimately and loses the moral right to govern the Republic. This is the uncompromising understanding re-flected in the warning that America’s gun owners will not go gently into these utopian woods. While liberals and gun control advo-cates will take such a statement as evi-dence of their belief in the backwater, violent, and untrustworthy nature of the armed American citizens, we gun owners hope that liberals hold equally strong conviction about their printing presses, their Internet blogs, and their television cameras. The Republic de-pends upon the fervent devotion to all of our fundamental rights. That is the oath that we take, and no President’s tears will ever shake us from the de-fense of that Constitution. Mr. Speaker, I yield back my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. R
USH (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of attend-ing to family member’s medical proce-dure. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3762. An act to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, January 8, 2016, at 9 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.123 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH174 January 7, 2016 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3879. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-234, ‘‘Plaza West Disposition Re-statement Temporary Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3880. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-235, ‘‘Foster Care Extended Eligi-bility Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3881. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-236, ‘‘Local Jobs and Tax Incen-tive Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93- 198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3882. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-233, ‘‘Athletic Field Naming and Sponsorship Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3883. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-232, ‘‘Closing of Franklin Street, N.W., Evarts Street, N.W., and Douglas Street, N.W. in Square 3128, S.O. 13-09432, Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3884. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-231, ‘‘Early Learning Quality Im-provement Network Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3885. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-230, ‘‘Closing of a Portion of Washington Avenue, S.W., and Portions of Ramps 5A and 5B to Interstate 395, and Transfer of Jurisdiction of the Closed Por-tions of Washington Avenue, S.W., and Ramps 5A and 5B to Interstate 395, and of Portions of U.S. Reservation 729, S.O. 14- 16582A and 14-16582B, Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3886. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-229, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 70, S.O. 15-23283, Act of 2015’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3887. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-228, ‘‘TOPA Bona Fide Offer of Sale Clarification Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3888. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Rancocas Creek, Centerton, NJ [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0423] (RIN: 1625-AA09) re-ceived December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3889. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Rich Passage, Manchester, WA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0943] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3890. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Un-known substance in the vicinity of Kelley’s Island Shoal, Lake Erie; Kelley’s Island, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0994] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3891. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Saint- Gobain Performance Plastics Celebration Fireworks; Lake Erie, Cleveland, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0833] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3892. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Dredg-ing, Rouge River, Detroit, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0835] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3893. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Safety Zone; Mad Dog Truss Spar, Green Canyon 782, Outer Continental Shelf on the Gulf of Mexico [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0512] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3894. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; 520 Bridge Construction, Lake Washington, Se-attle, WA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0570] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received December 22, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3895. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Intermedix IRONMAN 70.3 Event, Savannah River; Augusta, GA [Docket No.: USCG-2015- 0604] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3896. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0251; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-200- AD; Amendment 39-18330; AD 2015-23-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 21, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3897. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-1048; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-055-AD; Amendment 39-18332; AD 2015-23-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3898. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; ATR-GIE Avions de Transport Re-gional Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0682; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-074-AD; Amendment 39-18329; AD 2015-23-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 21, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3899. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Viking Air Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3073; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-017-AD; Amendment 39-18334; AD 2015-24-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3900. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0627; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-002-AD; Amendment 39-18337; AD 2015-24-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3901. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; REIMS AVIATION S.A. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3398; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-031-AD; Amendment 39- 18328; AD 2015-16-07 R1] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived December 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3902. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0490; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-018- AD; Amendment 39-18322; AD 2015-23-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 21, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3903. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Zodiac Aerotechnics (Formerly Inter-technique Aircraft Systems) [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0927; Directorate Identifier 2013- NM-172-AD; Amendment 39-18325; AD 2015-23- 09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3904. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-1266; Directorate Identifier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JA7.000 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H175 January 7, 2016 
2014-NM-151-AD; Amendment 39-18327; AD 2015-23-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3905. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-0932; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-205-AD; Amendment 39-18326; AD 2015-23-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3906. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-6546; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-NM-179-AD; Amend-ment 39-18338; AD 2015-24-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3907. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0346; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-010-AD; Amendment 39-18324; AD 2015-23-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3908. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0929; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-218-AD; Amendment 39-18323; AD 2015-23-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3909. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31046; Amdt. No.: 3669] received December 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3910. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31047; Amdt. No.: 3670] received December 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3911. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31049; Amdt. No.: 3671] received December 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3912. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31050; Amdt. No.: 3672] received December 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3913. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of the Class E Airspace for the following New York Towns; Elmira, NY; Ithaca, NY; Pough-keepsie, NY [Docket No.: FAA-2015-4514; Air-space Docket No.: 15-AEA-9] received Decem-ber 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3914. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0928; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-040- AD; Amendment 39-18333; AD 2015-24-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 21, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3915. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, transmitting the Office’s current estimates of the discre-tionary spending limits for each category in the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 904(f)(1); Public Law 99-177, Sec. 254 (as amended by Public Law 112-25, Sec. 103); (125 Stat. 246) (H. Doc. No. 114—90); to the Committee on the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 653. A bill to amend section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), to provide for greater pub-lic access to information, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–391). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. RADEWAGEN (for herself and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 4340. A bill to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a re-view of the Office of Government Con-tracting and Business Development of the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 4341. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to improve transparency and clar-ity for small businesses, to clarify the role of small business advocates, to increase oppor-tunities for competition in subcontracting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Armed Services, Oversight and Government Reform, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself and Mr. KENNEDY ): H.R. 4342. A bill to impose sanctions on persons that transfer to or from Iran ad-vanced conventional weapons or ballistic missiles, or technology, parts, components, or technical information related to advanced conventional weapons or ballistic missiles; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and Mr. B
UCHANAN ): H.R. 4343. A bill to amend titles 23 and 49, United States Code, with respect to bikeshare projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. POMPEO (for himself, Mr. R
OS-
KAM, Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. T URNER ): H.R. 4344. A bill to require a report on the military dimensions of Iran’s nuclear pro-gram and to prohibit the provision of sanc-tions relief to Iran until Iran has verifiably ended all military dimensions of its nuclear program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. BORDALLO (for herself, Ms. G
ABBARD , and Mr. S ABLAN ): H.R. 4345. A bill to expand the eligibility of individuals from Micronesia, Marshall Is-lands, and Palau for participation in Na-tional Service Programs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 4346. A bill to require the Governor of each State that receives a grant under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program to certify to the Attorney General that under the laws of that State there is no statute of limitations for any of-fense under the laws of that State related to sexual assault, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 4347. A bill to amend the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act to extend the provi-sions of that Act to cover a debt collector who is collecting debt owed to a State or local government, to index award amounts under such Act for inflation, to provide for civil injunctive relief for violations of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. B UCK, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. C HABOT , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JA7.000 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH176 January 7, 2016 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. S
TUTZMAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. W ALK-
ER, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B OST, Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. O LSON , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. A
LLEN , and Mr. R ENACCI ): H.R. 4348. A bill to require reciprocity be-tween the District of Columbia and other States and jurisdictions with respect to the ability of individuals to carry certain con-cealed firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 4349. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish an institution for mental diseases bed registry program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PALAZZO (for himself, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, and Mrs. B
LACKBURN ): H. Res. 582. A resolution condemning and censuring President Barack Obama; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
167. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Minnesota, relative to Resolution No. 5, requesting the Congress of the United States call a conven-tion of the States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judici-ary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 4340. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 4341. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this provision pursu-ant to Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 4342. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 4343. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 7 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 4344. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 4345. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 4346. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 4347. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: H.R. 4348. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 4349. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-cises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 381: Mr. B EYER . H.R. 465: Mr. H
ARDY and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 653: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 814: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 868: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 870: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. C LYBURN , and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 901: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 969: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1062: Mr. C
RENSHAW . H.R. 1086: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 1147: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 1192: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 1197: Mr. G
RIFFITH and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 1211: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1247: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1258: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 1475: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1552: Mr. B
EYER , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 1797: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 2013: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2043: Mr. I
SRAEL . H.R. 2218: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 2257: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2283: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 2300: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 2302: Mr. F
ARR. H.R. 2380: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2404: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 2521: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 2613: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 2646: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 2740: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 2800: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 2894: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 2957: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3036: Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. H
UNTER , and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 3126: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.R. 3185: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 3222: Mr. G
ROTHMAN and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 3299: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 3316: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 3514: Mr. K
EATING and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 3516: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 3535: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 3643: Mr. W
ELCH and Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 3662: Mr. F
LORES , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. P OMPEO . H.R. 3677: Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 3679: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 3722: Mr. G
IBBS and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 3785: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 3793: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3808: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. N UNES . H.R. 3865: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 3936: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3960: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 4144: Mr. G
ARAMENDI and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4162: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 4172: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 4177: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 4247: Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 4257: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 4262: Mr. W
ESTMORELAND , Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. G IBBS, and Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 4279: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 4281: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE and Mrs. R OBY. H.R. 4290: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. P
IERLUISI . H.R. 4298: Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 4314: Ms. G
ABBARD and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 4319: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. F LORES . H.R. 4336: Mr. H
URDof Texas, Ms. K USTER , Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. H UDSON , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S AMJOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. B OST, Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. F INCHER , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. K INZINGER  of Illinois, Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. S
ALMON , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. F RANKS  of Arizona, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. D OLD, Ms. G RANGER , Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.J. Res. 59: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H. Con. Res. 75: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H. Con. Res. 88: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsyl- vania and Mr. R
ENACCI . H. Res. 54: Mr. H
IMES. H. Res. 374: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. B ERA, Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H. Res. 386: Mr. F
ATTAH . H. Res. 432: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Ms. L
EE. H. Res. 506: Ms. E
SHOO . H. Res. 548: Mr. F
OSTER . H. Res. 551: Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. H IGGINS . H. Res. 567: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Mr. K LINE. H. Res. 569: Mr. F
ATTAH . H. Res. 571: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. R
IGELL . H. Res. 575: Mr. V
ELA, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. P RICE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JA7.100 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H177 January 7, 2016 
of North Carolina, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. H OYER , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. HONDA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. D INGELL , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Ms. D ELAURO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.049 H07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE15 January 7, 2016 
REMEMBERING DOUG WALKER 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor the life and legacy of my friend Doug Walker, who passed away on December 31, 2015, on Granite Mountain near Snoqualmie Pass. It is this wild, rugged landscape that lured Doug to Washington state and stoked his cre-ativity, energy, and passions for more than four decades. A gifted mathematician with an insatiable fondness for climbing, he established strong roots in the community. The impact he—along with his wife Maggie—had on our community and the many charitable causes to which he gave his time and wisdom is unparalleled. A true champion for conservation, he cared deeply about protecting the North Cascades most treasured lands. But his greatest passion was broadening the constituency for conserva-tion, and he worked tirelessly to ensure that all people—especially youth and those in under-served communities—could access the out-doors. Doug will be remembered and missed by so many whose lives he touched, with his incred-ible spirit and generosity. His legacy of inspir-ing others to experience and protect the out-doors lives on. I ask unanimous consent to submit for the R
ECORD a recent Seattle Times editorial com-memorating Doug’s life. 
REMEMBERING A TECH, ENVIRONMENTAL AND  P
HILANTHROPIC ROLEMODEL : DOUGWALKER  (The Seattle Times, January 5, 2016) The loss of software pioneer and philan-thropist Doug Walker, who died in a moun-tain accident, is a blow to the region. But it’s also an opportunity to remind peo-ple—especially the flood of tech workers moving to the Puget Sound region—about the character and values of those who built the local industry and became universal role models. Walker, the co-founder and longtime chief executive of business-software company WRQ, created much more than technology, jobs and wealth. WRQ was known for the quality of life it provided to employees as much as it was for software that increased productivity. As a second act, he helped build a new ve-hicle for philanthropy, a giving platform, that continues to channel the expertise and compassion of others who have done well in the tech industry. Long after WRQ was sold and merged with a local competitor, Attachmate, Walker con-tinued to work on his third act, serving as a national leader in wilderness preservation and access. Walker was a lifelong outdoorsman who chose the University of Washington for grad-uate school in the 1970s because of its nat-ural surroundings. Between adventures, he learned programming and consulted on busi-ness computing systems. At the start of the PC era in 1981, he and friends pooled $500 to start WRQ, which be-came one of the nation’s largest private soft-ware companies. It helped establish Seattle’s leadership in enterprise software, which drew other entrepreneurs and companies to the area. WRQ thrived in part because Walker, the longtime chief executive, made it a great place to work. Before Google’s free food and Facebook’s hot tubs, WRQ had perks like kayak parking on Lake Union. Later, Walker and his wife, Maggie, co- founded Social Venture Partners, a global nonprofit that encouraged thousands to share wealth and expertise with worthy causes. SVP helped establish Seattle as a hotbed of highly engaged philanthropy. Walker led by example with ‘‘a uniquely powerful style . . . simultaneously pas-sionate, pointed, warm and sophisticated in supporting the causes that he felt were im-portant,’’ said Tony Mestres, who joined SVP while at Microsoft and now heads the Seattle Foundation. That level of engagement and generosity has been a hallmark of Seattle’s earliest and most successful tech entrepreneurs. Walker is a great example of why that tra-dition should continue. He is remembered not for how much money he accumulated but by how broadly he shared his gifts, both fi-nancial and intellectual. f PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to have my votes recorded on the House floor on Wednesday, January 6, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted against the pre-vious question for H. Res. 579 (Roll Number 2), H. Res. 579 (Roll Number 3), the previous question for H. Res. 580 (Roll Number 4), and H. Res. 580 (Roll Number 5). I would have also voted against H.R. 3762 (Roll Number 6), which agreed to the Senate amendment. 
f 
HONORING THE EAST NICOLAUS HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, before the holiday break, I rose to congratulate the East Nicolaus High School Spartans from Sutter County for advancing to the CIF Division VI– AA Football Championship game. At that time, they were about to make a 500-mile road trip to face Coronado, a school four times their size. Well, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say that the Spartans may have been underdogs in that game, but that didn’t matter to them: on December 28, they won the championship game 16–6. Quarterback S.J. Brown threw for a touchdown and rushed for another. Donovan Switalski had 25 carries for 135 yards. And on defense, cornerback Eddie Herrera intercepted two passes. These were great individual efforts, but as a former lineman for the Cal Bears, I know that it takes a full team effort to pull off a win like this. I congratulate Coach Travis Barker and the entire East Nicolaus team for making Sut-ter County and the entire 3rd Congressional District proud. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE WEST ORANGE-STARK MUSTANGS 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate the West Orange-Stark Mustangs for winning their third state title in school history on December 18, 2015 at NRG Stadium in Houston, Texas. This is no easy task, especially in Texas. It is a testament to the incredible resiliency, pas-sion, commitment and hard work displayed by these young men. I would like to personally recognize each one of them and their coaches by entering their names into the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD . I would also like to wish each one of them continued success on and off the football field. Players: Keyshawn Holman, Jackson Dallas, Kentavious Miller, Dominic Tezeno, Justin Brown, Malick Phillips, Mandel Turner-King, Payton Robertson, Malacci Hodge, Jarron Morris, Kaleb Ramsey, Ronald Carter, Melech Edwards, Jeremiah Shaw, Quinton Chargois, Jay’len Mathews, Tokeba Hughey, Keion Han-cock, Ja’Vonn Ross, Torrien Burnett, Aric Cormier, Demorris Thibodeaux, Tyshon Wat-kins, Jamarcus Joulevette, Ryan Baham- Heisser, Cory Skinner, Jr., Steven Tims, Ryan Ragsdale, Tristen Scott, Jalen Powdrill, Te’Ron Brown, Paul Ivory, Morris Joseph, Bobby Rash, Keddric Gant, Rashaad Carter, Ja’Qualan Coleman, Ledarian Carter, Rufus Joseph, Jr., Thomas Wallace and Blake Rob-inson. Athletic Director/Head Coach: Cornel Thompson; Defensive Coordinator: Mike Pierce; Offensive Coordinator: Ed Dyer; As-sistant Coaches: Del Basinger, Terry Joe Ramsey, Joseph Viator, Jacoby Franks and Stephen Westbrook, Randy Ragsdale, Shea Landry; Athletic Trainer: Shannon Scott; Stu-dent Trainers: Cruz Hernandez, Chad Dallas, Cassidy Wright and Jared Dupree. Go Mustangs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA8.001 E07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE16 January 7, 2016 
RECOGNIZING THE 37TH ANNUAL DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. MEMORIAL BREAKFAST 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, as we cele-brate the birth of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and reflect on his life and work, we are re-minded of the challenges that democracy poses to us and the delicate nature of liberty. Dr. King’s life and, unfortunately, his untimely death, remind us that we must continually work to secure and protect our freedoms. In his courage to act, his willingness to meet challenges, and his ability to achieve, Dr. King embodied all that is good and true in the battle for liberty. The spirit of Dr. King lives on in the citizens of communities throughout our nation. It lives on in the people whose actions reflect the spirit of resolve and achievement that will help move our country into the future. I am honored to rise today to recognize several individuals from Indiana’s First Congressional District who will be recognized during the 37th Annual Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Breakfast on Saturday, January 16, 2016, at the Genesis Convention Center in Gary, Indiana. The Gary Frontiers Service Club, which was founded in 1952, sponsors this annual breakfast. The Gary Frontiers Service Club will pay tribute to local individuals who have for dec-ades selflessly contributed to improving the quality of life for the people of Gary. This year, William ‘‘Billy’’ Foster and Mozell Hayman will be honored with the prestigious Dr. Martin Lu-ther King Jr. Drum Major Award for 2016. Ad-ditionally, several individuals will be recog-nized as Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Marchers at this year’s breakfast, including Tammi Davis, Reverend Chet Johnson Sr., Danita Johnson Hughes, Ph.D., and Reverend Mathew Whittington. Finally, Reverend Curtis Whittaker, CPA, was selected as the 2015 Yokefellow of the Year. Though very different in nature, the achieve-ments of each of these individuals reflect many of the same attributes that Dr. King pos-sessed, as well as the values he advocated. Like Dr. King, these individuals saw chal-lenges and faced them with unwavering strength and determination. Each one of the honored guests’ greatness has been found in their willingness to serve with ‘‘a heart full of grace and a soul generated by love.’’ They set goals and work selflessly to make them a re-ality. Mr. Speaker, I urge you and my other distin-guished colleagues to join me in commending these honorees, as well as the Gary Frontiers Service Club officers, President Oliver J. Gilliam, Vice President James Piggee, Re-cording Secretary Linnal Ford, Financial Sec-retary Sam Frazier, and Treasurer/Seventh District Director Floyd Donaldson, along with Clorius L. Lay, who has served as Breakfast Chairman for sixteen years, and all other members of the service club for their initiative, determination, and dedication to serving the people of Northwest Indiana. IN RECOGNITION OF THE 182ND ANNIVERSARY OF CHERRY HILL UNITED METHODIST CHURCH HON. DAVID A. TROTT 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 182nd anniversary of Cherry Hill United Methodist Church. When Cherry Hill United Methodist Church first began meeting in 1834, it consisted of only a few pioneer families in their log cabins on the circuit of an itinerant preacher. In 1848, members of the church raised $600 to con-struct the beautiful gothic-style brick building that stands today. Since then, the building has been expanded to accommodate the growth in attendance and to support a full parsonage, but it retains its original structure and colorful stained glass windows. In its 182 years of existence, the church has been a boon to the Cherry Hill community. Over the years, it has often been the setting for community dinners and social gatherings. Today, Cherry Hill United Methodist Church members serve the community through their dedication to providing low income children with school supplies and winter coats, their work with Habitat for Humanity, and their sup-port for the ‘‘First Step’’ domestic violence shelter. Thank you, Cherry Hill United Methodist Church for your service, and my sincere con-gratulations on your 182nd anniversary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EMILY ANN ROBERTS 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, my District spans a large area of East Ten-nessee, including parts of the Smoky Moun-tains in the heart of Appalachia. This region has a rich history of country music. Recently, one of my constituents, Emily Ann Roberts, rose to stardom on the national stage after placing second on the NBC television show The Voice. Emily wowed judges during her audition with a version of Lee Ann Womack’s ‘‘I Hope You Dance,’’ earning her the admiration of show host and singer Blake Shelton. From there, she spent months competing each week with dozens of other contestants. During the show’s run, Emily even made the iTunes Top 10 several times and climbed to 21 on the country Billboard chart for her ren-dition of The Judds’ song ‘‘Why Not Me.’’ I have had the privilege over the years to get to know Dolly Parton. Emily was very ex-cited when Dolly made an appearance on the show to help coach her. It was certainly a favorite moment for me and East Tennessee viewers. Emily told the Knoxville News Sentinel, ‘‘That’s such a once in a lifetime thing. I’ve grown up surrounded by her influenc e...  when she hugged me, she said ‘I love my little hometown girl’ and then she leaned back and she said ‘I’m so proud of you.’ ’’ During the show’s finale, Emily stood live in front of millions of viewers and sang with Ricky Skaggs. She was a symbol of East Ten-nessee graciousness when she hugged her fellow competitor after the results were an-nounced. Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt we will hear Emily’s beautiful voice for many years to come, and she will find continued success in music. I call her inspirational journey to the atten-tion of my colleagues and other readers in hopes that it inspires many more young peo-ple to reach for the stars. f 
K–9 ZERO CAMDEN COUNTY POLICE 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of K–9 Officer Zero of the Camden County Police Depart-ment for his achievements, contributions, and service to the people of New Jersey. Zero, a Czech Shepherd, joined the Cam-den County Police Department in 2007. Zero was instrumental to keeping streets safe and sniffing out illegal drugs, but he became a local legend from his ability to find and rescue missing children. Soon he was a local celeb-rity, known throughout the community for his powerful sense of smell and his friendly de-meanor around kids. His personable attitude made him the poster dog for the police force and an essential part of the force’s public rela-tions community outreach efforts. Alongside his handler, Lieutenant Zsakhiem James, Zero quickly shattered the K–9 record for most criminal apprehensions in New Jer-sey. By the end of his career, he apprehended 68 criminals. On December 29th, 2015, our local hero died of natural causes in the home of his friend and partner, Lieutenant James. Mr. Speaker, Officer Zero will be remem-bered for the lives he saved and the unity he brought to the community. His service sets the bar for all K–9 units and I join Lieutenant James, the Camden County Police Depart-ment and the residents of Camden County in thanking Zero for his lifetime of service. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF FRED EATON 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Fred Eaton for his twenty years of service with Comcast and his commitment to expanding access to media across Southeast Michigan. A native of Chicago, Fred attended the Uni-versity of Illinois in Champaign-Urbana where he majored in Radio and Television. After col-lege, Fred went to work for southern Illinois’ Mt. Vernon Register-News, writing articles by day and rewriting them for the evening news by night. It was during this time that Fred pio-neered advances in the ‘‘Eyewitness News’’ format. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JA8.005 E07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE17 January 7, 2016 
Fred moved to Michigan with his wife, Mary, and daughter, Virginia, taking up an editor post at the Adrian Daily Telegram. Always generous with his time and expertise, Fred consulted for the Lenawee County Democratic Party before going on to serve the public inter-est working with Congressman John Dingell. It was no surprise to any when Comcast asked Fred to be their man in Southeast Michigan. As the company has grown, so too has Fred’s engagement in the community. During his time with Comcast, Fred has been involved with numerous community orga-nizations. He has served as a board member of The Guidance Center and the International Association for Organ Donation, as a founding member of Everybody Ready! and as chair-man of the Great Start Collaborative for Wayne County. Fred has also served on the boards of the Southern Wayne County Re-gional Chamber of Commerce, the American Arab Chamber of Commerce, and the Ann Arbor/Ypsilanti Chambers of Commerce. Our communities have been truly enriched by Fred’s commitment. When there was a need some place, Fred was always the first to say ‘‘how do we help?’’ An event didn’t feel complete if Fred wasn’t there. Most striking was his outlook on life— always smiling, always positive and always seeing the glass half full. He is leaving our community, and his departure will create a hole in many hearts. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to honor Fred Eaton for his service to our community. I thank him for his leadership and wish him many years of happiness ahead of him. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE INAUGURA-TION OF MR. HARVEY GODWIN JR. AS CHAIRMAN OF THE LUMBEE TRIBAL COUNCIL 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the inauguration of Mr. Harvey Godwin Jr. as Chairman of the Lumbee Tribal Council, which is being held at the University of North Carolina at Pembroke’s Givens Per-forming Arts Center on January 7, 2016. After his inauguration as Chairman of the Tribal Council, Chairman Godwin has the honor of leading the Lumbee Tribe, which is headquartered in North Carolina’s 8th Con-gressional District. The Lumbee Tribe is the largest tribe east of the Mississippi River with over 55,000 members, and is the ninth largest tribe in the United States. Prior to his election as Chairman of the Lumbee Tribal Council, Chairman Godwin has been an active member of the Moss Neck community as a business leader and public servant. Chairman Godwin started his own business in the community, Two Hawk Em-ployment Services, and currently serves on the Robeson Community College Foundation Board of Directors and the Lumber River Workforce Development Board. He also has previously served as the President of the Lum-berton Rotary Club and was a past member of the Lumberton Area Chamber of Commerce’s Board of Directors. This is an exciting moment for Chairman Godwin and the entire Lumbee Tribe as they celebrate the beginning of a new era in the Tribe’s already proud history. Since coming to Congress in 2013, I have taken great pride in representing the Lumbee Tribe and I look for-ward to continuing this close relationship under Chairman Godwin. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-gratulating Mr. Godwin on his election as Chairman of the Lumbee Tribal Council and wishing him well as he begins this new role. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE BIKESHARE TRANSIT ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, America is in the middle of a bikeshare revolution: 13 new bikeshare systems launched in 2014 and 11 more launched in 2015, bringing the na-tional total to approximately 80. More than 10 million people rode a bikeshare bicycle last year. Systems are opening in large metropoli-tan regions like Washington, DC and New York, as well as smaller communities like Day-ton and Boise. The increased commercial in-vestment around bikeshare stations and net-works drives economic development in these communities. Some of these existing bikeshare programs received federal monies to get off the ground, but the lack of an established funding source has proved an impediment to other projects across the country. Since the term ‘‘bikeshare’’ is not defined in U.S. Code or described by law as a form of transit, bikeshare systems and transportation officials alike now operate in a gray area. Congress needs to act to clar-ify that bikeshare projects are eligible for fed-eral funding, providing certainty to investors, business owners, and commuters. That is why today I am introducing the Bikeshare Transit Act. This legislation will eliminate this gray area by defining bikeshare in statute and making bikeshare systems eligi-ble to receive funding to enhance related pub-lic transportation service or transit facilities. They will also be listed as an eligible project under the Congestion Mitigation and Air Qual-ity Improvement Program. Additionally, the Bikeshare Transit Act will allow federal funding to be used for acquiring or replacing bikeshare related equipment and the construction of bikeshare facilities. The Bikeshare Transit Act will remove sig-nificant barriers facing new bikeshare projects as well as those existing bikeshare programs applying for federal funding. This legislation underscores that bikeshare programs drive economic development and are an important part of America’s transportation system. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF COMMISSIONER A.J. RIVERS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to an excep-tional public servant and outstanding citizen, Commissioner A.J. Rivers, on the occasion of his retirement as City Commissioner of Cordele, Georgia. When Mr. Rivers was elected City Commis-sioner in 1972, he became the first African American elected to city-wide office in Cordele. Since that time, he has served his community zealously and with unparalleled commitment. Commissioner Rivers served our nation with honor and distinction in World War II from 1943 to 1946. He graduated from the Holsey- Cobb Institute in Cordele in 1947. He worked for North Carolina Mutual Insurance Company for 53 years—35 of those years in manage-ment and 18 years in agency. He was certified as an Instructor for Insurance Courses by the State Insurance Commissioner’s Office in 1983. Beyond his duties and responsibilities as a public servant, Commissioner Rivers has also dedicated his personal life to serving his com-munity. He has served as a Scout Master; Westside Chairperson of the American Cancer Society; Westside Chairperson of the Amer-ican Red Cross; President of the 8th District of the Georgia Municipal Association in 2006; President and Corporate Board Member of Big/Brother Big Sister of South Georgia in 2006; and President of the Gillespie Develop-ment and Day Care Center for 17 years. He is a member of the American Legion; NAACP; Cordele Community Advancement Council; Crisp County Chamber Executive Committee; and Board of Directors for River Valley Re-gional Commission, among many other com-munity and professional organizations. Nota-bly, Commissioner Rivers is the Founder and President of the Historical Awards Committee. Always a mentor to those who worked and lived around him, Commissioner Rivers pos-sesses the rare quality of humble leadership. Throughout his career, Commissioner Riv-ers has been recognized for his commitment and leadership in the community. His awards and accolades include the 8th District Commu-nity Award from the Georgia Municipal Asso-ciation in 1994; the USDA Rural Development Steadfast Award in 2002; and the Distin-guished Citizen of the Year Award from the Cordele Lions Club in 2014. Commissioner Rivers’ Christian faith has al-ways instilled within him a desire to positively shape the community in which he lives. As a lifetime member of Mount Calvary Baptist Church, he regularly incorporates his faith into his commitment to public service. After retirement, Commissioner Rivers will enjoy spending time with his wife, Vera, and their four children, six grandchildren, and seven great-grandchildren. Commissioner Riv-ers has accomplished much in his life, but none of it would be possible without the love and support of the family he cherishes so dearly. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Commissioner A.J. Rivers upon the occasion of his retirement from an out-standing career spanning 44 years as City Commissioner of Cordele, Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA8.003 E07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE18 January 7, 2016 
TROOPER ELI M CCARSON, NEW JERSEY STATE POLICE 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of fallen New Jersey State Police Trooper Eli McCarson for his ex-traordinary sacrifice and exemplary service to the citizens of New Jersey and the United States. Trooper McCarson’s dream was to serve his community as a member of the New Jersey State Police. His perseverance was finally re-warded in February 2015 when he graduated from the State Police Academy at the top of his class with honors. Unfortunately on De-cember 17th, after just ten months on the force, Trooper McCarson was killed in a tragic car accident in the line of duty. His untimely death left behind his loving family—including his wife Jordan McCarson—and a grateful community. Mr. Speaker, Trooper Eli McCarson’s life re-minds us that the men and women who serve and protect our communities put their lives on the line every day to protect us. I join with my community and all of New Jersey in honoring the achievements and selfless service of this truly exceptional young man. 
f 
HONORING MR. ROBERT JOHNSON, CIVIL RIGHTS ACTIVIST FROM GRENADA, MS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the late Mr. Robert Johnson of Grenada, MS, a beloved civil rights activist and renowned public servant. He has been remembered by many as a fighter for justice, freedom and equality for all and a pillar of his community. Johnson was born to the late Finley and Catherine Johnson on June 17, 1948, in Gre-nada, MS. The sixth of seven children, Robert learned the value of hard work and sacrifice. He attended Grenada High School where he played football and attended Alcorn State Uni-versity on a full athletic scholarship. In 1966, the Meredith March against fear would change the path in which Robert John-son would take his life. Robert came back to Grenada to join the Civil Rights Movement and worked to establish and protect voting rights in Mississippi. He was the local youth leader of the Grenada County Freedom Move-ment. Through his work with the Grenada County Freedom Movement, he helped make the nation aware of the threats, intimidation, and lawlessness being inflicted upon Black people in the town. He joined the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) as a Field Project Director and worked with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and Dr. Ralph David Abernathy to continue SCLC programs in Grenada. His work with SCLC led him on organizing efforts across the country and even in Africa. In 1971, he was jailed for refusing to be drafted into the military and was sentenced to five years but was released on a full pardon in 1972 by President Gerald Ford after serving eighteen months of the sentence. Johnson continued his activism with the SCLC which led him to Covington, GA, where he met his wife Mary. They were married in November of 1974 and were later blessed with two sons, Cleon and Marcus. Robert began working for the Metro Atlanta Transit Authority as a bus operator and in 1985 began attending Mt. Ephraim Baptist Church. He and his family joined Mt. Ephraim soon after. Robert Johnson served as a trust-ee on the Official Board for a number of years. In 2002, he was ordained as a deacon. Around this time, Robert was honored along with Rev. Dr. Joseph Lowery, and other grass-roots workers of the Civil Rights Movement with a trip to Durban, South Africa where they met South African activist and president, Nel-son Mandela. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing a special individual, Mr. Robert Johnson—a devoted servant of his commu-nity, a fighter for justice and equality for all people, a founder of the Grenada County Freedom Movement, and consummate family man. He will be missed by all those who know and love him. f 
HONORING UNC PRESIDENT TOM ROSS 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a good friend and a de-voted public servant, Tom Ross, who retired this month as President of the University of North Carolina system. My wife Lisa and have known Tom and his wife Susan for many years. His son Tommy served in my office, making a major contribu-tion to the development of the House Democ-racy Partnership. I have long admired Tom’s dedication to the university, and I am very grateful for his service to our state. A graduate of the UNC-Chapel Hill law school, Tom answered the call to serve as the UNC system’s President in 2011, in the midst of some of the greatest financial challenges that the university has faced in its history. UNC not only overcame these challenges; it has thrived thanks to Tom’s perseverance and strategic vision. During his time at UNC, Tom made it easier to transfer from North Carolina community col-leges to the four-year UNC institutions, ex-panding nontraditional students’ access to higher education. He has focused effectively on the access of active-duty military and vet-erans to the system and on enhancing their chances to succeed. He has carefully over-seen the selection of 11 new university chancellors, guaranteeing another generation of exceptional leadership for the system’s 16 constituent universities. Perhaps most importantly, Tom has led the university through economic adversity, pro-tecting its mission and securing its financial footing. Compared to the beginning of Tom’s tenure, UNC system graduation rates have risen 18 percent while spending per degree has dropped 15 percent—remarkable achieve-ments that reflect Tom’s leadership. Tom’s life has been dedicated to public service. He came to UNC from Davidson Col-lege, his alma mater and one of the nation’s leading liberal arts colleges, where he served as President from 2007 to 2011. At Davidson, he implemented the Davidson Trust, a new ini-tiative designed to fully eliminate student debt through grants and student employment. This innovative program has helped ensure that Davidson graduates do not face a financial burden as they begin their careers. He also oversaw a period of exceptional growth at Da-vidson, in part inspired by the on-campus ca-reer of Stephen Curry, who has gone on to become the NBA MVP and a global superstar. I suppose it’s true that success begets suc-cess. Before his tenure at Davidson, Tom was President of the Z. Smith Reynolds Founda-tion, which provides tens of millions of dollars annually in grants to organizations devoted to economic empowerment. Tom also spent 17 years as a judge on North Carolina’s Superior Court, directed the state Administrative Office of the Courts, and led the North Carolina Sen-tencing and Policy Advisory Committee, where he oversaw the development and implementa-tion of new sentencing guidelines for non-vio-lent offenders. I cannot fail to note that Tom is leaving the presidency of UNC prematurely. The Board of Governors last year made an unexpected, un-explained decision to request his resignation, while acknowledging that his stewardship had been exemplary. This leaves little doubt that the decision was based on the fact that Tom does not share the Board’s partisan loyalties. This was not only shabby treatment of an out-standing public servant; it also set a dan-gerous precedent for a university system that for most of its history has been free of this sort of political manipulation. Tom has handled this difficult situation with characteristic dignity and grace. His final con-tribution as president may be one of his most important: to help us move beyond this epi-sode in a way that avoids recrimination, pro-tects the university’s integrity, and builds on the many achievements of the past five years. Lisa and I wish Tom well as he transitions to teaching and prepares for future endeavors. With Susan’s unfailing support, he has made lasting contributions to our state’s judicial sys-tem, nonprofit sector, and private and public higher education. He leaves our University stronger in important ways, despite the difficult economic and political environment in which he was called to lead. And he still has much to give. I am pleased to join thousands of North Carolinians in thanking him for his tire-less service and in anticipating his contribu-tions yet to come. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL EX-TENDING ELIGIBILITY FOR NA-TIONAL COMMUNITY SERVICE PROGRAMS TO CITIZENS OF THE FREELY ASSOCIATED STATES 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I am introducing a bill that would enable citizens of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Re-public of Palau, and the Republic of the Mar-shall Islands, collectively referred to as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JA8.007 E07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE19 January 7, 2016 
Freely Associated States (FAS), who reside in the United States to participate in National Community Service (CNS) programs, including AmeriCorps. This bill provides parity for citi-zens of the FAS who are able to join our mili-tary, receive federal student aid to further their education, and eligible to participate in other federal social programs. The inability for FAS citizens to participate in CNS programs has had a direct impact on individuals residing in my home district of Guam. Last year, several FAS citizens who are studying at the University of Guam and enrolled in the AmeriCorps program were re-moved from the program because they were found to be ineligible under the citizenship guidelines. Despite having already begun working with their assigned service organiza-tions, these individuals were forced to find al-ternate accommodations through the local Guam Legislature, which appropriated local funds to cover expenses that would have oth-erwise been provided through the Centers for National and Community Service. I believe that this was a great injustice to these individ-uals, who wanted to help the people of Guam and who serve as role models for others in our community. I believe that FAS citizens who reside in the U.S. should be allowed to participate in na-tional service programs, just as they are able to serve our nation in military service or obtain federal student aid to further their education. My bill would specifically amend the National and Community Service Act of 1990 to include citizens of the FAS who are residing in the U.S. in the list of qualified individuals, in addi-tion to U.S. citizens or nationals, or lawful per-manent residents of the United States. The bill will ensure that any FAS citizen in the U.S. who wants to participate is not denied the op-portunity to make our community better. If we can allow FAS citizens to serve in our military and protect our way of life it is only fair that we allow them to serve our local communities through community service. As we work to make the Compacts more sustainable for the affected jurisdiction, I believe that this is a good way to continue our commitment to im-proving our relationships with these nations. I thank my colleagues, Congresswoman T
ULSI GABBARD and Congressman K ILILI S
ABLAN for their support of this bill. I look for-ward to working with them to move this bill through the legislative process and having it enacted into law. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STUART O. WITT 
HON. STEPHEN KNIGHT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of a man who dedicated his life to the continued advancement of American aero-space. Witt was born in Bakersfield, California and raised on the Scodie Ranch in the Kern River Valley. He graduated from Cal State Northridge in 1974, from the Naval Aviation Schools Command in 1976 and from the Naval Fighter Weapons School (TOPGUN training) in 1980. He is also a 1996 graduate of the University of Maryland’s Center for Cre-ative Leadership. Upon graduating college, Witt embarked on a storied military career in the Navy, where he spent time as an F–14 Tomcat pilot based on the U.S.S. John F. Kennedy and as an FA– 18A Hornet project pilot at the Naval Air War-fare Center in China Lake, CA. After the Navy, Witt continued to fly professionally for nearly nine years as an engineering test pilot on the B–1B, F–16C and F–23. In 1993 he joined Computer Technology Associates, where he managed a $100-million contract as Executive Vice President. Since 2002, Witt was CEO and General Manager of the Mojave Air & Space Port, which lies just outside of my district, where he was the defining factor in making that Port the crucial institution that it is today. In addition to his efforts at Mojave, Witt also served as the Chairman of the Commercial Spaceflight Fed-eration (CSF) from 2012–2014 where he worked tirelessly to promote the development of commercial human spaceflight and to bring about a 21st century space age for America. I have worked with Stu on multiple occa-sions to develop legislation that would allow the commercial space industry to innovate and expand in the state of California, and can at-test to his skills as a pioneer and leader. His legacy will be felt by space lovers, entre-preneurs, and explorers for generations. f 
IN DEFENSE OF SECOND AMENDMENT FREEDOMS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, throughout this president’s time in office, he has worked to undermine the 2nd Amendment freedoms of law-abiding Americans. It’s no surprise that he would begin his final year exactly the same way. The new unilateral actions announced by the president will do little to make our commu-nities safer. But they could infringe on the rights of Americans to protect themselves and their families. These unilateral actions are only an attempt to distract from the career failings of an inef-fective president. In fact, most of them are about strictly enforcing our existing laws— something this president has repeatedly failed to do. The Second Amendment is a founding prin-ciple of our Republic. I assure my constituents that I will continue to stand strong against any infringement. 
f 
SHERIFF CHARLES BILLINGHAM, CAMDEN, NEW JERSEY 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sheriff Charles H. Billingham of Cam-den County, New Jersey for his achievements, contributions, and service to the people of New Jersey and the United States of America. Sheriff Billingham started his 34-year career as a patrolman in Gloucester City, New Jer-sey. Recognized for his talent and positive de-meanor, he quickly rose through the ranks from patrolman to sergeant where he super-vised and managed the daily activities of a pa-trol platoon. He moved to the Washington Township Police Department, which put him back on patrol again. His dedication earned him the respect from his fellow officers and he soon rose to the rank of chief of police. During his time as chief of police in Washington Township he focused many of his efforts on community outreach through educational pro-grams including crime prevention, issues con-cerning youths, domestic violence, and drug awareness such as ‘‘project aware’’ and D.A.R.E. In 2007, after serving as a councilman and Mayor of Gloucester City for nearly 4 years, he was elected Sheriff of Camden County. He brought with him the same ‘‘can do attitude’’ he had displayed throughout his career. As sheriff, he continued to focus on educating and incorporating the police into the commu-nity. In fact, his tenure saw a tremendous rise in community engagement and a plummeting crime rate. Moreover, his work ethic never wavered, even as he approached retirement he continued to energetically and enthusiasti-cally protect our community. During his final days as sheriff while out on patrol during a routine traffic stop, he personally arrested three fugitives, and confiscated illegal weap-ons and a substantial amount of illegal drugs. A lifelong family man, he is now retiring to spend more time with his wife Marion and their two sons, Chuckie and Michael. Mr. Speaker, Sheriff Billingham is a great American who exemplifies the selfless dedica-tion of law enforcement officers throughout the country. I join Camden County and all of New Jersey in wishing him a happy retirement and thanking him for his outstanding service. f 
SUPPORTING TAIWAN’S DEMO-CRATIC ELECTIONS AND RIGHT TO SELF-DETERMINATION 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition and support of our close ally Taiwan as it prepares to conduct free, fair and democratic presidential elections. On January 16, 2016, the Taiwanese people will go to the polls in a tremendous display of the core democratic principle of self-deter-mination. This year, we celebrated the 41st anniver-sary of the passage of the Taiwan Relations Act, a law that has helped foster a deep bond between the U.S. and our ally in the Pacific. As the only Member of Congress born in Tai-wan and as a member of the Congressional Taiwan Caucus, I am encouraged by our strong bilateral relations and the broad bipar-tisan support for Taiwan that exists in Con-gress today, and I look forward to expanding that relationship even further with the newly- elected president. I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing Taiwan a successful democratic and inde-pendent election. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA8.010 E07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE20 January 7, 2016 
H.R. 712 AND H.R. 1155 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, this week, the House considered H.R. 712, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act, and H.R. 1155, the SCRUB Act, pieces of leg-islation with the primary purpose of disman-tling and undermining the federal rulemaking and regulatory process. I voted against both of these bills. Throughout my career, as an administrator and policymaker at the local, state, and fed-eral levels, I have often seen the value of common-sense regulations that save lives. I have also seen the challenges associated with cumbersome regulations that are difficult to comply with. There are ways to make some regulations more efficient and easier to navigate, but we must do so in a way that protects public health, maintains our environmental protec-tions, and ensures fair market interactions. These bills, however, are far from the mark They both would implement a ‘‘cut-go’’ ap-proach that would require every new rule to come with the removal of another, even in cases of emergency or imminent harm to pub-lic health. This approach is absurd. Regula-tions often build on each other, evolving and sometimes rapidly responding to emerging challenges, and this type of restriction will only threaten the process and undermine the ability of agencies to effectively protect public health, public safety, the environment and more. The Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act, through its barriers to con-sent decrees, through its imposition of a mora-torium on implementation until a rule is avail-able online for six months, and through its re-quirement that all rules be summarized in 100 words online, regardless of how complex, only adds additional, unnecessary burdens on the rulemaking process, without actually improving it. The underlying assumption behind these bills is that regulations are unwelcome and burdensome on communities and the econ-omy. I frequently, however, hear from industry in my community and around the country about the importance of many government regulations, in equalizing the playing field and setting important guidelines based on science that allow them be good actors in their com-munities. There are certainly outdated regulations, and there is always room for greater effi-ciencies, and the creation of more perform-ance based, flexible regulatory processes. These bills however, will not get us closer to that goal, and are dangerous to public safety, to health and the environment. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF THE HONORABLE DALLAS THEODORE YATES 
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 7, 2016 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the memory of a godly and enterprising soul from Florida: my uncle, the Honorable Dallas Theodore Yates. Mr. Yates, affectionately known as ‘‘Uncle Dallas,’’ was born in Caryville, Florida on Sep-tember 22, 1919. From a young age, he was a person of deep and abiding faith, giving his life to Christ at the age of eight while attending Saint Mary’s African Methodist Episcopal (A.M.E.) Church. In 1951, Uncle Dallas would go on to help establish the Gregg Chapel A.M.E. Church in Fort Walton Beach, Florida. Later, he moved to south Florida with his wife, Jane Eva Davis Yates, where they reared their children: Phyllis Rose Bryant Gilley, Raymond Lawrence Bryant, Sr., Harold Dwight Yates, Dallasteen Joy Yates and Jeffrey Arles Yates. There, in 1957, he entered into Christian fel-lowship with New Bethel A.M.E. Church. Over the course of his tenure at the church, he held the positions of Trustee Board Chairman Pro Tempore, Steward Board Chairman Pro Tem-pore, District Steward, as well as Annual Con-ference Delegate, all while giving generously to support the church’s maintenance and serv-ices. In 1998, after many years of faithfully serving the Lord, he became a ‘‘licensed Ex-horter of the word of God.’’ Throughout his life, he was known for his entrepreneurial spirit and industrious nature. While living in Fort Walton Beach, Florida as a young man, he owned and operated the ‘‘Chicken in the Basket Restaurant’’ and was the co-owner of the ‘‘Silver Cab Company’’ with his brother Charlie Yates. He also owned and developed residential properties in the city. In 1962, he moved to Indian River Coun-ty, Florida and became the first black law en-forcement officer and Deputy Sheriff in the county. He is said to have been known for his professionalism and ability to deescalate situa-tions. In the 1970s, after honorably serving In-dian River County, he and his wife established D & J Citrus Inc., a fruit harvesting and pack-ing company. He also established the Yates Supermarket, which was family-owned and op-erated into the 1980s. I am blessed to have the opportunity to pay tribute to the memory of an exceptional man: my uncle, the Honorable Dallas Theodore Yates, who, despite facing what many would describe as insurmountable obstacles, accom-plished his dreams of becoming a business-man and a trailblazer in law enforcement, while remaining a man of faith until his pass-ing on December 30, 2015 at the age of 96. Mr. Speaker, I shall remember Uncle Dallas as a devoted husband, a dedicated father, and a mentor who provided me with a sense of di-rection, which has led me to the Congress of the United States of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JA8.015 E07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D13 Thursday, January 7, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 2:00 p.m., on Monday, January 11, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4340–4349; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 582 were introduced.
                                         Pages H175–76 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H176–77 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 653, to amend section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of In-formation Act), to provide for greater public access to information, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–391).
                       Page H175 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative LaHood to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                              Page H105 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:11 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                                Page H113 
Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act of 2015— Rule for Consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 581, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1927) to amend title 28, United States Code, to improve fairness in class action litigation, by a re-corded vote of 234 ayes to 176 noes, Roll No. 22, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 236 yeas to 176 nays, Roll No. 21. 
                                                                    Pages H117–23, H152–53 
Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settle-ments Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 712, to impose certain limitations on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, by a recorded vote of 244 ayes to 173 noes, Roll No 12.                                      Pages H123–45 
Rejected the Kelly (IL) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 171 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 11.
                              Pages H143–45 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–37 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule.
                                                          Page H133 
Agreed to: Marino amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–388) that includes a small number of revisions in the nature of technical and conforming changes to clarify provisions that state deadlines, re-format section nomenclature and headings, and im-prove typography or grammar; and
                    Page H135 
Foxx amendment (No. 5 printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–388) that requires monthly reporting of unfunded mandates by agencies to OIRA; requires reporting of unfunded mandates imposed in OIRA’s annual cumulative assessment of agency rule making. 
                                                                                      Pages H138–39 
Rejected: Cummings amendment (No. 7 printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–388) that sought to exempt inde-pendent establishments from the requirements of Title II of the bill;
                                                      Page H140 
Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 2 printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–388) that sought to insert an ex-ception for any rule, consent decree, or settlement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JA6.REC D07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD14 January 7, 2016 
agreement that the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget determines would result in net job creation and whose benefits exceeds its costs (by a recorded vote of 175 ayes to 242 noes, Roll No. 7); 
                                                                    Pages H135–36, H140–41 
Cummings amendment (No. 3 printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–388) that sought to strike section 653 as created by Title II of the bill (Requirement for Rules to Appear in Agency-Specific Monthly Publications) (by a recorded vote of 174 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 8);
                              Pages H136–37, H141–42 
Lynch amendment (No. 4 printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–388) that sought to amend Title II of H.R. 712 by requiring federal agencies to provide an estimate of the benefits of proposed regulations; also require the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs to include the total benefits of proposed and final agency rules in the annual cumulative assess-ment of agency rule making required by the bill (by a recorded vote of 180 ayes to 235 noes, Roll No. 9); and
                                                           Pages H137–38, H142 
Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 6 printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–388) that sought to clarify that the exception to the rule should take effect in the event that there is a threat to health or safety or other emergency and not only when such threat is imminent (by a recorded vote of 173 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 10).
                           Pages H139–40, H142–43 
H. Res. 580, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 712) and (H.R. 1155), was agreed to yesterday, January 6th. Announcement by the Chair: The Speaker ad-dressed the Members on matters of decorum in the House.
                                                                               Page H145 
SCRUB Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 1155, to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, by a re-corded vote of 245 ayes to 174 noes, Roll No. 20. Consideration began yesterday, January 6th. 
                                                                                      Pages H145–52 
Rejected the Cicilline motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 178 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 19.
                                    Pages H150–51 
Rejected: Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 4 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that was debated on Janu-ary 6th that sought to strike title II of the bill, eliminating the legislation’s regulatory ‘‘cut-go’’ process, which requires that agencies eliminate rules identified by the Regulatory Retrospective Review Commission prior to issuing a new rule (by a re-corded vote of 174 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 13); 
                                                                                              Page H146 Cummings amendment (No. 6 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that was debated on January 6th that sought to exempt independent establish-ments from the requirements of the bill (by a re-corded vote of 172 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 14); 
                                                                                      Pages H146–47 
Cicilline amendment (No. 7 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that was debated on January 6th that sought to exempt rules made by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the additional provisions of the legislation (by a recorded vote of 176 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 15);
                                           Page H147 
DelBene amendment (No. 8 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that was debated on January 6th that sought to create an exemption from regulatory ‘‘cut-go’’ requirements in the case of an emergency (by a recorded vote of 176 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 16);
                                                                            Page H148 
Cicilline amendment (No. 9 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that was debated on January 6th that sought to provide that the term ‘‘rule’’ has the meaning given in section 551 of title 5, United States Code, except for a special rule as made by the Secretary of Homeland Security (by a recorded vote of 173 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 17); and 
                                                                                      Pages H148–49 
Pocan amendment (No. 10 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that was debated on January 6th that sought to exempt from the bill rules put forth by the FDA for the purposes of consumer safety (by a recorded vote of 173 ayes to 245 noes, Roll No. 18).
                                                                                     Page H149 
H. Res. 580, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 712) and (H.R. 1155), was agreed to yesterday, January 6th. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and fifteen recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H140–41, H141–42, H142, H142–43, H144–45, H145, H146, H146–47, H147, H148, H148–49, H149, H151, H151–52, H152, and H152–53. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:27 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
ACQUISITION REFORM: EXPERIMENTATION AND AGILITY Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Acquisition Reform: Experimen-tation and Agility’’. Testimony was heard from Lieu-tenant General Michael E. Williamson, USA, Prin-cipal Military Deputy to the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics and Technology); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JA6.REC D07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D15 January 7, 2016 
Sean J. Stackley, Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Development and Acquisition); and Rich-ard W. Lombardi, Acting Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Acquisition). MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee On Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 1797, the ‘‘End Neglected Tropical Diseases Act’’; H.R. 3662, the ‘‘Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act’’; and H.R. 4314, the ‘‘Counterter-rorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 4314 and H.R. 1797. H.R. 3662 was ordered reported, without amendment. TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ACQUISITION REFORM ACT: EXAMINING REMAINING CHALLENGES Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Transportation Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Transportation Security Acquisition Reform Act: Examining Remaining Challenges’’. Testimony was heard from Steven Wallen, Director, Explosives Di-vision, Science and Technology Directorate, Depart-ment of Homeland Security; Jill Vaughan, Assistant Administrator, Office of Security Technologies, Transportation Security Administration, Department of Homeland Security; Michele Mackin, Director, Office Acquisition and Sourcing Management, Gov-ernment Accountability Office; and a public witness. DOCUMENT PRODUCTION STATUS UPDATE Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Document Pro-duction Status Update’’. Testimony was heard from Julia Frifield, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State; Jason Levine, Di-rector, Office of Congressional, Legislative, and Intergovernmental Affairs, Office of Personnel Man-agement; Peter J. Kadzik, Assistant Attorney Gen-eral for Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice; Tamara Fucile, Associate Director for Legislative Af-fairs, Office of Management and Budget; and Tia Johnson, Assistant Secretary, Office of Legislative Af-fairs, Department of Homeland Security. ATTENTION NEEDED: MISMANAGEMENT AT THE SBA—THE ADMINISTRATOR RESPONDS Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Attention Needed: Mismanage-ment at the SBA—The Administrator Responds’’. Testimony was heard from Maria Contreras-Sweet, Administrator, Small Business Administration. BUSINESS MEETING Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a business meeting to consider a Mem-ber access request. The request for access to certain Committee documents made by Representative Thompson of California was granted. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JANUARY 8, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Readi-ness, hearing entitled ‘‘Effects of Reduced Infrastructure and Base Operating Support Investments on Navy Readi-ness’’, 8 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Research and Technology; and Subcommittee on Over-sight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Cyber Security: What the Federal Government Can Learn from the Private Sector’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JA6.REC D07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD16 January 7, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Monday, January 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, with a vote on confirmation of the nomination, at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, January 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of H.R. 1927—Fair-ness in Class Action Litigation Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E15 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E17 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E17, E20 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E18 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E15 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E16 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E16 Garamendi, John, Calif., E15 Green, Al, Tex., E20 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E17 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E15 Knight, Stephen, Calif., E19 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E19 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E19 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E16, E18, E19 Price, David E., N.C., E18 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E18 Trott, David A., Mich., E16 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E16 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 08, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D07JA6.REC D07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST