Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2965 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 2016 No. 82 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER. Pursuant to the order of the House of January 5, 2016, the Chair will now recognize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL MICHAEL M
CLAUGHLIN The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, my congressional office in Titusville Penn-sylvania, participated in a bridge nam-ing service for Lieutenant Colonel Mi-chael McLaughlin of Tionesta, Forest County, located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. Thanks to the efforts of State Representative Kathy Rapp, the bridge was renamed the Lt. Col. Michael McLaughlin/ AMVETS Post 113 Memorial Bridge. Lieutenant Colonel Michael McLaughlin was actually born in Ger-many, but raised in Forest County. He graduated from the West Forest High School in Tionesta, and later attended Clarion University. It was there he be-came an ROTC cadet, and was commis-sioned a second lieutenant in 1982. Starting his military career in the Army Reserves, Lieutenant Colonel McLaughlin went on to earn a master’s degree from the University of Pitts-burgh, and later became the president of his own company in Mercer, Penn-sylvania, all while serving in the Penn-sylvania Army National Guard. Throughout his service, he was highly honored, earning many ribbons and medals throughout his 26 years of serv-ice. Unfortunately, Lieutenant Colonel Michael McLaughlin was killed in the line of duty on January 5, 2006, in Ramadi, Iraq, as the result of a suicide bomber. He was just 44 years old, and left behind his wife and two daughters. McLaughlin was honored post-humously with the Purple Heart and the Combat Action Badge. He was the first field grade officer of the Pennsyl-vania Army National Guard to die in action since World War II. I was proud to see members of Lieu-tenant Colonel Michael McLaughlin’s community come together to honor him with this bridge naming. It is so fitting that it came in May, the same month as Memorial Day, when we honor the men and women who lost their lives in service to our great Na-tion. I am the proud father of an Army sol-dier. America’s servicemen and -women are very important to me. With Memo-rial Day coming up on Monday, I want to not only recognize the sacrifice of men and women such as Lieutenant Colonel McLaughlin who have given the ultimate sacrifice, but all of the members of our Armed Forces serving across the globe and all of our Nation’s veterans. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE AND NATIONAL SECURITY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, as the world hurdles toward an era where cli-mate change impacts our everyday life, we must recognize the consequences of our inaction. Secretary Hagel said it best when he stated: ‘‘Climate change is a global problem. Its impacts do not respect na-tional borders.’’ Despite this, we continue to live in a bubble of denial. It is abundantly clear that climate change is rapidly altering the world around us, contributing to higher temperatures, changing sea-sonal patterns, and driving the loss of species and habitats. The scientific evidence dem-onstrating the realities of climate change is vast and ever-growing. Just this week, NASA reported that April 2016 was the warmest April ever re-corded. In fact, NASA said there is a ‘‘99 percent chance that 2016 will be the hottest year ever recorded.’’ If this proves to be true, 2016 will beat our previous record holder, 2015. And 2015 beat our previous record hold-er, 2014. Sensing a trend here? Earth’s changing temperature does not just threaten the existence of plants and animals: climate change also affects our national security at home and abroad. As a Member of the House Intelligence Committee, I am briefed weekly on our most pressing and urgent threats, and it is abun-dantly clear that climate change is one of those threats. Climate change is what we consider a threat multiplier, meaning it is exacer-bating many of the challenges we con-front around the world today, and will produce new challenges for us in the fu-ture. As a global power with strategic interests around the world, climate change is immensely important to us because of the impact it has on the re-gional stability of our allies. Internationally, climate change is al-ready causing humanitarian disasters and resource scarcity that accelerates instability, contributes to political vi-olence, and undermines weak govern-ments. Examples of these repercussions are being seen around the world today. Climate change-induced drought in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.000 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2966 May 24, 2016 
Middle East and Africa is leading to conflicts over food and water, esca-lating longstanding regional and ethnic tensions into violent clashes. Rising sea levels are putting people and food supplies in vulnerable coastal regions at risk, threatening to displace count-less people. The increasing scarcity of resources in regions across the globe is stressing governments that are trying to provide basic needs for their citizens. In al-ready volatile regions of the world, these are highly dangerous conditions that can enable terrorist activity and exacerbate refugee crises. As these threats around the world continue to multiply due to climate change, the U.S. is forced to extend our limited re-sources in humanitarian aid and mili-tary security to more locations in an effort to keep the peace, protect our in-terests and allies, and avoid major con-flicts. It is not just the wonky scientists and policymakers that are sounding the alarm. The Department of Defense declared that the threat of climate change will affect the Pentagon’s abil-ity to defend the Nation and poses im-mediate risk to U.S. national security. The CIA and the Department of State have already identified climate change as a national security challenge, yet Congress continues to refuse to act on this issue. We are already experiencing the im-pacts of climate change from super-storms in the U.S. to devastating droughts in the Middle East. As cli-mate change continues to strain econo-mies and societies across the world, it will only create additional resource burdens and impact the way our mili-tary executes its missions, forcing our military to spend more on crisis pre-vention, humanitarian assistance, and government stabilization. This is why we have to act now. It is time for my colleagues to realize that the debate is over and that now is the time to deal with the very real con-sequences of climate change. As Presi-dent Obama said: ‘‘To make collective decisions on behalf of a common good, we have to use our heads. We have to agree that facts and evidence matter. And we got to hold our leaders and our-selves accountable . . . ’’ While we can’t reverse climate change, we can work with our partners around the world to slow the process, assist in adaptation, and protect our national security interests. The health and security of future generations de-pends on our actions today. 
f 
WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE OF AMERICAN RESOURCES IN AF-GHANISTAN NEEDS TO STOP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I am again on the floor—I don’t know how many times I have been on the floor—to talk about the waste, fraud, and abuse in Afghanistan. It just keeps going on and on. Last week there was a great article— I don’t think it was really great, but a very disturbing article—in The Wash-ington Post, and the title was ‘‘Afghan-istan Paid 11,000 Militants to Lay Down Their Arms. Now the Money Has Run Out.’’ It was the American taxpayer who paid the militants to stop fighting and killing Americans. Somewhere along the way this doesn’t make a whole lot of sense to me. We, the American taxpayers, have been paying fringe Taliban fighters not to fight for years. The article explained that there is little accountability of how that money is spent and where. We do not even know if paying fringe Taliban fighters not to fight is work-ing. Further, committed Taliban fight-ers get money from other sources and still get money from the American tax-payer, and they are there to kill Amer-icans. Somewhere along the way this just makes no sense at all. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  my letter to Speaker R
YAN about the great work of John Sopko, Special In-spector General for Afghanistan Recon-struction. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 14, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER , During the Easter Dis-trict Work Period, I read an Associated Press article about your support for numerous spending cuts to the FY 2017 budget in order to secure additional votes. While I support such efforts, it remains difficult for me to comprehend why congressional leadership continues to support the waste, fraud, and abuse in Afghanistan. After over 14 years, and over $800 billion dollars, the waste is more obvious today than ever before. I have enclosed two articles for your review that detail the severity of the situation. First is a USA Today story re-garding Mr. John Sopko’s testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee that details the mysterious case of ‘‘Schrodinger’s goats,’’ in which $6 million was spent on nine male goats meant to start a cashmere industry in Afghanistan, and whose status as dead or alive cannot be con-firmed. Second is an NBC story, ‘‘12 Ways Your Tax Dollars Were Squandered in Af-ghanistan’’ which, unfortunately, is only a small sample of the waste. Surprisingly, many in the Republican Party question why the American public is so frustrated with our leadership. A cursory look at the multitude of reports of the wast-ed billions of dollars in Afghanistan should easily rationalize the American people’s frustration. Adding Afghanistan spending to the chopping block will go a long way toward gaining the support of the American people and restoring fiscal sanity to Washington, DC. Nothing is changing in Afghanistan—it continues to be the graveyard of empires and with a growing debt surpassing $19 trillion, I believe that America is heading for the graveyard. Mr. Speaker, I also encourage you to per-sonally meet with Mr. John Sopko, the Spe-cial Inspector General of Afghanistan Recon-struction (SIGAR). The valuable work of SIGAR has uncovered billions of dollars of waste, fraud, and abuse in Afghanistan, which we must stop. Thank you for your continued leadership and consideration of this request. I look for-ward to hearing from you soon. Sincerely, WALTER B. J ONES , Member of Congress. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, in the let-ter to Mr. R
YAN, I ask him, the Speak-er of the House, if he would find 45 min-utes in the very busy schedule that he has to meet with John Sopko. I have been in meetings, both formal and in-formal, with John Sopko, and other Members of Congress have, and his group, known as SIGAR, have given full reports every year for the past few years to talk about the failure of our policy in Afghanistan. I don’t know why we in Congress continue to fund Afghanistan. It is nothing but a waste of life and money, and it needs to stop. Mr. Speaker, it is true now that we have fewer Americans killed in Afghan-istan, but they still are being killed and wounded. I have a poster beside me that I have carried down to my district in North Carolina, as well as here in the House. For every one American that dies, I write a letter to the family. I have sent over 11,000 letters to fami-lies in this country. I started this when we had the war in Iraq, on which I failed to vote my conscience. I bought the misinformation from the Bush ad-ministration, and I voted to send our troops to Iraq. This picture is of a little girl stand-ing there with her hand holding her mother’s hand, with her finger in her mouth kind of wondering why her daddy is in a flag-draped coffin. This will continue to go on. There will be families across this Nation until we pull out of Afghanistan. Let Afghani-stan take care of its own problems. We cannot buy friendship in Afghanistan. I close with this, Mr. Speaker. It was said many, many years ago about Af-ghanistan that Afghanistan is the graveyard of empires. With our $19 tril-lion debt, there will soon be a head-stone in Afghanistan that says: ‘‘USA.’’ It is time to get out of Afghanistan. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS MONTH AND SENIOR HUNGER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate the contributions of our sen-iors during Older Americans Month this month, I rise to draw attention to an issue that often goes overlooked in our communities, and that is the ter-rible problem of hunger among aging adults. Food insecurity among seniors has doubled since 2001, and is expected to increase significantly as the baby boomer generation ages. Today, food insecurity impacts 5 million seniors across the country, forcing them to make impossible decisions between food, medical care, home heating, and other necessities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2967 May 24, 2016 
We know that hunger is a health issue, and that is especially true among seniors over the age of 60. Re-search from Feeding America suggests that, compared to their food-secure neighbors, seniors suffering from hun-ger are 60 percent more likely to expe-rience depression, 53 percent more like-ly to report a heart attack, 52 percent more likely to develop asthma, and 40 percent more likely to report an expe-rience of congestive heart failure. Baby boomers spend twice as much on health care as young adults do. En-suring seniors have access to nutri-tious food is vitally important. We know that seniors have unique nutri-tional needs, and I am pleased to see scientists collaborating to create nu-tritional guidance for seniors. Researchers at the Jean Mayer USDA Human Nutrition Research Center on Aging at Tufts University, with sup-port from the AARP Foundation, re-cently unveiled an updated MyPlate for Older Adults graphic to help seniors visualize what foods cover the nutri-tional needs that make up a healthy plate for adults their age. The new icon also encourages them to follow healthy eating patterns. I was pleased to join scientists from Tufts as well as representatives of AARP last week at a briefing on Cap-itol Hill to unveil the new MyPlate icon and educate congressional staff on the importance of senior nutrition. But if we want to ensure seniors have access to nutritious foods, we must also ensure that they have the ability to afford fruits, vegetables, and other healthy options. One critical step we can take toward the goal of ending sen-ior hunger is closing what is referred to as the ‘‘senior SNAP gap.’’ While millions of our parents, grand-parents, teachers, and friends are fac-ing hunger, only a fraction of low-in-come seniors eligible for food assist-ance through SNAP are accessing the benefits, presumably because of the stigma associated with assistance, or because seniors are unaware they qual-ify for benefits. b1015 Many seniors also suffer from limited mobility or may have issues com-pleting benefit applications, which can be complex and very time-consuming. In fact, seniors are more likely than any other age group to be eligible for SNAP, but they are not enrolled to re-ceive the benefits. That is why I am pleased to see so many advocacy organizations using Older Americans Month to call atten-tion to the issue of senior hunger. Through their hashtag Solve Senior Hunger campaign, Feeding America and other antihunger and -aging orga-nizations across the country are reach-ing out to seniors and their loved ones to raise awareness and ensure that those seniors who are eligible to re-ceive SNAP benefits are connected to the appropriate resources. We should do all we can to help solve senior hunger by talking to our family members and friends about senior hun-ger and by partnering with leaders in our communities who work to improve access to nutritious food for senior populations. During my years in Congress, I have had the opportunity to visit food banks and other organizations in my district that are working to end hunger among seniors. Last year I had the privilege of spending a day with a Meals on Wheels program that is based in Northampton, Massachusetts, which is part of my congressional district. I helped to pre-pare and deliver meals and had the op-portunity to speak with seniors who were served through this incredible program. Members of Congress have an impor-tant role in ensuring our Nation’s sen-iors don’t go hungry. I encourage all of my colleagues to spend time with simi-lar programs in their districts. Congress must adequately fund pro-grams like Meals on Wheels, which pro-vides nutritious food to seniors, and re-ject harmful cuts to SNAP, which will disproportionately harm the most vul-nerable among us: children, seniors, and the disabled. That hunger is still a big problem in America, the richest country in the history of the world, and it should make us all ashamed. But, in working together, we have the power to end hunger now, especially among our sen-ior population. Let’s act now. 
f 
VENEZUELA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the ongoing crisis in Venezuela due to the incompetence of its leader, Nicolas Maduro. No matter what Maduro says, the crisis is his fault, not the fault of the U.S., not the fault of the Organization of American States. Maduro and his corrupt cronies are the ones to blame for this dis-aster—no one else. While the Obama administration has sometimes tried to concede to the Maduro regime, it has only been recip-rocated with no real positive change or any way forward by Maduro. Even now, the U.S. Embassy in Caracas has had to suspend appointments for Venezuelans who seek first-time tourist and busi-ness visas due to staff shortages that it blames on Maduro. This is just the tip of the iceberg, Mr. Speaker. For a country that is rich in oil reserves, it is the sign of incom-petence and corruption that Venezuela is struggling with empty grocery stores, shortages of medicine, high in-flation, and a plummeting economy. Now Maduro is trying desperately to receive assistance from other countries to save his corrupt regime. India has offered medicine in exchange for Ven-ezuelan oil, and China may offer loans to Venezuela in exchange for oil. But these attempts are possibly too late, and Venezuela may not be able to sur-vive this incredible economic down-ward spiral. To put it simply, Mr. Speaker, Ven-ezuela is on the verge of total collapse, and what an impact that will have throughout our hemisphere. It is not a matter of if. It is a matter of when. On top of that, Venezuela is also fac-ing medical shortages that have be-come a humanitarian crisis. Recently, a group of Venezuelan legislative mem-bers were in D.C., meeting with us to ask for humanitarian assistance for their people and for medical supplies to take care of the sick in Venezuela. Now, these members are the opposi-tion of Nicolas Maduro, but they know that Maduro doesn’t care about helping the people, so they are rising up to the chore. The Venezuelan Medical Federation has asked the Maduro regime to accept humanitarian aid in order to handle the massive shortages of medicine in the country, a request that has not been agreed upon by Maduro. The Ven-ezuelan Neurology Society reported that the shortage of medicines for neu-rological conditions has reached around 90 percent. The Venezuelan National Assembly has declared a humanitarian health crisis that includes the lack of 872 es-sential medications. In April, the Ven-ezuelan newspaper El Nacional re-ported that the Venezuelan Pharma-ceutical Federation declared that the shortage of medicines in pharmacies has reached 85 percent. The lack of medicine, Mr. Speaker, impacts people from all walks of life, from the elderly, to the sick, to the mentally ill, to the children who can-not receive lifesaving care. Individuals with serious illnesses have to go from pharmacy to phar-macy, looking for the medicines. If they don’t find them, they either have to leave the country or try to smuggle the medicines in through the under-ground black market. The situation in Venezuela can also quickly become more violent and even more dangerous if the crisis is not resolved quickly. Maduro has issued emergency de-crees, even though the National Assem-bly rejected it, that will help him con-solidate even more of his power. Power? Maduro doesn’t care about the food and medicine for the people. All he cares about is having more power. Last week Venezuela launched its biggest military exercise. Who is in-vading Venezuela? Why did he do it? To scare the population and to show the Venezuelan people his military might so as to prevent any protests by the people. At the same time, the Ven-ezuelan National Assembly has called for its own country to be suspended from the Organization of American States. The crisis in Venezuela must wake up others in the region. The new leaders of Argentina and Brazil are needed to bring the Southern Cone together in the name of regional stability. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.003 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2968 May 24, 2016 
Where is the leadership in the United States? President Obama has yet to add more names of human rights viola-tors in Venezuela. Adding names would prevent them from coming to the United States. This is a list that is based on a law that I passed along with my Senate colleague, Senator M
ARCO  R
UBIO. That law is going to expire, and we need to extend it a few more years because those rights are being violated every day. I talked about the economic hard-ships, but let’s talk about the political and human rights violations that are going on every day in Maduro’s Ven-ezuela—they are committed by the Maduro regime—including the uncon-scionable imprisonment of Leopoldo Lopez and scores of pro-democracy ac-tivists. The dire situation in Venezuela, Mr. Speaker, is out of control. Let’s see what we can do because the Venezuelan people deserve better than a corrupt Maduro. 
f 
ASIAN PACIFIC AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. J
UDY CHU) for 5 min-utes. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, the month of May is recog-nized as Asian Pacific American Herit-age Month, an important time to cele-brate our Nation’s rich cultural diver-sity as well as the many accomplish-ments and contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders all across our country. Asian Americans and Pacific Island-ers are now the fastest growing racial group in the country, and today more immigrants come from Asia than from any other region in the world. As chair of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, or CAPAC, I have seen these growing numbers re-flected here in Congress, where we now have 14 Asian American and Pacific Is-lander Members of Congress, which is a historic high. We have also seen these numbers re-flected in the diversity of our Federal workforce as well as in the Federal ju-diciary, where we have more than tri-pled the number of Asian Pacific Amer-ican judges who serve on the Federal bench. This includes the historic nomina-tion of Sri Srinivasan to the U.S. Dis-trict Court of Appeals, which is ex-tremely notable because it is the court from which many U.S. Supreme Court Justices have risen, and we know that it is only a matter of time before we have our first Asian American Supreme Court Justice. In addition to working to diversify our Federal workforce, we in CAPAC have the privilege to advocate for the priorities and concerns of Asian Pacific Americans on a broad range of issues, from combating racial profiling, to keeping immigrant families together through comprehensive immigration reform, to ensuring that all Americans can access the ballot box and have a voice in our democracy. Today far too many in the Asian Pa-cific American community are being profiled because of the way they look or the religion they practice, and whether they are Chinese Americans who are being singled out for economic espionage or are Muslim or Sikh Amer-icans who are wrongfully perceived as terrorists, we know that profiling cre-ates a culture of suspicion that not only breeds mistrust, but that also en-dangers the lives and livelihoods of in-nocent Americans. Take the recent case of a Chinese American scientist who was wrongly targeted as a spy for China. One ter-rible morning, Professor Xiaoxing Xi woke up to see guns pointed at him and 12 FBI agents arresting him in front of his wife, two daughters, and the whole neighborhood. They dragged him off to jail, accused him of being a spy for China, and threatened him with 80 years in jail. It turned out that the FBI agents were wrong. So they dropped all charges, but not before ruining Pro-fessor Xi’s life. We have also seen this happen in the case of Sherry Chen, a hydrologist at the National Weather Service of Ohio, who was arrested in front of her co-workers and was accused of being a spy for China, only to have her case dis-missed. Asian American scientists and engi-neers, who have worked hard to get their advanced degrees and be success-ful in their careers, now live in fear that they, too, may be next. As CAPAC’s chair, I have made it a priority to fight back against these in-justices. We have met with Attorney General Loretta Lynch to demand an-swers to these cases. We have held press conferences, have written letters, and have questioned the FBI and the Department of Justice during congres-sional hearings. We know we must speak up. In fact, we need only to look at the horrors of what happened to innocent Japanese Americans who were impris-oned during World War II to know what can happen when we remain silent. That is why it is so important for di-verse communities to have a voice in our democracy. Today the ability for us to make a difference is enormous, and we in CAPAC are working hard to ensure that Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers have access to the ballot box through our efforts to restore the Vot-ing Rights Act. Nationally, Asian Pacific Americans have doubled our voter registration numbers over the last decade from 2 million to 4 million people, and, by 2040, we will have doubled even those numbers. We are the sleeping giant. In fact, Asian Pacific Americans have gone from being marginalized to being the margin of victory. As we celebrate Asian Pacific Amer-ican Heritage Month this May, let us remember not only the many contribu-tions of the Asian American and Pa-cific Islander community, but also the challenges that we must continue to confront in order to ensure that all Americans, regardless of race, eth-nicity, religion, or language ability, can achieve the American Dream. Happy Asian Pacific American Herit-age Month. f 
LATINO EMERGENCY COUNCIL’S 10–YEAR ANNIVERSARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Latino Emergency Coun-cil as we celebrate their tenth-year an-niversary. Since their founding in 2006, they have provided exemplary service in promoting emergency preparedness and communication with the Latino community in Stanislaus County, Cali-fornia. The LEC was conceived in the fall of 2005 as a partnership between the Stanislaus County Hispanic Leadership Council, El Concilio, and the County of Stanislaus. The initial goal was to for-malize a communication channel with leadership from the Latino community and the Stanislaus County Office of Emergency Services in the event of an emergency. The organization is a leader in emer-gency communication response as well as in personal emergency preparedness. The LEC distributes emergency pre-paredness information throughout the community in nonemergency situa-tions and offers training to the commu-nity as a means of building community capacity and self-reliance in emer-gency situations. The LEC has assisted in multiple emergency responses, such as the H1N1 swine flu outbreak, heat emergencies, the West Nile virus, and cold weather situations. They also participate in multiple dis-aster exercises, translate vital infor-mation into Spanish, provide training for underserved community members, and perform outreach throughout Stanislaus County by distributing tens of thousands of pieces of literature in Spanish. Organization members also travel to the FEMA Region IX office in Oakland, California, and in Washington, D.C., and advocate for emergency prepared-ness capacity in the Latino commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, please join me in hon-oring and in recognizing the Latino Emergency Council for their service and outstanding contributions to the Latino community as they celebrate their tenth-year anniversary. They are an example of how amazing things can be done when people come together with passion and purpose to make change in the local community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.005 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2969 May 24, 2016 
b1030 THANKFUL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today is my birthday, and I chose to take this opportunity to address Congress and the American people on things I am blessed with and thoughtful about. First, of course, are my parents, who are no longer alive, but they gave me a great education and gave me a lot of love. My mother got the opportunity to see me get elected to Congress, and when I did, she said: What does that make me? I told her it made her the queen that she has always been. She passed about 5 years ago, so she hasn’t been able to see these other years. I am thankful to my mother, my fa-ther, and my grandfather, but espe-cially to my great-grandfather, Simon, who left Lithuania with nothing in about 1884 and came to this country. If he wouldn’t have taken that bold step to leave his homeland without any-thing at all, I probably would have been born into some union that would have led to my being killed in the Hol-ocaust. Simon was a great man, and this was a great country that accepted him. We have bills dealing with immigration, and I think about Simon leaving Lith-uania and giving me the opportunity to be here. I am most thankful for my constitu-ents for giving me this opportunity to serve in Congress. I love my job. I have been in politics all my life. I got elect-ed for the first time when I was just 27 years old, and I am a lot older than that today. My constituents have blessed me. My district is the most African American district in the United States of Amer-ica, and the issue of race and my reli-gion—I am Jewish, which makes me a minority in my district—do not come up any longer. I have not lost a pre-cinct in the Democratic primary be-cause I have the best constituents in America who don’t see religion and don’t see race, but they simply see somebody who works hard at their job and votes their interests and tries to make Memphis more prosperous, more healthy, and more just. And I will al-ways do that. I thank my constituents for giving me the opportunity to serve here, which was always something I longed for. I served in the State senate for a long time. I ran for Congress once be-fore and lost. And I used to look at this building and think, ‘‘I didn’t get there; I didn’t make it.’’ I got a second chance, and the District Nine residents gave me that chance. I will be finishing my 10th year this year. To serve with the men and women I serve with in this Congress, we get a lot of abuse, and some people don’t think we do a good job. Sometimes I don’t think we do a good job. I will tell you that the people in Congress, the men and women, are all good men and women. They are likeable people. That is why they get elected. They are all winners. They may have a different perspective on what is right for this country, but they come here dedicated, and they work hard and they try to represent their district and make things better for the people in their district. I am thankful for each of you, Democrats and Republicans, for the op-portunity to serve with you in this great Hall and to serve America. I thank District Nine, and I thank all my friends and my parents for giving me this opportunity and giving me life. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF TRAFFICKING ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 1-year anniversary of the signing of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. We are grateful for the accomplishments of the legislation over the past year. The JVTA has rein-vigorated our Nation’s commitment to fighting sex trafficking. The legislation sought to undercut demand for sex trafficking by holding buyers and advertisers of trafficking accountable for their choices. Under the SAVE Act—my legislation that was signed into law as part of the JVTA legislative package—we have given prosecutors the tools they need to fight these Web sites and businesses that support human trafficking by knowingly advertising victims for prof-it. Right now, tens of thousands of de-mented online advertisements are openly selling children into sexual en-slavement. Predators in our commu-nities are going online and having chil-dren delivered to their hotel rooms as easily as they would a pepperoni pizza. Today, human trafficking is moving from the streets to the Internet, mak-ing it more accessible and more insid-ious. The SAVE Act fights this sick ex-plosion of trafficking on the Internet. The SAVE Act is already dem-onstrating that it is an indispensable tool to attack online trafficking. Backpage.com and other exploitive Web sites, which enable human traf-fickers by allowing them to post ads selling the bodies and the souls of our children, are angry that the U.S. is now holding the advertisers of human traf-ficking accountable. Backpage.com claims that their abil-ity to post children for sex online is a matter of free speech. It is not a mat-ter of free speech, Mr. Speaker. It is a flagrant violation of the dignity and the basic constitutional rights of these abused and vulnerable children. Facili-tating the purchase of children for sex is not a right; it is a crime, and it is a crime of the most heartless and evil proportions. In December 2015, backpage.com filed a lawsuit against the SAVE Act in the United States District Court of the District of Columbia, and they specifi-cally named me, ANNWAGNER , in their case. They are suing us because the SAVE Act has upset their pocketbooks and hindered them from making money off human trafficking sales. I take it as a huge success that we are finally mov-ing in the direction where adults, Web sites, and businesses that exploit vic-tims of human trafficking cannot prof-it and will not be given a free pass for their despicable crimes. The Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act creates a legal framework to ensure that those who sell children and young women for sex, those who buy children for sex, and those who profit from human trafficking will be held accountable for their choices. But this law will be rendered useless until the Department of Justice moves to fully implement it. To our knowledge, the Department has not opened any new investigations to target adver-tisers of trafficking. The JVTA clarifies those who solicit and patronize victims of trafficking can and should be prosecuted as sex trafficking offenders under 18 U.S. Code section 1591. Failing to prosecute buy-ers perpetuates demand for trafficking and allows offenders to abuse our chil-dren with impunity. But while buyers have been arrested over the past year, we have seen very few convictions. Exactly how many convictions? We don’t know because the Department of Justice has not re-leased this information. We do know that many buyers have inexplicably been allowed to walk. America’s children are not objects to be bought and sold and abused by pred-ators. They are children who we, as adults, have the duty to fiercely, fiercely protect. We are also waiting on the Depart-ment of Justice to levy a $5,000 assess-ment on convicted human traffickers, convicted buyers who exploit victims, and offenders of similar crimes. We passed the JVTA 1 year ago, but the Department has neglected to assess the vast majority of these offenders—per-haps all of these offenders—despite a number of related convictions. These fines are meant to help popu-late the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund to provide assistance for victims of trafficking and child pornography and develop prosecution programs. We are waiting on the Department of Jus-tice to establish and populate this fund to get survivors the services that they need. In short, there is much work to be done and we will not just walk away. It is our most fundamental responsibility to fight to protect our most vulnerable from sexual enslavement. This is our most basic duty. 
f 
TSA FUNDS DIVERTED The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.006 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2970 May 24, 2016 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, as I speak here today on the comfortable and uncrowded floor of the House of Representatives, all across America, people are standing in lines like cattle, waiting 60 minutes, 90 minutes, some-times longer, missing their flights to get through airport security. It didn’t have to be this way. We do a lot of things around here that are kind of not quite on the up- and-up, and one of them was a deal at the end of 2013 December, essentially when Americans are celebrating the holidays and not paying a lot of atten-tion. Congress cut one of those year- end budget deals to fund the whole gov-ernment and theoretically reduce the deficit. Now, my friends on the Republican side are totally averse to dealing with the deficit through any sort of reve-nues: can’t raise revenues, can’t make hedge fund managers on Wall Street pay taxes like other Americans because that would be bad; can’t deal with overseas loopholes, corporations re-incorporating in tax havens so they won’t have to pay money here, even though they are based here and operate here. We can’t deal with any of those issues. They snuck into that bill a little fee, yeah, just a little tiny fee. They raised the fee for aviation security. So why are things so bad today? If they just raised the fee in December of 2013, raising an extra $1.2 billion—B, as in billion—a year for aviation security, why are the lines so long? Well, guess what. They raised the fee, and they diverted the money. So air-line passengers are paying more for their tickets ostensibly for aviation se-curity to keep them safe and maybe to mitigate some of their inconvenience of standing in line, but the Republican majority chose to divert that money to deficit reduction and other things— $1.25 billion dollars this year. Now, I heard the head of the union for the screeners on the radio this morning. He said we need 6,000 more workers. And they said, well, God, how much is that going to cost? Six thou-sand, how could you possibly afford that? Guess what. It would cost a heck of a lot less than $1.2 billion to hire 6,000 more screeners so Americans didn’t have to stand in 2-hour lines and miss their flights. What is wrong with this place? Why can’t we be on the up-and-up. If you raise a tax on people to pay for aviation security, both to make them safe and to make it more convenient and predictable, spend the money mak-ing it more safe, making it more con-venient, and making it more predict-able. Don’t divert the money to illu-sory deficit reduction or other things around here. That is incredible. So all Congress has to do is say: Hmm—of course, I voted against the bill, but the large majority who did— we were wrong. We shouldn’t have raised the fees on airline passengers. We shouldn’t have diverted the money. We shouldn’t have starved TSA from the funds they need to hire more peo-ple, both to deal with baggage and lines. Up above and below, we have got problems in both places with lack of staffing. Now, we will just blame the manage-ment of TSA. Oh, it is the manage-ment. It is the management. Don’t look over here, because we are taxing the passengers and we are spending the money over here, not on security. That is why people are standing in line today. I hope this place gets honest and says: Let’s change the law and let’s spend the money, the taxes the pas-sengers are paying, on aviation secu-rity and eliminate the excessive waits in lines. 
f 
NDAA AND RELIGIOUS FREEDOM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, 2 years ago the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) offered an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act re-garding religious freedom. Many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have attempted to use this amendment as a wedge in an effort to divide the American people. I want to take a few minutes to discuss the truth and the facts about its impact. In September of 1789, the First Con-gress considered demands made by many participants in the State conven-tions which called for ratifying the U.S. Constitution. In response to many of those concerns, Congress approved, by a voice vote, the First Amendment to the United States Constitution and sent it to the States for ratification. The States ratified it in December of 1791. The first two clauses of the First Amendment address religious freedom. The first prohibits an establishment of religion so that citizens would not be forced to support a national church, as was the case in Great Britain. The second clause prohibits any gov-ernment act that inhibits the free exer-cise of religion by a citizen, thereby as-suring that the government cannot dic-tate religious beliefs or interfere with citizens as they practice and live out their faith. b1045 Historically, we have a proud tradi-tion of Republicans and Democrats working together to protect free exer-cise under the First Amendment. A great example of this is the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which passed this House by a voice vote in 1993. Unfortunately, basic principles of free exercise are under attack today. In response, Mr. R
USSELL ’s limited amendment would extend religious lib-erty protection to four categories of government contractors. It is important to note that one doesn’t lose constitutional rights if he or she seeks to become a contractor of the government. Hence, contractors are protected in the free exercise of their religious beliefs and practices. The Russell amendment makes explicit these contractors’ rights to such pro-tection in the employment of people who work for them. So let’s look at the Russell amend-ment. It states: ‘‘Any branch or agency of the Federal Government shall, with respect to any religious corporation, religious association, religious edu-cational institution, or religious soci-ety that is a recipient of or offeror for a Federal government contract, sub-contract, grant, purchase order, or co-operative agreement, provide protec-tions and exemptions consistent with sections 702(a) and 703(e)(2) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . . . and section 103(d) of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 . . . ’’ Again, note that the Russell amend-ment is limited to these four cat-egories of religious entities, and it does not apply to other private entities or individuals. Mr. Speaker, the 1964 Civil Rights Act is a landmark civil rights law which bans discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. Title 7 of the act deals with dis-crimination in the workplace. Section 702 specifically protects the four cat-egories of religious employers listed in the Russell amendment. Hence, the Russell amendment ex-tends to these four categories of reli-gious entities when they are working for or attempt to work for the govern-ment, the same religious liberty rights they have had for over 50 years when operating in the private sector. This approach is neither new nor novel. The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 extends many of the same rights granted under the 1964 act to people with disabilities. Section 103(d) of that act allows the four categories of reli-gious entities to give ‘‘preference in employment to individuals of a par-ticular religion’’ and to require that ‘‘all applicants and employees conform to the religious tenets of such organi-zation.’’ Again, the Russell amendment ex-tends to these four categories of reli-gious entities the same religious lib-erty rights they have had for over 25 years when operating in the private sector to when they are doing business in the government. The opponents of the Russell amend-ment say it provides for discrimination against the LGBT community. A sim-ple review of the amendment and the underlying statutes demonstrates an absence of any reference to LGBT per-sons. Indeed, the Russell amendment is narrowly drawn to apply only to the four categories of religious entities in their employment of individuals to carry out their work. Any service or product produced by such an entity in a government contract would have to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.007 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2971 May 24, 2016 
be provided to whomever the govern-ment requires, and that, obviously and appropriately, will include those in the LGBT community. Mr. Speaker, if the Russell amend-ment is discriminatory, then so is the First Amendment, the Religious Free-dom Restoration Act, the 1964 Civil Rights Act, and the Americans with Disabilities Act. If allowing a religious entity to em-ploy persons who share its beliefs is discriminatory, then so are all these other Congresses. It is inaccurate to portray the Russell amendment as any-thing other than a narrowly drawn ef-fort to protect religious freedom. 
f 
NEW ENGLAND COMPOUNDING CENTER TRAGEDY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to call attention to a public health atrocity that is being ig-nored by the current administration and the current administration’s con-tinued failure to ensure justice for American citizens. As many Members in this body will recall, in 2012, the New England Compounding Center manufactured and distributed nonsterilized injections to clinics and hospitals around the Na-tion. After receiving those injections, more than 750 people nationwide devel-oped fungal meningitis. To date, 76 peo-ple have died as a result. As you can see by the illustration to my left, this is a nationwide issue. The epicenter, however, of the outbreak was in Michigan’s Eighth District, which I proudly represent. More than 200 people became sick, and 15 people died after receiving the tainted injec-tion from a clinic in our district. Because of the reckless disregard for the health and safety of the recipients of these drugs, the Department of Jus-tice secured 131 convictions against 14 individuals, including 25 counts of sec-ond degree murder against the two main defendants for the deaths occur-ring in seven States. Although this outbreak happened al-most 4 years ago, the consequences are still very real today. Just the other week I was approached by a gentleman whose wife had died as a result of a le-thal injection she received. It was, of course, heart-wrenching to hear the agony he went through and continues to deal with after losing his best friend and wife to this terrible tragedy. Whether it is someone who has lost a loved one or a victim now living with chronic pain and sickness or a family member caring for an ill victim, this is a national tragedy, and the people need to be heard. Not only have the day-to-day lives of these victims been irretrievably al-tered, they have also been financially ruined. Just to give you an idea, copays on some of the drugs for the treatments required for this illness are up to $5,000 per month, and despite multiple bipartisan requests from Members of both this body and the Senate, the Department of Health and Human Services has rejected all re-quests to waive rights to collect on Medicare liens they have placed on the settlement issued last year. That means that victims will get very little from their compensation funds. In fact, to this date, they have received not a dime. Not only that, Mr. Speaker, but now the Obama administration, through the Office of Management and Budget, has blocked the ability of victims to get compensation from the Antiterrorism and Emergency Assistance Program, otherwise known as the AEAP for short. The AEAP was created utilizing funds from the Federal crime victims fund, a fund specifically set aside to compensate victims of crimes. The fund gets its resources from not tax-payer dollars, but through a special as-sessment on convicted criminals. They get it through criminal fines, penalties, and forfeited bail bonds. Without any explanation, a bureau-crat at the Office of Management and Budget has blocked the decision of a Senate-confirmed Assistant Attorney General to compensate victims of this act which the Department of Justice has recognized as criminal. These are innocent Americans whose lives have been destroyed by criminals who will never meet them, will never feel their pain, hear the pain in their voices, will never see the irreversible damage they have caused. But, Mr. Speaker, I see it, and the 17 other col-leagues of mine who have signed this bipartisan letter to the Office of Man-agement and Budget see it, too. Justice must be served. If the Attor-ney General won’t speak up to advo-cate for justice, as secured by the hard-working Assistant Attorneys General on this case, and the administration won’t reverse its decision, then the citizens of this country and the victims and their families deserve to know why they have been denied justice. As a former prosecutor myself for my local community, I understand full well that victims of crimes need an ad-vocate to stand up for them. Nothing— and I mean nothing—will reverse the harm that has been caused by this act. But at the very least, we must ensure justice for the people, and we must hold those responsible accountable for their actions. I urge my colleagues to join me in this effort. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 54 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We ask Your blessing upon this as-sembly and upon all to whom the au-thority of government is given. Help them to attend to the immediate needs and concerns of the moment, all the while enlightened by the majesty of Your creation and Your eternal Spirit. The season of graduation for millions of American youth is upon us. May our appreciation as a Nation of the value of education among those who are our fu-ture be incentive enough to guarantee its importance in our public policy considerations. May all that is done within the peo-ple’s House this day be for Your great-er honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. ZELDIN led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL ESSAY COMPETITION (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to have held an essay competition for elementary school students throughout the Second Congressional District of South Caro-lina. The ‘‘Smiling Faces, Beautiful Places’’ essay competition received 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.008 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2972 May 24, 2016 
over 125 submissions where the stu-dents described their favorite moment in South Carolina history. Helen Miller, a third grade student at Brennen Elementary School in Colum-bia, wrote a winning essay on the Rev-olutionary Battle of Charleston that took place in 1780. Jack Hinchey, a third grade student at Heathwood Hall Episcopal School, wrote his winning essay on the pirate Blackbeard. I appreciate all of the other schools that submitted essays to the ‘‘Smiling Faces, Beautiful Places’’ essay com-petition: Pontiac Elementary, Chapin Elementary, Gilbert Elementary, Forts Pond, Timmerman, Lake Carolina, Midway, and Round Top Elementary. I am inspired to represent so many remarkable young people and dedicated educators in the Second Congressional District, and I was humbled to receive so many submissions. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forgot September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
HOUSING CRISIS (Ms. MOORE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, despite the ongoing economic recovery that has seen the longest streak of private sec-tor job growth in history, since the 2008 crash, the uneven recovery in housing markets has absolutely crushed the poor and working class and has left homeowners in poor areas underwater and has squeezed renters with a lack of units and high rents. Shamefully, the GOP-controlled House has been an absentee landlord on this issue, and now we find out that the Republican nominee for President wanted the crash because it would be a good thing for rich guys like him to make more money. Maybe that is why the now-failed Trump Mortgage pushed subprime loans. The American people deserve a Con-gress and a President who will keep them in their houses and in their homes. 
f 
SOCIAL SECURITY MAIL ACT (Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Social Security has made no bones about how important it is for Americans to safeguard their Social Security numbers. Beneficiaries are warned time and again to protect their cards in order to avoid identity theft. But commonsense safety measures should also be taken by Social Secu-rity. Unfortunately, the inspector gen-eral’s recent report found that this agency is failing Americans in a very dangerous way. How so? The Social Security Administration is including your Social Security num-ber on the documents it mails. That means any lost or stolen letter from Social Security endangers the security of a beneficiary’s identity. This bad practice needs to stop now, and as the chairman of the Sub-committee on Social Security, I am working to fix it. In fact, this week I will introduce the Social Security MAIL Act. It is a commonsense solu-tion to a problem that shouldn’t exist. Let’s get it done. f 
HOW THE WORLD’S LEADING SU-PERPOWER SHOULD CONDUCT ITS BUSINESS (Mr. CLEAVER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I am not sure what it is, but something is wrong with us. It makes me sick to my stomach to see a Presidential cam-paign that is an embarrassment to most thinking Americans. I can’t imagine any parent with good sense who would say to his or her child: Why don’t you look at the Presidential election. Look and learn as to how to debate. Learn how to disagree with someone and remain on a high level. This is disgusting and it is embar-rassing. I just hope the American pub-lic is not okay with this. This is not the way the world’s leading superpower should conduct its business. The whole world is watching us, and we are watching TV, looking at the worst kinds of things that could be said by human beings from the United States of America. I certainly hope that the American people are not happy with what is going on. 
f 
NO MORE EXCUSES FROM TSA (Mr. ZELDIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, why does it seem like no one at an airport secu-rity checkpoint has been delegated with that awesome, yet shockingly ab-sent, power of common sense? Why is the 80-year-old granny in a wheelchair being harassed? Why is the U.S. mili-tary servicemember in uniform with a military ID on military orders having his or her toothpaste confiscated? As the management and resource al-location issues rise that are plaguing the bureaucracy at the TSA, red flags are going up with the peak travel sea-son nearly upon us. Some airline pas-sengers report wait times of as long as 2 or 3 hours to get through security. Long lines will only get longer if the TSA doesn’t pursue a course correc-tion, that of coordinating with airport authorities and airlines to ensure that staffing levels match peak travel times. If you have four lanes being occupied and if you have a long wait, maybe you should occupy some more of the avail-able security lanes. Allow law enforce-ment to do its law enforcement duties to free up more screeners to screen. Airlines can do their part by knock-ing off the madness with the hidden baggage fees. The trick might help fill seats on planes, but it is resulting in more people taking their baggage through security. By the way, the TSA doesn’t have a funding issue. Last year this Congress gave it more than it asked for. No one wants to hear the TSA’s excuses. f 
CELEBRATING GENE CONNOLLY (Ms. KUSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and celebrate Gene Connolly, the principal of Concord High School— my alma mater—in Concord, New Hampshire, who will be retiring from his position at the end of this school year. Over the past 14 years, Principal Con-nolly has served at the helm of Concord High School, helping to lead the school to multiple State championships and new academic heights. If it weren’t for his diagnosis of ALS in July of 2014, there is no doubt that Principal Con-nolly would continue to serve the stu-dents of Concord High. I had the privilege of meeting with Principal Connolly just last week in D.C. when he came to Congress to ad-vocate for legislation to support ALS patients. It is a testament to his un-paralleled leadership and courage that, even in the face of extreme adversity, Principal Connolly is spending his time in advocating for legislation that will benefit ALS patients in the future. He has changed the lives of generations of Concord students. While we are all sad that Principal Connolly’s tenure will come to a close this summer, there is no doubt that his leadership, his courage, and his spirit will continue to inspire future genera-tions of students at Concord High and beyond. 
f 
BERTA SOLER (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, it should come as no surprise that Presi-dent Obama has agreed to arm Com-munist Vietnam and that he continues to extend diplomatic niceties and con-cessions to authoritarian regimes that show no intention of changing their brutal tactics. These overtures to the Castros in Cuba have resulted in a prominent human rights defender, Berta Soler— right here in this poster—the leader of the peaceful prodemocracy group, the Ladies in White—Las Damas de Blan-co—and 27 others being arrested this week and facing charges of resistance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.010 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2973 May 24, 2016 
because only in Communist regimes and under ruthless dictatorships is nonviolent opposition to the regime considered a crime. Peaceful dis-sidence, resistance, is a crime in Cuba. For all of the engagement—the con-cession after concession to the ruthless dictatorship—it has not moved the Cas-tros even 1 inch toward freedom, to-ward human rights, toward the rule of law, toward democracy. The people of Cuba deserve better. 
f 
TRUMP MORTGAGE (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, last week we learned that the Republican pre-sumptive nominee, Donald Trump, ac-tually rooted for the collapse of the housing market just before the Great Recession wrecked our economy. In 2007, before the crash, Donald Trump said he was excited about the housing market crash because ‘‘I’ve al-ways made more money in bad markets than in good markets.’’ Today we don’t know if he made money or not because, unlike Presi-dential candidates for decades, Donald Trump refuses to release his income tax returns. In fact, there is one report that suggests that he paid no income taxes in 1 year. Even worse, his own company, Trump Mortgage, actually pushed people into subprime mortgages. Millions of people lost their homes in the housing crisis, and 8.4 million Americans lost their jobs, but Donald Trump was the win-ner. He is doing what he does best—put-ting himself above everybody else. He does not want to make America great. Donald Trump wants to make Donald Trump richer. 
f 
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, the first freedom mentioned in our Constitution is the free exercise of religion. The Founders understood the universal right to seek God in accordance with one’s conscience and, also, that many sought refuge on these shores because of religious persecution. Pilgrims, Puritans, Quakers, Catho-lics—these were just some of the groups who fled persecution. In the old country, in the old days, exercising one’s faith could result in lost business opportunities and other forms of dis-crimination. Some faced imprisonment and even death. The Founders knew that history and sought to guarantee that this new Federal Government would not allow such injustice. Regrettably, Mr. Speaker, today we are seeing laws, rules, executive orders, and court rulings at different levels of government force some people to choose between following their con-sciences and pursuing their livelihoods. Such a choice is exactly what the penal laws of 18th century Ireland presented to Catholics in that country: abandon your faith or face severe hardship. Forcing such a choice is at odds with explicit, fundamental, constitutional liberties and basic human rights. The intolerance of religious freedom will not—cannot—stand in our Nation. f 
b1215 NEVADANS DEMAND APOLOGY (Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of Nevadans to demand an apology from presumptive Republican Presidential nominee, Donald Trump. Last week, news reports revealed that Donald Trump actually bragged about being able to make a lot of money from a housing market that was about to burst. He rooted for that bub-ble to burst. Well, the crash of the housing mar-ket devastated my hometown of Las Vegas, which was one of the hardest hit in the country. Thousands lost their homes, and 71 percent of homes were underwater, some by over 50 percent. Bank foreclosures put families on the street who had already lost their jobs and their savings. Slowly we are coming back, though. We have reformed lending policies, de-manded accountability, and worked to ensure that families can keep a roof over their heads, but we remember how awful it was. So we say to Mr. Trump: Keep your short fingers out of the Nevada housing market. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward presumptive nominees for the Office of President. 
f 
HONORING MAYOR WILLIAM E. TROXELL (Mr. PERRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I honor William E. Troxell on his May 31, 2016, retirement as mayor of the borough of Gettysburg. Mr. Troxell was born in Gettysburg and is a direct descendant of John Troxell, the first settler of Gettysburg. Mr. Troxell is a World War II veteran and served 12 years in the United States Army Reserve. William is best known, however, as Mayor Troxell of Gettysburg, a posi-tion he has held since 1997 and per-formed with zeal, professionalism, and class. William has left an enduring leg-acy of service to Gettysburg and our Nation. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Congressional District and a grateful nation, I am proud and humbled to con-gratulate William E. Troxell on his re-tirement and wish him great health, happiness, and prosperity in his future adventures. f 
PORT SPENDING TARGETS (Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, the Panama Canal expansion is set to open next month, posing challenges for many of our Nation’s ports. That is why it is more important than ever that our ports have the funding that they need to prepare for the future and stay glob-ally competitive. Since coming to Congress, I have led an effort to ensure that money col-lected at our Nation’s ports in the har-bor maintenance tax be spent at our Nation’s ports. We have set up a glide path to get us to 100 percent spending of the funding by 2025, and each year we have a target to get closer to that goal. This week, we are voting on the en-ergy and water appropriations bill on the floor, and I want to thank the lead-ership of the Appropriations Com-mittee—Chairmen R
OGERS and S IMPSON  and Ranking Members L
OWEY and K AP-
TUR—for recognizing the importance of port spending targets. This year $1.2 billion is set to go back to our ports and our port communities, making it the third year in a row that we have hit our target. I am proud of this continued achievement. This fund-ing will go to the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, where I come from, and also to ports across this country to create construction jobs and economic opportunities for decades to come. 
f 
COLUMNIST MAKES FALSE CLIMATE CHANGE CLAIMS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, re-cently a prominent New York Times columnist recycled disproven asser-tions to criticize businessman Donald Trump’s views on climate change. This type of alarmist rhetoric is what we have come to expect from liberal pun-dits and the media, but science doesn’t back the columnist’s claims. Extreme weather events are not get-ting weirder. There is no evidence that weather events such as hurricanes, tor-nados, droughts, and floods have in-creased in number due to climate change. Last year, at the Paris climate con-ference, the President said that fish swim in the streets of Miami because of a downpour caused by climate change. He was immediately contradicted by his own government agency that said the flooding was due to lunar cycles, not climate change. Climate alarmists should speak the truth, not try to promote a political agenda. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.012 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2974 May 24, 2016 
TRUMP’S RECORD OF FAILURE (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I am here to talk about the failed business record of likely Republican nominee Donald Trump. His own failed company, Trump Mortgage, actually pushed homeowners into subprime mortgages. Donald Trump not only lost money himself and his company went out of business, but millions of hardworking Americans also lost their homes during the housing crisis. I also want to talk about his scam university that he set up, Trump Uni-versity. The State of New York said it is illegal to use the name ‘‘university’’ because you are not running a univer-sity. He then changed the name before it went out of business. It is also being sued by many of its students, who paid up to $35,000, think-ing, as it said in the informercials, that Trump had handpicked the instructors. But according to Donald Trump’s own deposition, he never selected the in-structors for the program. In fact, he hadn’t even met most of them and didn’t even know who they were. That is why, in 2014, a New York judge found Donald Trump personally liable for op-erating the company without the re-quired business license. Look, what a track record: losing money, forcing subprime loans on Americans and taking money from hardworking Americans, and then going out of business with his fake uni-versity company. This is Donald Trump’s record of failure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward presumptive nominees for the Office of President. 
f 
AMERICAN STROKE MONTH (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize May as American Stroke Month. 800,000 Americans suffer a stroke every year, with more than 300,000 stroke survivors living in Illinois today. Stroke research and rehabilita-tion plays a critical role in helping these 300,000 survivors return to work and lead fulfilling lives. A strong congressional response to stroke is crucial for the hundreds of thousands of stroke victims, their fam-ilies, and their friends each year. My friend and colleague Senator M
ARK KIRKovercame unbelievable ad-versity and returned to work rep-resenting Illinois in the United States Senate after suffering a life-threat-ening stroke. His perseverance has been a personal inspiration, and through his Battle Buddies group, he has become an inspiration to countless stroke survivors in Illinois and around the country. Senator KIRK’s Battle Buddies group is raising awareness of the fact that nearly 80 percent of all strokes can be prevented through healthy lifestyle choices and maintaining low blood pressure. By simply recognizing the signs of stroke and taking action, peo-ple can save a life and greatly mini-mize long-term damage. This month, I ask all my colleagues to join me in raising awareness for this important issue and ensuring that stroke survivors have the absolute best quality of care possible. 
f 
ROOTING AGAINST FAMILIES (Mr. RYAN of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, back in 2005, ’06, ’07, ’08, ’09, and ’10, in Ohio, we saw a housing crisis unlike any-thing we had ever seen before. We saw almost 400,000 people in Ohio, families, lose their home. We saw over 400,000 job losses. We saw a 16 percent decrease in housing values in Ohio. All the while, hundreds of miles away, perched in the gold-plated tow-ers of the Trump building in New York City, there was a billionaire saying: I hope this happens. I hope the housing market collapses. I hope people get thrown from their homes. I hope they file bankruptcy because that will be good for me. Shame. Shame that we have a major leader of a major party rooting against families in Ohio, in Pennsylvania, in Florida, in Colorado. Shame on you, Mr. Trump. You are supposed to be rooting for the American people, not rooting against them. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would like to remind Members, once again, to refrain from engaging in personalities toward presumptive nominees for the Office of President. 
f 
HONORING OUR FALLEN HEROES (Mr. MARCHANT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, last week I voted to ensure our brave men and women in uniform receive the proper training and necessary equip-ment to protect themselves and our country. Today I rise to honor and offer my prayers to the families of those men and women who have, unfortunately, made the ultimate sacrifice in defend-ing the United States. This coming Monday, our Nation will observe Memorial Day. As families across the country gather to celebrate this holiday, we must not forget those men and women who gave their lives protecting the rights and freedoms guaranteed by our Constitution. These brave men and women answered the call to serve when our country was in need, and they deserve our honor and gratitude. I remain forever grateful for their service. f 
CATERPILLAR CONSTRUCTION’S ATHENS PLANT (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the success of the Caterpillar Construction Equip-ment Company’s plant in Athens, Geor-gia. On April 21, 2016, the Athens branch was named by Governor Nathan Deal as Georgia’s 2016 Large Manufacturer of the Year. This award comes directly on the heels of the Athens branch being recognized as the Athens-Clarke Coun-ty Manufacturer of the Year. Opened on October 31, 2013, the Cater-pillar location touts an 850,000-square- foot state-of-the-art facility with 1,700 employees. The branch specializes in small track-type tractors and mini hy-draulic excavators, providing these products to customers throughout North and South America and Europe. This award illustrates the continued success of Georgia in attracting new businesses. Since 2011, Georgia has at-tracted 511,000 private sector jobs, with 40,000 in manufacturing. I am ex-tremely proud of these statistics. I rise today to congratulate Cater-pillar Athens on their success, and I wish them the best of luck in their con-tinued success. 
f 
HONORING CHIEF KEITH SMITH (Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the courage and leadership of Chief Keith Smith, or ‘‘Smitty,’’ as many affectionately called him. He was a dedicated fire-fighter, a leader in the truest sense of the word, and a devoted husband, fa-ther, and grandfather. Sadly, Chief Smith passed away recently after a battle with cancer. A lifelong Hoosier, Smitty spent nearly five decades as a firefighter in the Indianapolis area. He led the Indi-anapolis, Westfield, and Carmel depart-ments as fire chief during his long ca-reer. He retired in 2012 a highly deco-rated and widely respected leader who, in retirement, continued to champion and advocate for firefighter education and mentorship. In 2000, I was honored to work with Chief Smith to put on the 2001 World Police and Fire Games in Indianapolis. His remarkable leadership and passion for leading others was truly inspira-tional. I feel fortunate to have known him, and I know his legacy lives on through the many lives he saved, the men and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.014 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2975 May 24, 2016 
women he led, and, most importantly, his family, whom he loved dearly. I offer my deepest condolences to Keith’s family, especially his wife, Cindy, and all the firefighters who mourn his loss and cherish his mem-ory. 
f 
GET THE VA WORKING FOR VETERANS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, one of the most important bills signed into law during the last couple of years was a measure to reform the Department of Veterans Affairs to give our veterans choices. This law was adopted in response to a national scandal over outrageous wait times at the VA, secret wait lists, and 40 veterans who died while waiting to receive care. In Oakland, the VA re-gional office discovered over 13,000 ini-tial benefit claims that dated back to the 1990s tucked away in a file cabinet. The widespread dysfunction and mis-management of the VA is unaccept-able. Our veterans deserve better. Like many of my colleagues, I was shocked by the recent comments made by VA Secretary Bob McDonald, who made references to Disneyland in an interview about how long veterans must wait in line to see a doctor. Veterans attempting to schedule medical appointments are not there for entertainment. Indeed, they are on a roller coaster as to whether they are even going to have an appointment when they show up a few days later. They are in need of basic healthcare services that they have risked their lives for. In my district, I have heard from many veterans who have had their ap-pointments canceled and have experi-enced significant obstacles in accessing their healthcare benefits. It is clear that there are veterans all across the country who are not satis-fied with the VA, and the only way to get the VA working for veterans is with accountability and strong con-gressional oversight. Indeed, the glowing reports we get from VA officials are a fantasyland of the nontruth. 
f 
b1230 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2576, TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 897, REDUCING REGULATORY BUR-DENS ACT OF 2015 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 742 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 742 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 2576) to mod-ernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes, with the Senate amend-ment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce or his des-ignee that the House concur in the Senate amendment with an amendment inserting the text of Rules Committee Print 114-54 modified by the amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution in lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the Senate. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be de-batable for one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion or de-mand for division of the question. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 897) to amend the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clar-ify Congressional intent regarding the regu-lation of the use of pesticides in or near nav-igable waters, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-53 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to my friend from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. During consideration of this res-olution, all time yielded is for the pur-pose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, you heard the Reading Clerk read. Sometimes it is tough to follow what we do up there in the Com-mittee on Rules. I would remind folks that rules.house.gov has the copy of the rule, and folks can get into all of the details. I am real proud of the work that we did up there yesterday. I am glad to be down here on the floor today representing it. House Resolution 742, Mr. Speaker, is a standard rule for consideration of a House amendment to the Senate- amended H.R. 2576. That is the Toxic Substances Control Act Modernization Act. It also provides a closed rule for consideration of H.R. 897, the Zika Vec-tor Control Act. Mr. Speaker, the year was 1976. That was the last time the Congress and the White House dealt in a serious way with the Toxic Substances Control Act. In fact, that is when the bill was first passed. For the intervening four decades, science has changed, technology has changed, consumer demands have changed, and yet the way that we regu-late these chemicals has not. And it is not for lack of trying. For Pete’s sake, Mr. Speaker, long before I arrived in this Chamber 5 years ago, Members were trying to find an agreement on how to deal with the Toxic Substances Control Act, how to update that for late 20th century or early 21st century technology. In fact, the late Senator Lautenberg, Mr. Speaker, was probably the largest champion for this reform that we had on either side of Capitol Hill. He passed away 3 years ago next week. Three years ago next week, many thought that the opportunities we had to suc-ceed here passed away with him. Despite the headlines, Mr. Speaker, that read that gridlock controls Wash-ington, D.C., despite the 1-minutes that you hear down on the floor, Mr. Speak-er, where it is their fault and it is their problem or it is his fault and it is his problem, there really are a serious group of Members on both sides of this Capitol who want to get the people’s business done. What we have today is one of those efforts, an effort 40 years in the making that culminates here today. It happened with a lot of serious, hard work on both sides of the Hill, Mr. Speaker. It happened because folks didn’t give up when people said it couldn’t be done. It happened because nobody said: It is my way or the high-way. But they said: How can I work with folks who may disagree with me in order to reach an end that is going to be better for the folks that I serve back home? We have that product today, Mr. Speaker. In fact, I have it right here. It is also available. It is the Rules Com-mittee print. It is available at rules.house.gov if folks want to give it a read. I won’t confess it is a short read. I won’t even suggest that it is an excit-ing read. But what I will suggest is it is the product of negotiation and con-sensus building. You may remember, Mr. Speaker, that when we first dealt with this issue on the House side, it passed 398–1—398– 1. It passed by unanimous consent on the Senate side. Now here we are today, having bridged those two bills. Mr. Speaker, that is the TSCA legisla-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.015 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2976 May 24, 2016 
The Zika Vector Control Act, Mr. Speaker, is designed to bring those pest control technologies that we have, those pest control opportunities that we have, to bear in the name of public health as soon as safely possible. Mr. Speaker, for years the EPA has had in its understanding of how to reg-ulate in this country that, as long as it had already certified a pest control as being safe, they did not have to go back and run it through the Clean Water Act approval process as well. The law of the land, strictly speak-ing, says, yes, you need to do that. Folks thought it was duplicative. They hadn’t been doing it. This bill today clarifies that. It says: For Pete’s sake, the law of the land is the law of the land. You ought to fol-low the law of the land. The law of the land ought to bring solutions to mar-ket as quickly and safely as we pos-sibly can. Mr. Speaker, we get one bite at this apple. We get one bite at Zika control. We get one bite at making this a public health risk that does not balloon here in the United States of America. This bill gives us an opportunity to put our best foot forward in terms of pest con-trol. Forty years, Mr. Speaker. For 40 years we have been working as House Members, as Senate Members, as Re-publicans, as Democrats, trying to look for the next effort to make sure that the chemicals we use in everyday household products are as safe as they can be, as viable as they can be—40 years, Mr. Speaker—and that process culminates here today. This is a rule that all Members can support, and I would encourage them to do exactly that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 min-utes. I yield myself such time as I may consume. My friend from Georgia mentioned a Web site a couple times. I want to make sure that you are aware, Mr. Speaker, of democrats.rules.house.gov. That is the Web site that tells what is really going on in the Committee on Rules and in the House. Democrats.rules.house.gov talks about the fact that there are more closed rules in this Congress than any Congress that precedes it. What does that mean? It means that Republicans have chosen to allow fewer amend-ments and have had more rules that allow more bills with no amendments than in any prior Congress. That is the kind of facts, Mr. Speaker, that we want to bring to your attention on democrats.rules.house.gov, an excel-lent Web site. Mr. Speaker, I also want to rise today—this is the last rule that I will have the opportunity to manage in conjunction with our current Demo-cratic staff director, Miles Lackey, who, after 25 years of public service, will be leaving at the end of this week. As a member of the Committee on Rules, I have deeply enjoyed the oppor-tunity to work with Mr. Lackey these last several years. Really, there are few who know the institution and its rules as well as Miles Lackey, and I person-ally will miss him. Mr. Lackey is a graduate of the Uni-versity of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He joined the House of Represent-atives staff back in 1987. In addition to his work in the House, he has been chief of staff to two United States Sen-ators and a senior official in the Clin-ton White House. He has contributed to many pieces of landmark legislation over the last three decades. I join my colleagues in wishing him well as he begins his new adventure on the staff at the historic Trinity Church, an Episcopal parish in New York City. I want to express my profound grati-tude, Mr. Speaker, for having had the opportunity to work with somebody of Mr. Lackey’s caliber, as I join my col-leagues in wishing him well in his fu-ture adventures. Mr. Speaker, I also rise in opposition to the rule and the first of the two un-derlying bills, the Zika Vector Control Act, H.R. 897. It has changed its name. It is now called the Reducing Regu-latory Burdens Act of 2015. What it should be called, perhaps, is the Pesticide Trojan Horse Act, which would be a more apt name for what this bill actually does, which I will talk about in a minute. The second bill that is covered under this rule is the TSCA Modernization Act, which is the product of years of negotiations. It certainly has both bi-partisan support as well as bipartisan opposition. It has problems especially regarding State preemption, which I will talk about, as well as several important at-tributes that have solved issues that have been facing our country with re-gard to chemical regulation for some time. Now, first, with the first bill, we have a bill that, apparently, the Republicans thought they could change the name of and then bring to the floor again. They figured, presumably, that with ‘‘Zika’’ in the title it would be harder to vote against. In reality, this bill has very little to do with the Zika epidemic. It is really another attack on the Environmental Protection Agency and the Clean Water Act. It is really just a pesticide industry Trojan horse bill. I am very disappointed that we are considering a rule on this bill when there is a very real threat of Zika on our shores. There are already many Americans who have encountered Zika abroad, been infected, and have re-turned to our country. It is only a mat-ter of time, Mr. Speaker, especially with the changing climate, that Zika will be endemic and will be spread in our own country by mosquitoes. I had the opportunity to visit the Centers for Disease Control facility in Fort Collins, Colorado, in my district. In the CDC facility in Fort Collins, they conduct all of the vector-borne illness research for the CDC. That is the nexus of vector-borne illness. What does that mean? It means dis-eases that are spread by ticks and mos-quitoes and fleas, everything from Lyme disease to Rocky Mountain spot-ted fever, in this case, Zika. The CDC had been tracking Zika for some time. For close to a decade they knew that Zika existed. However, when it spread in South America and the link was recently made to birth de-fects, it jumped to the top of their agenda. Unfortunately, they lack the abili-ties they need and the resources they need to try to find an effective way to eradicate Zika and provide a vaccina-tion against Zika that would then be made globally available. That is the kind of Zika bill the Democrats would like to bring forward. It is the kind of Zika bill that Ameri-cans expect from a public health per-spective. It is the kind of Zika bill that will save lives and prevent a public health catastrophe. I think there is a better way to do business on the floor of the House of Representatives. It wasn’t too long ago that our new Speaker was touting dedi-cation to regular order, but here we are again dealing with secretive, smoky backroom deals with very little time given to open, transparent discussion or amendments. As you can see at demo-crats.rules.house.gov, there have been a record number of closed bills in this Congress. Last night in the Committee on Rules, we had a partisan vote where the Democrats sought to open up this rule for amendments and the majority unanimously—the Republicans all sided together—shot down any chances for real discussion. Unfortunately, the Republicans are preventing an open discussion of ideas. They also know the Reducing Regu-latory Burdens Act—that is the pes-ticide bill or the Zika bill, whatever you call it—won’t become law, but they are deciding to bring up yet an-other partisan attack on the Environ-mental Protection Agency, somehow saying that actions to keep us safe from harmful pesticides is what has anything to do with Zika or public health. In fact, the EPA is acting to protect public health by regulating toxic pes-ticides that not only can hurt humans, but can damage our environment. b1245 I am glad to see we are finally having a busy week on the floor of the House. But the fact is one of these bills was al-ready defeated on suspension last week, and we have so much work to do. There are only 24 days of business in the House of Representatives before Congress gets sent home for a summer break. It shows me that we can use our time better. We can pass immigration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.017 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2977 May 24, 2016 
reform, we can address our Nation’s in-frastructure, we can prevent the tax in-centives that encourage corporations to offshore jobs, and we can reform our broken tax system. There is a lot that we could be doing during these limited 24 days besides passing a Trojan horse for the pesticide industry. We have a list of must-do items before July, as well. Congress has to pass an FAA reauthorization. We need to pass comprehensive immi-gration reform. It won’t get any better if Congress doesn’t act. We need to ad-dress the student debt crisis and make college more affordable. Mr. Speaker, I—and I believe the American people—would like to see all of these things happen before Congress gets another day or week or 2 months off, as Congress is expected to get in just 24 days. TSCA reform is long overdue. The law is 40 years old. It has never really been updated, frankly, throughout its history. It has failed at controlling toxic substances, as the title has indi-cated it was supposed to do. I am glad to see that a bipartisan, bi-cameral compromise was struck, which, for the most part, will strength-en the reform in a way that will pro-tect our communities and public health. There is a broad range of support for the bill, from supporters in the envi-ronmental community to labor, to the EPA, to industry groups. However, there are some serious concerns that I think we should take into account, particularly around an issue very near and dear to my heart: State preemp-tion. For the last 40 years, the EPA has had their hands tied in trying to regu-late chemicals, which is why TSCA is considered to be the least effective en-vironmental law out there. This bill will make it more effective and give it some more teeth. But to get any im-provement on this law wouldn’t take much raising of the bar, as it was the least effective environmental law out there. The current law requires a cost-ben-efit analysis by the EPA which is far too high a bar to meet when it comes to protecting our children’s safety. When we are talking about chemicals, we need to focus on health. And that is what this bill does. It requires that a minimum safety threshold be met by new chemicals before they are able to enter the marketplace. It makes sense. It specifically focuses on the health of vulnerable populations like children and pregnant women who are at ele-vated risk of chemical exposure, which the current law does not. Most astonishing about the current law is it actually grandfathered in over 60,000 chemicals in 1976. Today they are joined by hundreds of thousands of ad-ditional chemicals and many household products and industrial uses. This leg-islation would require safety reviews for all chemicals currently in use that people are exposed to. As an example of how ludicrous the current system is, of the 62,000 chemi-cals on store shelves before 1976, the EPA only has studies on a few hundred. That means there are over 61,000 chemicals currently on store shelves that the EPA has not done any study on their environmental impact or human health impacts. Even more ridiculous, the EPA’s at-tempted ban on asbestos was struck down in 1991, due to the EPA having such a high standard for unreasonable risk. Yet we know asbestos has killed 107,000 people. It couldn’t be banned under the current law, even when the EPA tried. This law will make the bur-den lower and, consequently, our make communities safer by reviewing far more chemicals. I should add that the asbestos issue has largely been dealt with by liability and litigation—court cases that have lasted decades. If we could have a regu-latory system that prevents unsafe chemicals from being brought to the market and sold, it will also save hun-dreds of millions of dollars in legal fees and awards that would ensue if the chemicals were brought to market and actually harmed people. So in addition to preventing the harm, these types of safety regulations can actually save both plaintiffs and defendants, both companies and con-sumers, significant amounts of re-sources. To review these chemicals, the EPA will need funding. This bill collects a fee for new and existing chemicals, which is important to make the pro-gram work. The implementation of this new framework will be extremely im-portant for TSCA to work. There are several other positive as-pects of the bill, but the other signifi-cant one I want to mention is that it reduces the use of animals for chemical testing, which is why I am proud to say the Humane Society has endorsed the bill. Unfortunately, however, it is not all good news. There are some negative as-pects to the bill that I was hoping we would have the opportunity to address through amendment, but due to this very closed process, we have not. There are problems with provisions limiting the States’ ability to act in an aggressive and proactive manner. There are many States around the country that have or are working to enact strong provisions to protect their residents from exposure to dangerous chemicals. So, again, in the absence of a mean-ingful Federal system, many States have taken it upon themselves to pro-tect their citizens from harmful chemi-cals. The argument here is, now that the Federal Government does it, we can have some kind of preemption. I per-sonally would like to see the ability of State governments to go above and be-yond the Federal regulations without being cumbered by this issue of pre-emption. Now, it is a nuanced preemp-tion. I am going to talk a little about it. There have been some improvements to the State preemption language over the last few weeks and compromises written. As drafted, States will not have has much flexibility to protect their residents from unsafe chemicals as they do today. And that is abso-lutely true, and it is very unfortunate. This so-called preemption pause pe-riod means that States seeking to pro-tect the public from unsafe chemicals may have to wait up to 3 years for the EPA to finish its review. There are also concerns with the ability of the EPA to regulate imported products. So I believe there was an opportunity to do even more to protect the health of American people and our environ-ment under this bill. With regard to State preemption standards, the bill can actually take us backward by preventing thoughtful health and safety standards at the State level. But in other ways, by em-powering the Federal Government and finally putting teeth in TSCA, it is a good step forward. So I urge Members to balance the im-portant new authority the EPA is re-ceiving with the negative parts of the bill around State law preemption. I know this bill will have both bipartisan support and opposition. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I sometimes wonder why folks have such a negative opinion of Congress. And then sometimes I lis-ten to my colleagues speak and I un-derstand why folks back home have a negative opinion of Congress—because the folks who serve in this institution seem to have a negative opinion of Congress. I would say to my friend from Colo-rado, I am not thrilled about every-thing in TSCA reform either. Generally speaking, when it takes 40 years to get something done; generally speaking, when Democrats ran the entire show and they failed to get it done, and when Republicans ran the entire show, they failed to get it done; generally speaking, those are really hard things to get done. It takes serious, serious people work-ing serious, serious hours, struggling with serious, serious issues to come to a conclusion. And candidly, Mr. Speak-er, if I loved everything in this bill, I would wonder why we didn’t get it done sooner. The easy things have already been done. All that is left for us are the hard things. Candidly, we have a good team on the field to do those hard things. Mr. Speaker, I hope when we get into the debate on the underlying bill, you are not just going to hear from the Re-publican chairman of the committee about the good work here, but you are going to hear from the Democratic ranking member about the good work done here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.019 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2978 May 24, 2016 
I am hoping you are not just going to hear from the Republican sub-committee chairman about the good work here, but that you are going to hear from the Democratic ranking member on the subcommittee about the good work here because that is how this bill came before us. Mr. Speaker, there has been a discus-sion of partisanship. I hold in my hand a report from the Congressional Re-search Service. That is the non-partisan, academic research arm of the United States Congress. The title of this report is ‘‘Congressional Efforts to Amend Title I of the Toxic Substances Control Act,’’ the House-and Senate- negotiated bill. I agree with my friend from Colo-rado. If he and I were to sit down here and be able to write the bills our-selves—not just this one, but all of the bills ourselves—we would come up with some really great solutions; often-times, different solutions from the ones that are presented on the floor. But the reason no amendments are allowed to this bill is because we have been working on it for 40 years because we couldn’t agree. We already passed a bill in the House. They already passed a bill in the Senate. They were dif-ferent bills. We had to come together and agree on the same language. Now, to all of my friends who would like to offer their great ideas here at the eleventh hour, I would just tell you there were times before the eleventh hour that those ideas could have been offered, there were opportunities before the eleventh hour to come together. This is the final language. We don’t want amendments to the final lan-guage. I believe in an open process. I believe in an amendment process. I am proud that this is a closed rule on this topic because the amendments and the proc-ess have gone on in the past. This is the final product here today. That is TSCA, Mr. Speaker. Now, the Zika Vector Control Act. My friend from Colorado, again, de-scribes smoke-filled backroom deals when he describes this bill. Again, why do folks have such a neg-ative opinion about what we do? One man’s smoke-filled backroom deal is another man’s 30 years of com-mon practice. That is right. This is the bill that codifies what the EPA has been doing for 30 years. This codifies what the EPA, under Democratic ad-ministrations and Republican adminis-trations, has already been doing. They got sued, Mr. Speaker. Folks sued them and said: Hey, we don’t think you are doing it right. We don’t think that is what the rules allow. So what did the EPA do? The EPA came out with a rule-making process and said: Just to make it clear, this is the way we think we can best protect the public health. They got sued again. And the court said: No, EPA, you can’t make those decisions. Yes, you have been doing it for 30 years, but no, you can’t make those decisions. Congress needs to make that decision. So what did Congress do? We made that decision, and that bill is before us here today. It is not a smoke-filled backroom deal, Mr. Speaker. It is light-of-day, common sense, common practice, try-ing to align the laws of the land with the expectations of our constituencies back home. Absolutely, Mr. Speaker, every day of the week we could show up in this institution and we could run out some-body about something that is not going the way it is supposed to go. But to-gether, we are succeeding today where previous Republicans and previous Democrats have failed. Together, we are succeeding today where previous Congresses found it too hard. Together, we are about the business that our con-stituents sent us here to do. This is not a day to denigrate the in-stitution, Mr. Speaker. This is a day to celebrate those things that we are able to do when we come together in the best traditions of the United States House. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Georgia’s remarks have very little to do with anybody who is denigrating the institution. I think he profoundly mis-understands the reason that the Amer-ican people think that Congress isn’t doing its job. Let’s talk about what Congress is doing. Today it is great. We are work-ing. We are debating. We will probably be here until midnight. Well, guess what? After 3 more days of work, on Thurs-day, Congress will actually go on an 11- day vacation. It is working until Thursday, and then an 11-day vacation. We then come back in June, and I think Congress works for 12 days. Of course, in July, I think Congress works an amazing 8 or 9 days out of the entire month. August, zero days. So what the American people expect is for us to be here hammering away at these issues 5 days a week, 6 days a week, and, if necessary, 7 days a week. That is the kind of work ethic that I brought to the companies that I worked for. When I was starting com-panies, I was working hard. Whether it was 5 days a week or 6 days a week, we worked as long as we needed to to get the job done. And that is the opposite of the work ethic of this Congress, be-cause there are enormous tasks that this Congress is not doing. This Congress hasn’t worked at all towards balancing the budget. There are deficits of close to half a trillion dollars, thanks to the Republican tax- and-spend Congress. This Congress hasn’t done a thing to fix our broken immigration system. Not a thing. It hasn’t passed a single immigration bill in the entire Congress. Let’s stay here rather than go on va-cation for 11 days. Let’s make college more affordable for American families. Let’s reduce the deficit. Let’s fix our broken immigration system and secure our borders. Those are the kinds of things I would be proud of as a Member of a Congress. I would be proud to be here 5 days a week working hard on those issues. I would be proud to compromise and work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to create a work product that the American people would be confident with and, of course, would in-crease the confidence of the American people in this institution and both the Republicans and Democrats who have the honor to serve in it. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENE G
REEN ). b1300 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my Colorado col-league on the Rules Committee for al-lowing me to speak. I rise to oppose this rule but in sup-port of the amendment to H.R. 2576, the TSCA Modernization Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legisla-tion will reform our Nation’s broken chemical safety law for the first time since 1976 and directly addresses the Toxic Substance Chemical Act’s funda-mental flaws. Congress has worked on reforming TSCA for over a decade, and, as a mem-ber of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, I have personally been working on fixing the statute since 2008. Though not perfect, the proposal be-fore the House today is, in the words of President Obama’s administration, ‘‘a clear improvement over current TSCA and represents a historic advancement for chemical safety and environmental law.’’ The most notable improvements in the bill are replacing the current TSCA’s burdensome safety standard with a pure, health-based standard— that makes sense—explicitly requiring the protection of vulnerable popu-lations like children, pregnant women, and workers at chemical facilities like the district I represent; requiring a safety finding before new chemicals are allowed to go onto the market; giving EPA new authority to order testing and ensure chemicals are safe, with a focus on the most risky chemicals. This legislation responds to the con-cerns of industry to provide regulatory certainty for the job creators through-out our economy. This legislation is a win for our con-gressional district in Eastside Houston and Harris County, home to one of the largest collection of chemical facilities in our country. The reforms contained in this pro-posal have protections for the workers at our chemical plants, the fence line communities next to these plants, and benefit chemical manufacturers who will have certainty in a true, nation-wide market. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.020 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2979 May 24, 2016 
amendment and help pass the first major environmental legislation in a quarter of a century. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk a little bit about the worst of these two bills that we are considering under this rule, a bill that has very little or even per-haps no Democratic support, a bill that nearly 150 health, environmental, and fishing groups have made their opposi-tion to. That is the Reducing Regu-latory Burdens Act. It came up last week and failed. They had rebranded it last week as the Zika Vector Control Act. Now they are re-moving the pretense that somehow this deals with Zika and are just renaming it the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act. This is the insecticide Trojan horse bill. This is really a changing game where it is the same bill week after week. It failed last week, and they are bringing it back under a different procedure this week. Last week, apparently, they tried to use the threat that the Zika virus has posed to attack a very important law that actually protects our health and the health of our environment. Now, of course, vector control, mos-quito control, tick control, et cetera, is a very important part of managing any health crisis. But this bill really isn’t about that. It is a thinly veiled ploy to undermine the Clean Water Act. Certain pesticides are considered by the EPA to be pollutants because they are. They kill fish. They kill birds. They hurt people. This bill would eliminate the regu-latory step of requiring a permit to use these dangerous pesticides near water, effectively undercutting our primary means of protecting our water system. Once again, if you want to use a pes-ticide that is considered by the EPA to be a pollutant near a water source—a river or a lake—you have to apply for a special permit. As part of that proce-dure, you talk about what precautions are made to make sure that it doesn’t contaminate the water supply. Under this bill, were it to become law, you would no longer have to re-ceive a permit and it endangers the water supply. Coming from the great State of Colo-rado, we always like to say that water is for fighting over. We value our pre-cious water resources for agriculture, for our residents, and for our environ-ment. Anything that risks contaminating it is absolutely detrimental to our inter-ests as a State. That is why so many sportsmen and fishermen have also come out against this bill. Zika is the enemy, not the Environmental Protec-tion Agency. We have our priorities all mixed up. The Centers for Disease Control is not asking for this bill. The entity charged with battling Zika is not. This is just a backdoor attack on the EPA. Public health experts are not asking for this bill. This bill removes the EPA’s ability to regulate pesticide application that is intended to protect water supply when pesticides can, in fact, be one of the worst threats to a community’s water, especially for vulnerable moth-ers and newborns. Instead of wasting our time with red herrings like this bill, we should be talking about how we can support the world-class research and doctors we have and need to tackle the threat that Zika poses. So far, Zika has been found in 30 countries throughout the Western Hemisphere. As we head into the sum-mer months, the number of Zika cases will only increase. Evidence has indicated Zika is linked to microcephaly, which causes a baby’s head to develop smaller than normal, which is going to have devastating im-plications for potentially an entire generation in countries that have been hit hardest by Zika. And, of course, we fear when it reaches our shores. There are already cases in the U.S. The CDC is monitoring almost 300 preg-nant women for cases of microcephaly. We need to prepare for the eventuality that, unless we act, which this bill does not do, there will be more people in-fected with Zika. We need to work quickly and aggres-sively to mitigate the lasting effect. The President has a proposal to do that. The President has requested $1.9 billion to address Zika. I am offering an amendment to bring up legislation that would provide this funding if we defeat the previous ques-tion. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up legislation that fully funds the administration’s effort to mount a robust response to the growing Zika crisis instead of just paying lip service to this public health epidemic through cleverly named bills that keep changing their names and very short-term funding commitments. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD along with extra-neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I hope that we defeat the previous question. That will allow the President’s proposal to actually defeat Zika to come forward for a vote. This month I had the opportunity to visit the Division of Vector-Borne Dis-eases at the Centers for Disease Con-trol in Fort Collins. Now, the Division of Vector-Borne Diseases is an HHS- funded laboratory that studies vector- borne diseases, including Zika. They are an important part of the fight against Zika. We should be sup-porting their efforts, not wasting pre-cious floor time on a bill that literally endangers our waters, our environ-ment, and our health. Adequate prepa-ration for and, ultimately, a vaccina-tion for Zika will save lives. The House needs to act. We need to defeat this previous question. That is why we should be voting on com-prehensive Zika legislation, not legis-lation that is a Trojan horse for the in-secticide industry that undermines clean water and the health of our chil-dren. Whether it is the impact on the water ecosystem or the fact that water treatment plants spend millions of dol-lars to clean up surface water from pes-ticides, Congress has an obligation to fight to keep our waters clean so that pregnant women, children, and all Americans can be healthy. That is why we need to vote this bill down. That is why we need to defeat the previous question, to actually bring up a real Zika bill to address this public health crisis before more fami-lies are affected. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous ques-tion and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before I go through all of the things the gentleman from Colo-rado got wrong, I want to talk about what he got absolutely right, which is that this institution is going to miss Miles Lackey when he leaves at the end of this week. We are going to have more time to talk about Miles’ contribution here. But folks like Mr. Lackey we don’t need here on the easy days. We need them here on the hard days. We don’t need them here to get the little things done. We need them here to get the mammoth things done. We have a lot of mammoth things left on the calendar, and it is going to be harder to make those happen in your absence, Mr. Lackey. It has been a great, great joy serving with you these 51⁄2years, and I appreciate your commitment to this institution. We are what we are here, Mr. Speak-er, because of the commitment of indi-vidual Members, individual staffers, in-dividual constituents back home, who will not allow us to fail. The two bills that we have before us today are exam-ples of exactly that. It is hard to cut through the rhetoric sometimes, Mr. Speaker. If we went up to the gallery right now, Mr. Speaker, and polled folks about whether or not this Zika Vector Control Act had failed on the floor of the House, whether we had brought this to the floor and it had failed, I suspect everybody up there would say: Absolutely it failed. I have been hearing about it all morning. The truth is, Mr. Speaker, because it is Washington, D.C., and sometimes the rules don’t work here like they do else-where, the definition of failure in this House means that it got 262 votes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.021 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2980 May 24, 2016 
‘‘yes’’ and 159 votes ‘‘no.’’ Let’s make that clear. The bill that we are voting on today that is, apparently, the controversial of the two, is the one that last week when we voted on it got 262 bipartisan ‘‘yes’’ votes and 159 solely partisan ‘‘no’’ votes. Now, why is that true, Mr. Speaker? Why can a bill get 262 votes, a clear majority of this institution, and not pass? Well, because it was on the sus-pension calendar, that calendar used for completely noncontroversial bills to try to move things to conclusion faster. Why is this a completely non-controversial bill, Mr. Speaker? Be-cause this has been the practice of the land for three decades, because this has been the EPA’s intention for three dec-ades, because this has been the EPA’s goal through its rulemaking process. But courts being what courts are, EPA couldn’t get the finality on what it wanted to do by itself, so it needs Congress’ approval. I am in favor of that, Mr. Speaker. I celebrate that. Thank goodness we fi-nally found an Agency downtown in this one very isolated circumstance that doesn’t think it can just do what-ever it wants to do without Congress’ approval. I am glad we have come together today to give it that approval—262 ‘‘yes’’ votes, bipartisan; 159 ‘‘no’’ votes, partisan—to codify what has been the practice of the land in the name of safety, in the name of clean water, in the name of trying to do the very best we can for our constituents back home. I am proud that this bill is a part of this rule today, and I hope the House will move it quickly forward. The second bill that we are talking about, Mr. Speaker, is the TSCA bill, the Toxic Substances Control Act. TSCA is what folks call it in the indus-try. Not a single amendment is being al-lowed today, Mr. Speaker. Why? Be-cause we have already done the amend-ing, because we have already done the negotiating, because we have already done the heavy lifting that was re-quired to do what no Congress and no White House has been able to do since 1976, the heavy lifting that was started 10 years ago and folks could not get it across the finish line. We have a group of men and women here today, Mr. Speaker, of House Members and Senate Members today, of Republicans and Democrats today, who wouldn’t take ‘‘no’’ for an answer. It is outrageous that we would regu-late chemical safety in 2016 in the exact same way we contemplated it in 1976. It is outrageous, but it is hard. It is hard to bring people together. It is easy to tear people apart, Mr. Speaker. I can come down here. I can lay down the fire and brimstone. We can tear folks apart. That is easy. We have all been on those home im-provement projects, Mr. Speaker. It is tearing out the drywall that is fun. Putting it back up is hard. Today we are in the construction business. We are in the building busi-ness. We are in the bringing people to-gether and making possible what folks thought was impossible. My friend from Colorado is right, Mr. Speaker. Every day is not the same here in the U.S. House of Representa-tives. Some days are better than oth-ers. This is a good day. This is a good day not because there is something special about this par-ticular day of the week, Mr. Speaker, but because it is the culmination of days, weeks, months, and years of folks fighting hard for what they believed in, folks fighting hard for what their con-stituents sent them here to do, folks fighting hard for what they thought was right and finding a way to come together and making a difference for the American people. b1315 Mr. Speaker, I hold here in my hand a Statement of Administration Policy, the President urging Congress to move this bicameral, bipartisan compromise to his desk for his signature. This isn’t a day about show; this isn’t a day about politics; this isn’t a day about a November election. This is a day about making a difference for the folks who sent us here. With the pas-sage of this rule and the passage of this bill, we will do together what others found too hard to accomplish. I am proud of that, Mr. Speaker. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 742, the special order of business governing con-sideration of H.R. 897, the Reducing Regu-latory Burdens Act of 2015, included a prophy-lactic waiver of points of order against its con-sideration, and it was described as such in House Report 114–590. The waiver of all points of order now includes a waiver of clause 9 of rule XXI which requires the chair of each committee of initial referral to disclose a list of congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits to be printed in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD prior to its con-sideration. However, it is important to note that one of the two committees of initial referral submitted the required statement and the sec-ond committee is expected to submit the re-quired statement prior to the bill’s consider-ation. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 742 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS OF COLORADO  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5044) making supple-mental appropriations for fiscal year 2016 to respond to Zika virus. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 5044. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.022 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2981 May 24, 2016 
on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ARDY ). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 24, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 24, 2016 at 9:13 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2613. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5055, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 743 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 743 Resolved, That (a) at any time after adop-tion of this resolution the Speaker may, pur-suant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropria-tions. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. Points of order against provi-sions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived. (b) During consideration of the bill for amendment— (1) each amendment, other than amend-ments provided for in paragraph (2), shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an oppo-nent; (2) no pro forma amendment shall be in order except that the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate; and (3) the chair of the Committee of the Whole may accord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the Congressional Record des-ignated for that purpose in clause 8 of rule XVIII. Amendments so printed shall be con-sidered as read. (c) When the committee rises and reports the bill back to the House with a rec-ommendation that the bill do pass, the pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. SEC. 2. Section 508 of H.R. 5055 shall be con-sidered to be a spending reduction account for purposes of section 3(d) of House Resolu-tion 5. S
EC. 3. During consideration of H.R. 5055 pursuant to this resolution, section 3304 of Senate Concurrent Resolution 11 shall not apply. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGH -
TER), a good friend of mine from the Rules Committee, pending which I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. During consideration of this res-olution, all time yielded is for the pur-pose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, House Resolution 743, providing for consideration of an im-portant piece of legislation, H.R. 5055, the fiscal year 2017 Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill. The rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 5055 under a modified open rule, allowing for consideration of all amendments that are germane to the bill and conform to House rules. Mr. Speaker, the fiscal year 2017 En-ergy and Water Development bill ap-propriates annual funding for national defense nuclear weapons activities, the Army Corps of Engineers, various pro-grams under DOE, and other related agencies. Over the past few years, we have seen increasing threats to our national se-curity, historic droughts in many re-gions of the United States, the impor-tance of water, and the need for greater energy security and independence. This legislation addresses all of these issues, as well as many others, and invests in efforts to promote a more secure and prosperous future for our Nation. With ever-changing global security threats from Russia and Iran to ter-rorist groups like ISIL and al Qaeda, national security continues—as well it should—to be a top concern for many Americans. Now it is more vital than ever that the U.S. maintain our nu-clear security preparedness, and this legislation takes important steps to ensure our nuclear weapons stockpile is modern, secure, stable, and avail-able. It provides a total of $12.9 billion for DOE’s nuclear weapons security programs. That is a $327 million in-crease above the 2016 level. And this funding will uphold the Nation’s nu-clear deterrence posture, maintain the safety and the readiness of our weapons stockpile, and allow the U.S. to meet any nuclear threat. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5055 also addresses the need for reliable water resources. As we have seen from the severe droughts that have impacted many Western States, accessibility to safe and adequate water resources is crit-ical to our local communities. In my home State of Washington, we have seen historic droughts over the past few years, with serious water supply shortages that have impacted the agri-culture, energy, and manufacturing sectors as well as many families and small businesses that rely on an ade-quate and stable supply of water. Additionally, Washington and much of the Western United States have ex-perienced catastrophic wildfire seasons over the last 2 years, with Washington enduring back-to-back years of record- setting fires which have been fueled by a lack of rainfall and extremely arid conditions. This legislation contains funds for the Department of the Inte-rior and the Bureau of Reclamation to help manage, develop, and protect the water resources of Western States. Further, the measure includes several new provisions to help Western com-munities by providing relief from the onerous and excessive Federal regula-tions that have exacerbated this situa-tion. Energy independence is paramount to the future of our country, and the fis-cal year 2017 Energy and Water Devel-opment bill invests in an all-of-the- above energy strategy in order to pro-mote a more secure and prosperous fu-ture for our Nation. Under the legisla-tion, funding is allocated for DOE en-ergy programs, and the bill prioritizes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.008 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2982 May 24, 2016 
and increases funding for the programs that encourage U.S. economic competi-tiveness and help advance the goal of greater domestic energy production and security. This bill provides funds for research and development to advance coal, nat-ural gas, oil, and other fossil energy technologies which will help the U.S. make better use of our rich national energy resources and help keep energy costs low. Additionally, nuclear energy research, development, and demonstra-tion activities are increased. Mr. Speaker, while this bill includes funding for many activities that are critical to our country’s future, it also appropriates funds to address an impor-tant issue from our past, and that is the cleanup of our country’s defense nuclear sites that supported our pre-vious nuclear weapons production. These sites played a critical part in our country’s ability to win World War II as well as the cold war by producing the basic and complex materials used in the fabrication of nuclear weapons. It just happens that the largest of these sites is the Hanford Nuclear Res-ervation, which is located in my cen-tral Washington State district. It pro-duced plutonium for nuclear weapons development both during and after World War II. There are many similar sites across the country where the Fed-eral Government has a moral and a legal obligation to clean up the re-maining contaminated facilities and hazardous nuclear waste. A key component of our defense envi-ronmental cleanup efforts is the avail-ability of a viable nuclear repository where this waste can be stored. As you know, Mr. Speaker, Yucca Mountain is the country’s only legal and permanent nuclear repository, though for years there have been efforts to kill the use of this site, efforts that would hinder defense nuclear cleanup for decades and would waste the Federal Govern-ment’s $15 billion investment in this repository. This legislation continues congressional efforts to support Yucca Mountain by providing funding for the nuclear waste disposal program and funds for the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission to continue the adjudication of DOE’s Yucca Mountain license applica-tion. Additionally, the bill denies the administration’s funding proposals for non-Yucca nuclear waste activities. Another component of this measure is strong support for our national lab-oratories, such as the Pacific North-west National Laboratory located in Washington’s Fourth Congressional District. These labs perform critical re-search on cybersecurity, develop high- performance computing systems, and advance the next generation of energy sources which lay the groundwork for a more secure energy future, helping to reduce the Nation’s dependence on for-eign energy and ensuring continued economic growth. Finally, H.R. 5055 includes many con-servative policy priorities that are critical to combating the administra-tion’s efforts to undermine economic growth through excessive and burden-some regulations. The bill effectively prohibits the EPA and the Corps from implementing the waters of the United States rule and any changes to Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act. It also restricts the application of the Clean Water Act in certain agricultural areas. There is also language prohib-iting the administration from changing the definition of ‘‘fill material’’ and ‘‘discharge fill material.’’ From the be-ginning, the WOTUS rule has been an unprecedented Federal power grab that expands Federal regulation over ponds, over streams, and over irrigation ditches in the middle of cropland, giv-ing the EPA unprecedented say over what farmers can or cannot do with their land. This bill takes the impor-tant step of prohibiting funding for the implementation of this deeply mis-guided rule which would have dev-astating economic consequences for farmers, for ranchers, for small busi-nesses, and for communities across our country. Additionally, the legislation protects Americans’ constitutional Second Amendment rights by including lan-guage that allows law-abiding Ameri-cans to possess firearms on Army Corps of Engineers public lands. In places in my district, these public lands are used heavily by the community. The bill includes language that I of-fered along with Congressman G
OSAR of Arizona to prevent the removal of any Federal dams, protecting the critical flood control and the hydropower bene-fits provided by these facilities. Hydro-power is a key resource throughout the West, and we must prevent misguided attempts to shut down these dams. Finally, it continues a restriction from fiscal year 2016 to prevent any funds from being used to start or enter into any new nuclear nonproliferation contracts or agreements with Russia. Mr. Speaker, this is a good rule that provides for the consideration of H.R. 5055, the fiscal year 2017 Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act. b1330 This is a responsible measure that supports the U.S. national security, safety, and economic competitiveness; advances an all-of-the-above energy strategy; and makes strategic invest-ments in infrastructure and water re-sources projects—balancing these crit-ical priorities while still maintaining tight budget caps. These efforts will help promote a more secure and pros-perous future for our Nation, which is why I urge all of my colleagues to sup-port the rule and support the under-lying bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I thank my colleague from Wash-ington for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, every year, the House comes together to allocate funds for programs across the country. From keeping our waters clean to managing our nuclear arsenal, they all need fund-ing. Under H.R. 5055, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, some pro-grams see shortfalls and others wind-falls. Balancing these competing prior-ities is a herculean effort, and I want to commend Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member K
APTUR because they have worked so much in tandem to help bring good bills to the floor. First, the bill provides robust fund-ing for the Army Corps of Engineers, and includes strong funding for the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, which keeps our Nation’s ports and harbors dredged, maintained, and operational. As the cochair of the Great Lakes Task Force, I know the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund is an essential component to keeping local economies on the shores of the Great Lakes thriving. We owe a great deal to the Great Lakes. We are, along with Canada, the protec-tors of 20 percent of the fresh water on the planet, providing drinking water for both Canadians and United States citizens. We owe it to the great thing that we have inherited there, called the Great Lakes, to protect them. Also included in the bill is increased funding for much-needed nuclear clean-up. The bill provides funding to clear contamination from past nuclear weap-ons research and production activities, creating usable land and adding to the safety and well-being of our commu-nities. However, I do remain concerned about the funding levels for our Na-tion’s scientific research. We should be meeting the President’s requests, and even adding to them for research fund-ing. The agencies that are covered by this bill are not adequate to really meet the needs of our Nation’s sci-entific research and help us to make up for lost ground and reclaim our global leadership, not pulling on the reins. One of those programs funded is in my hometown of Rochester, New York. We are a photonics hub, Mr. Speaker— one of the best in the world—and we have recently been named an innova-tive manufacturing facility in Roch-ester. Let me tell you what kind of ex-cellent research that we are doing up there and what great things we are al-ready capable of doing. About 12 engineers, who had pre-viously worked at Eastman Kodak on 35-year-old repurposed Kodak equip-ment, made the components of the night vision goggles that took down Osama bin Laden. That same small company with 250 employees also made the laser beams that the Navy SEALs used to take down the Somali pirates holding Captain Phillips. That was on 35-year-old equipment. Imagine what they could do if we were able to help them get new machines. Rochester is also famous with Eastman Kodak be-cause the Norden bombsight was made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.027 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2983 May 24, 2016 
there, which was a great contributor into the winning of World War II. It is awfully important that we rec-ognize what has happened there now and make sure that we can keep it going. In many cases it is falling apart, and we need much more help for it. I am grateful for the money for the laser lab because it not only is moving research along, but it is responsible for checking on the supplies that we have of nuclear weapons to make sure that they are in good condition without having to do live testing. There are bright spots in the bill, but there are some harmful policy riders that stand in the way of strong invest-ments. These policy riders include one that would prevent the Army Corps of Engi-neers from clarifying which waters are protected by the Clean Water Act by locking in a widely acknowledged state of confusion about the scope of the law’s pollution control programs. While it sounds nice to let everybody just do all of the runoffs that they want into the Great Lakes, the algae pollution problem caused by runoff of pesticide control and other things that are in the water have caused us a great deal of pain up there. That is not a very good idea either in stewardship or for our future. But the runoff of pes-ticides and other things that they do certainly needs more attention than we are getting. I think in this bill we are going in the wrong direction on that. Another rider would prevent the Corps from using funds to regulate in-dustry waste, locking in loopholes for polluters, and leaving many of the wa-terways vulnerable to harmful pollu-tion. We know better than that, too. We know that it is not smart. Remem-ber, many of those are the water that we drink. Also, I know that my colleague men-tioned the one that he liked, the highly partisan and controversial rider that would allow guns to be carried on all Corps of Engineers land. Given the number of Americans killing each other on a daily basis with guns—and one week about 2 weeks ago, four tod-dlers, who got ahold of guns that were unsecured, killing themselves—more guns on more lands is not my idea of the way that we should be looking at it. I am very much concerned that we don’t want to live in a country—that I think we are becoming—where people can leave home to go to work, or to the theater, or to school, and you don’t have the assurance, as we all grew up with, that you are going to be safely coming back home. Guns are a descend-ant of pioneers. The idea of having ev-erybody have a gun—there are 330 mil-lion Americans and 320 million guns— that seems to me to be a pretty one- sided equation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to agree with the gentlewoman from New York. I certainly, too, appre-ciate the bipartisan effort that was put into this bill on the part of both Chair-man S IMPSON as well as Ranking Mem-ber K
APTUR . They did an excellent job, which is illustrated in both the com-mittee and the subcommittee. This leg-islation passed on a voice vote. That is a demonstration of great bipartisan support, and certainly speaks well to this committee doing excellent work together. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to thank Congressman N
EWHOUSE and the Rules Committee, as well as Chairman S
IMPSON and the En-ergy and Water Development and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Sub-committee, for their leadership and progress made on this year’s Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations bill. H.R. 5055, the Energy and Water De-velopment and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, is a step forward in updating our Nation’s waterborne in-frastructure and energy needs. The First District of Georgia is home to a unique set of resources, with two large ports, various wetlands and is-lands, and the State’s entire coastline. Whether it is the Savannah Harbor Ex-pansion Program, the growth of the Port of Brunswick, or the unique char-acteristics involved with wetlands per-mitting, the Energy and Water Appro-priations bill has a significant impact on the citizens of the First Congres-sional District of Georgia. The Port of Savannah is the second busiest East Coast port, and is rapidly expanding, growing at a substantial rate year after year. The Port of Brunswick is the third busiest roll-on/ roll-off cargo port in the country. These ports are the economic engines of Georgia and for the Southeast, reaching as far as the Midwest in cargo imported and exported out of their fa-cilities. H.R. 5055 is vital to ensuring that projects like the Savannah Harbor Ex-pansion Project continue on time so our Nation’s economy continues to grow. I would like to thank the gentleman, the Rules Committee, and the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Subcommittee for their con-tinued devotion to this cause. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS). Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I am here to discuss provisions in the underlying bill that relate to the State of Ne-vada—provisions that are identical to language in last year’s bill to try and restart the failed Yucca Mountain nu-clear waste dump just outside my Con-gressional District. First, with all due respect, let me correct my friend across the aisle. Yucca Mountain is not a defense repos-itory. It is a commercial nuclear power plant repository. Let’s be clear about that. Second, a recent Supplemental Envi-ronmental Impact Statement by the NRC confirmed what we in Nevada have known for decades: Yucca Moun-tain is not a secure repository that would seal dangerous waste safely for a million years. It is, instead, a proposal based on bad science and faulty as-sumptions. Specifically, the NRC confirmed that the site is not secure, that it will leak, and that radiation will travel for miles through underground water sources to farming communities in the Amargosa Valley on its way to Death Valley Na-tional Park. But before the radioactive material can leak out of the ground, it first has to be shipped, using untested proce-dures by truck and by rail through nearly every State and every Congres-sional District in the lower 48. These shipments will occur for decades, pass-ing homes and schools, parks and hos-pitals, churches and farms. They will pass through the heart of my Congres-sional District, along the famed Las Vegas strip where 42 million people come every year to work and play. We need to stop the Yucca Mountain boondoggle once and for all, and turn, instead, to recommendations from the Blue Ribbon Commission on Nuclear Waste, including my legislation, the Nuclear Waste Informed Consent Act. Congress must either accept this re-ality and work towards actual solu-tions, or we can continue this charade every appropriations season, whereby language to fund Yucca shows up in bills so politicians can continue to col-lect checks from the nuclear energy in-dustry. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I do want to thank the gentlewoman from New York for her comments as they relate to the moral and legal obli-gation of the Federal Government to continue the nuclear waste cleanup that we have all over this country. And then the gentlewoman from Ne-vada certainly has voiced some con-cerns that we have heard before that are important to the people in the State of Nevada. Let me just remind everyone that we are under a modified open rule. If there are changes to this bill, every Member in this body has an opportunity to pro-vide amendments to this bill. Under a modified open rule, everything is on the table. If that is something that she can get the support of the majority of the people on this floor, then that is certainly something that she can take out of this bill. But I have another opinion, another viewpoint. I have been to Yucca Moun-tain. I don’t know that there is a per-fect place in the universe to store nu-clear waste, but Yucca Mountain, to me, seems to be about as close to per-fect as you can find. In that mountain, we have 1,000 feet of rock above where the waste would be stored, and you have 1,000 feet of rock below where that storage situation would be. And I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.028 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2984 May 24, 2016 
should remind the body that Yucca Mountain is the country’s only legal and permanent nuclear repository. It is for both commercial as well as defense waste, and it is a critical component of our efforts to clean up the defense nu-clear waste created during and after World War II. While I appreciate the gentlewoman’s differing opinion, she does have the op-portunity to offer amendments, and I would encourage her to do that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up comprehensive legislation that provides the resources needed to help the families in the city of Flint, Michigan, recover from the water cri-sis. The Families of Flint Act, authored by Mr. K
ILDEE , would provide for long- term investments in infrastructure and care for children affected by the crisis. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for offering this amendment and for yielding to me. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can imme-diately bring up H.R. 4479, which, as de-scribed, is the Families of Flint Act. We all know this story. Many Mem-bers have heard me talk about it here on the floor of the House before. But in short, the city of Flint had been a struggling community already because of the loss of jobs. b1345 Then the State of Michigan just a few years ago cut one of the three es-sential elements to keep that city run-ning—State revenue sharing—which threw the city into a financial crisis. The State’s response: appoint a finan-cial manager, an emergency manager, to take over the city government, to suspend democracy, and, essentially, to act in dictatorial form. One of the decisions that that emer-gency manager made was to move the city from using Great Lakes water as its primary drinking water source to using the Flint River—a highly corro-sive river—just to save money, and they did save money. The corrosion from that water, untreated, caused lead to leach into the pipes in Flint and into the homes of 100,000 people. There are consequences to that deci-sion. The lives of children—the lives of people in Flint—are permanently af-fected by that. There are 9,000 children under the age of 6 who could poten-tially bear scars of this poisoning for the rest of their lives and have their development affected. Lead is a neurotoxin. It affects brain development, and its impact is perma-nent. But, with help, people can over-come the effects of this kind of lead ex-posure. The failure by the Michigan Depart-ment of Environmental Quality and the terrible mistakes made by the emergency manager cannot be undone. The effect can’t be changed. What we can do is make it right for the people of Flint. We can prevent an-other exposure. The Kildee-Upton bill, which I worked on with my friend from across the aisle, Mr. UPTON , would do that. Just preventing the next Flint isn’t enough. We have to make it right for the people of Flint and provide them justice. The Families of Flint Act would do that. It would provide immediate relief in making sure that they have clean drinking water. It would provide sup-port to get rid of those lead service lines and improve the water distribu-tion system so that this does not hap-pen again. Importantly, the Families of Flint Act would also provide ongoing support for those families in Flint and give them the kind of health care they need to overcome the effect of lead exposure in the monitoring of their health. Especially, it would provide for kids, who should have every opportunity to overcome the effect of lead exposure, by basically providing to those 9,000 children the same thing that any of us would do for our own children if they had a developmental hurdle to over-come—providing the kind of behavioral support and the kind of enrichment op-portunities that many of these kids, because they are born into poverty in Flint, don’t have access to. This would provide that for them to make sure that they have a chance to overcome this terrible crisis. Justice for the people of Flint will come in many forms. Some people have resigned. Some have been fired. Some have been criminally charged. None of that does any good for the people of my hometown unless we also do what we can to restore to them the opportunity that the kids in Flint and that the families in Flint—like any other Amer-ican—expect to have for their kids. Justice comes in lots of forms. Our job in Congress is to make sure we seek justice for the people in our country. When one community, one group of folks, is struggling, facing a disaster, facing the biggest challenge that the community has ever faced, it is our duty, our job, our responsibility, to come together to help them. The Families of Flint Act would do that by providing Federal help that would be required to have State sup-port equal to what the Federal Govern-ment provides. Basically, rather than litigating who is at fault, we would fix the problem and realize that the people who live in Flint have a right to have their Federal Government step up for them. Even if it were primarily the State’s responsibility for what took place, they are citizens of the United States just like they are citizens of Michigan. When they face the greatest crisis that they have ever had, they have every right to expect that Congress itself would act to provide for them the relief to get through this disaster. We have done it in other cases. There are times when we all come together as Americans. This is one of those times. Congress must act. Congress should do its job. By defeating the previous ques-tion, we can bring up the Families of Flint Act and do that. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I would just inquire of the gentlewoman from New York if she has any further speakers. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I am prepared to close. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. We have today an opportunity to fund groundbreaking, cutting-edge re-search all across the country, to pro-tect our precious environment, and to support the Army Corps of Engineers. Yet the addition of several harmful, dangerous policy riders will inhibit those goals and have no place in the appropriations process. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous ques-tion and to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the good gentlewoman from New York. Mr. Speaker, the rule we have consid-ered provides for the consideration of a very important piece of legislation that will protect our country from se-curity threats; that will ensure we have a modern, safe, and reliable U.S. nuclear weapons program; that will promote an all-of-the-above energy strategy; and that will make critical investments in water resources and in-frastructure projects. The funds appro-priated for national security needs, im-provements in our Nation’s infrastruc-ture, domestic energy development, and growing our economy will benefit all Americans. This bill is a responsible measure that supports U.S. national security, energy research, water resource devel-opment, and economic competitive-ness, balancing these critical priorities while maintaining tight budget caps. In the current fiscal climate, where our national debt is approaching a staggering $20 trillion, many difficult decisions had to be made by the com-mittee in drafting this measure, and I believe we have a bill that preserves fiscal responsibility, advances sound 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.029 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2985 May 24, 2016 
conservative and progrowth economic policies, and prioritizes funding for our country’s most pressing needs. The past few years have seen the U.S. face growing security threats abroad, highlighting the need to keep our coun-try at the pinnacle of nuclear security preparedness as well as the importance of investing in domestic energy produc-tion that takes much-needed steps to-wards energy independence. In the Western United States, Ameri-cans have endured severe droughts and catastrophic wildfires, which have drastically restricted the availability of water and have devastated ground infrastructure. This legislation ad-dresses these issues as well as many others, and it invests in efforts to pro-mote a more secure and prosperous fu-ture for our Nation. Mr. Speaker, the 2017 Energy and Water Development and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act also includes much-needed conservative reforms and policies to counter the administra-tion’s issuance of one crippling regula-tion after another, hindering our do-mestic energy development and secu-rity and undermining overall economic growth. H.R. 5055 prohibits the EPA and the Army Corps from implementing the ex-cessive WOTUS rule, which would vast-ly expand Federal jurisdiction over our water resources. It prevents any changes to Federal authority under the Clean Water Act and impedes efforts to apply the Clean Water Act in certain agricultural areas, such as farm ponds and irrigation ditches. The legislation blocks efforts to re-move Federal dams, and it protects Americans’ Second Amendment rights by allowing for the possession of fire-arms on Army Corps lands. Finally, it continues a policy from last year that restricts any funds from being used to enter into any new nuclear non-proliferation contracts or agreements with Russia. Mr. Speaker, this bill responsibly funds infrastructure, water, and de-fense programs that are critical to our national security, to our safety, and to our economic competitiveness, all while making tough choices to ensure that taxpayers’ funds are spent wisely. I urge my colleagues to support the rule’s adoption and invest in a secure and prosperous future for our country by passing the 2017 Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 743 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER OF NEWYORK At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 4479) to provide emer-gency assistance related to the Flint water crisis, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consid-eration of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill: SEC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 4479. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on adoption of House Res-olution 743, if ordered; ordering the previous question on House Resolution 742; adoption of House Resolution 742, if ordered; and the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 5077. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 174, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 231] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.030 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2986 May 24, 2016 
Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—174 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—26 
Allen Bass Bishop (UT) Castro (TX) Collins (GA) Crenshaw Engel Fattah Fincher Granger Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Jackson Lee Loudermilk Meeks Miller (MI) Moulton O’Rourke Payne Sanchez, Loretta Scott, Austin Takai Thompson (CA) Waters, Maxine 
b1416 Messrs. CLYBURN, SWALWELL of California, CARSON of Indiana, CLEAVER, Ms. CLARK of Massachu-setts, and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. GRAVES of Missouri and GROTHMAN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, May 24, 2016, I was unable to be present for rollcall vote No. 231 on providing for the con-sideration of H.R. 5055. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 237, nays 171, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 232] YEAS—237 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—171 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.007 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2987 May 24, 2016 
Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—25 
Allen Bass Castro (TX) Collins (GA) Crenshaw Fattah Fincher Frankel (FL) Granger Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Jackson Lee Loudermilk Meeks Miller (MI) O’Rourke Payne Sanchez, Loretta Scott, Austin Takai Thompson (CA) Vela Waters, Maxine 
b1424 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2576, TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 897, REDUCING REGULATORY BUR-DENS ACT OF 2015 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 742) providing for con-sideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2576) to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes, and providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 897) to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 175, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 233] YEAS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—175 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—24 
Allen Bass Castro (TX) Collins (GA) Crenshaw Fattah Fincher Frankel (FL) Granger Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Jackson Lee Loudermilk Meeks Miller (MI) O’Rourke Payne Sanchez, Loretta Scott, Austin Takai Thompson (CA) Waters, Maxine 
b1431 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 238, noes 171, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 234] AYES—238 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.011 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2988 May 24, 2016 
McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—171 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—24 
Allen Bass Castro (TX) Collins (GA) Crenshaw Fattah Fincher Frankel (FL) Granger Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Jackson Lee Loudermilk Meeks Miller (MI) O’Rourke Payne Sanchez, Loretta Scott, Austin Takai Thompson (CA) Waters, Maxine 
b1437 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. DEUTCH changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5077) to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for intel-ligence and intelligence-related activi-ties of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 371, nays 35, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 235] YEAS—371 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—35 
Amash Blumenauer Capuano Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) DeFazio DelBene Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Farr Gabbard Gibson Gohmert Gosar Grayson Grijalva Honda Jones Labrador Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lummis Massie 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.013 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2989 May 24, 2016 
McDermott McGovern Pocan Polis Posey Schakowsky Sensenbrenner Takano Welch 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Becerra 
NOT VOTING—26 
Allen Bass Castro (TX) Collins (GA) Conyers Crenshaw Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Frankel (FL) Granger Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Jackson Lee Loudermilk Meeks Miller (MI) O’Rourke Payne Sanchez, Loretta Scott, Austin Takai Thompson (CA) Waters, Maxine 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1443 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present in the House Chamber for cer-tain rollcall votes this week. Had I been present on May 24, 2016, for the first vote se-ries, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ for rollcall 235 and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcalls 231, 232, 233 and 234. 
f 
b1445 PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PRO-CEEDINGS ON MOTION TO CON-CUR ON H.R. 2576, TSCA MOD-ERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2576 with an amendment may be subject to post-ponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. 
f 
TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 742, I call up the bill (H.R. 2576) to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its im-mediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amend-ment. Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frank R. Lau-tenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS, POLICY, AND INTENT. 
Section 2(c) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘It is the intent’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) ADMINISTRATION .—It is the intent’’; (2) in paragraph (1) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘, as provided under this Act’’ before the period at the end; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EFORM .—This Act, including reforms in accordance with the amendments made by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act— ‘‘(A) shall be administered in a manner that— ‘‘(i) protects the health of children, pregnant women, the elderly, workers, consumers, the general public, and the environment from the risks of harmful exposures to chemical sub-stances and mixtures; and ‘‘(ii) ensures that appropriate information on chemical substances and mixtures is available to public health officials and first responders in the event of an emergency; and ‘‘(B) shall not displace or supplant common law rights of action or remedies for civil relief.’’. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2602) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), (10), (11), (12), (13), and (14) as paragraphs (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), (10), (12), (13), (17), (18), and (19), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) C
ONDITIONS OF USE .—The term ‘condi-tions of use’ means the intended, known, or rea-sonably foreseeable circumstances the Adminis-trator determines a chemical substance is manu-factured, processed, distributed in commerce, used, or disposed of.’’; (3) by inserting after paragraph (10) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(11) P
OTENTIALLY EXPOSED OR SUSCEPTIBLE  
POPULATION .—The term ‘potentially exposed or susceptible population’ means 1 or more groups— ‘‘(A) of individuals within the general popu-lation who may be— ‘‘(i) differentially exposed to chemical sub-stances under the conditions of use; or ‘‘(ii) susceptible to greater adverse health con-sequences from chemical exposures than the general population; and ‘‘(B) that when identified by the Adminis-trator may include such groups as infants, chil-dren, pregnant women, workers, and the elder-ly.’’; and (4) by inserting after paragraph (13) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(14) S
AFETY ASSESSMENT .—The term ‘safety assessment’ means an assessment of the risk posed by a chemical substance under the condi-tions of use, integrating hazard, use, and expo-sure information regarding the chemical sub-stance. ‘‘(15) S
AFETY DETERMINATION .—The term ‘safety determination’ means a determination by the Administrator as to whether a chemical sub-stance meets the safety standard under the con-ditions of use. ‘‘(16) S
AFETY STANDARD .—The term ‘safety standard’ means a standard that ensures, with-out taking into consideration cost or other nonrisk factors, that no unreasonable risk of in-jury to health or the environment will result from exposure to a chemical substance under the conditions of use, including no unreasonable risk of injury to— ‘‘(A) the general population; or ‘‘(B) any potentially exposed or susceptible population that the Administrator has identified as relevant to the safety assessment and safety determination for a chemical substance.’’. 
SEC. 4. POLICIES, PROCEDURES, AND GUIDANCE. 
The Toxic Substances Control Act is amended by inserting after section 3 (15 U.S.C. 2602) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3A. POLICIES, PROCEDURES, AND GUID-ANCE. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF GUIDANCE .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘guidance’ includes any signifi-cant written guidance of general applicability prepared by the Administrator. ‘‘(b) DEADLINE .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall develop, after providing public notice and an opportunity for comment, any policies, procedures, and guidance the Ad-ministrator determines to be necessary to carry out sections 4, 4A, 5, and 6, including the poli-cies, procedures, and guidance required by this section. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF SCIENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall es-tablish policies, procedures, and guidance on the use of science in making decisions under sec-tions 4, 4A, 5, and 6. ‘‘(2) G
OAL.—A goal of the policies, procedures, and guidance described in paragraph (1) shall be to make the basis of decisions clear to the public. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The policies, proce-dures, and guidance issued under this section shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) decisions made by the Administrator— ‘‘(i) are based on information, procedures, measures, methods, and models employed in a manner consistent with the best available science; ‘‘(ii) take into account the extent to which— ‘‘(I) assumptions and methods are clearly and completely described and documented; ‘‘(II) variability and uncertainty are evalu-ated and characterized; and ‘‘(III) the information has been subject to independent verification and peer review; and ‘‘(iii) are based on the weight of the scientific evidence, by which the Administrator considers all information in a systematic and integrative framework to consider the relevance of different information; ‘‘(B) to the extent practicable and if appro-priate, the use of peer review, standardized test design and methods, consistent data evaluation procedures, and good laboratory practices will be encouraged; ‘‘(C) a clear description of each individual and entity that funded the generation or assess-ment of information, and the degree of control those individuals and entities had over the gen-eration, assessment, and dissemination of infor-mation (including control over the design of the work and the publication of information) is made available; and ‘‘(D) if appropriate, the recommendations in reports of the National Academy of Sciences that provide advice regarding assessing the haz-ards, exposures, and risks of chemical sub-stances are considered. ‘‘(d) E
XISTING EPA P OLICIES , PROCEDURES , 
AND GUIDANCE .—The policies, procedures, and guidance described in subsection (b) shall incor-porate existing relevant policies, procedures, and guidance, as appropriate and consistent with this Act. ‘‘(e) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, and not less frequently than once every 5 years thereafter, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) review the adequacy of any policies, pro-cedures, and guidance developed under this sec-tion, including animal, nonanimal, and epide-miological test methods and procedures for as-sessing and determining risk under this Act; and ‘‘(2) after providing public notice and an op-portunity for comment, revise the policies, pro-cedures, and guidance if necessary to reflect new scientific developments or understandings. ‘‘(f) S
OURCES OF INFORMATION .—In carrying out sections 4, 4A, 5, and 6, the Administrator shall take into consideration information relat-ing to a chemical substance, including hazard and exposure information, under the conditions of use that is reasonably available to the Ad-ministrator, including information that is— ‘‘(1) submitted to the Administrator pursuant to any rule, consent agreement, order, or other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.014 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2990 May 24, 2016 
requirement of this Act, or on a voluntary basis, including pursuant to any request made under this Act, by— ‘‘(A) manufacturers or processors of a sub-stance; ‘‘(B) the public; ‘‘(C) other Federal departments or agencies; or ‘‘(D) the Governor of a State or a State agen-cy with responsibility for protecting health or the environment; ‘‘(2) submitted to a governmental entity in any jurisdiction pursuant to a governmental re-quirement relating to the protection of health or the environment; or ‘‘(3) identified through an active search by the Administrator of information sources that are publicly available or otherwise accessible by the Administrator. ‘‘(g) T
ESTING OF CHEMICAL SUBSTANCES AND  M
IXTURES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall es-tablish policies, procedures, and guidance for the testing of chemical substances or mixtures under section 4. ‘‘(2) G
OAL.—A goal of the policies, procedures, and guidance established under paragraph (1) shall be to make the basis of decisions clear to the public. ‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS .—The policies, procedures, and guidance established under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) address how and when the exposure level or exposure potential of a chemical substance would factor into decisions to require new test-ing, subject to the condition that the Adminis-trator shall not interpret the lack of exposure information as a lack of exposure or exposure potential; and ‘‘(B) describe the manner in which the Admin-istrator will determine that additional informa-tion is necessary to carry out this Act, including information relating to potentially exposed or susceptible populations. ‘‘(4) E
PIDEMIOLOGICAL STUDIES .—Before pre-scribing epidemiological studies of employees, the Administrator shall consult with the Direc-tor of the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health. ‘‘(h) S
AFETY ASSESSMENTS AND SAFETY DETER-
MINATIONS .— ‘‘(1) S
CHEDULE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall inform the public regarding the schedule and the resources necessary for the completion of each safety assessment and safety determination as soon as practicable after designation as a high-priority substance pursuant to section 4A. ‘‘(B) D
IFFERING TIMES .—The Administrator may allot different times for different chemical substances in the schedules under this para-graph, subject to the condition that all sched-ules shall comply with the deadlines established under section 6. ‘‘(C) A
NNUAL PLAN .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—At the beginning of each calendar year, the Administrator shall publish an annual plan. ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSIONS .—The annual plan shall— ‘‘(I) identify the substances subject to safety assessments and safety determinations to be completed that year; ‘‘(II) describe the status of each safety assess-ment and safety determination that has been initiated but not yet completed, including mile-stones achieved since the previous annual re-port; and ‘‘(III) if the schedule for completion of a safe-ty assessment and safety determination pre-pared pursuant to subparagraph (A) has changed, include an updated schedule for that safety assessment and safety determination. ‘‘(2) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR SAFETY  
ASSESSMENTS AND SAFETY DETERMINATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish, by rule, policies and procedures re-garding the manner in which the Administrator shall carry out section 6. ‘‘(B) G
OAL.—A goal of the policies and proce-dures under this paragraph shall be to make the basis of decisions of the Administrator clear to the public. ‘‘(C) MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The policies and procedures under this paragraph shall, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) describe— ‘‘(I) the manner in which the Administrator will identify informational needs and seek that information from the public; ‘‘(II) the information (including draft safety assessments) that may be submitted by inter-ested individuals or entities, including States; and ‘‘(III) the criteria by which information sub-mitted by interested individuals or entities will be evaluated; ‘‘(ii) require that each draft and final safety assessment and safety determination of the Ad-ministrator include a description of— ‘‘(I)(aa) the scope of the safety assessment and safety determination to be conducted under section 6, including the hazards, exposures, and conditions of use of the chemical substance, and potentially exposed and susceptible populations that the Administrator has identified as rel-evant; and ‘‘(bb) the basis for the scope of the safety as-sessment and safety determination; ‘‘(II) the manner in which aggregate expo-sures, or significant subsets of exposures, to a chemical substance under the conditions of use were considered, and the basis for that consider-ation; ‘‘(III) the weight of the scientific evidence of risk; and ‘‘(IV) the information regarding the impact on health and the environment of the chemical sub-stance that was used to make the assessment or determination, including, as available, mecha-nistic, animal toxicity, and epidemiology stud-ies; ‘‘(iii) establish a timely and transparent proc-ess for evaluating whether new information sub-mitted or obtained after the date of a final safe-ty assessment or safety determination warrants reconsideration of the safety assessment or safe-ty determination; and ‘‘(iv) when relevant information is provided or otherwise made available to the Administrator, require the Administrator to consider the extent of Federal regulation under other Federal laws. ‘‘(D) G
UIDANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall develop guidance to as-sist interested persons in developing their own draft safety assessments and other information for submission to the Administrator, which may be considered by the Administrator. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENT .—The guidance shall, at a minimum, address the quality of the information submitted and the process to be followed in de-veloping a draft safety assessment for consider-ation by the Administrator. ‘‘(i) P
UBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION .— Subject to section 14, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) make publicly available a nontechnical summary, and the final version, of each safety assessment and safety determination; ‘‘(2) provide public notice and an opportunity for comment on each proposed safety assessment and safety determination; and ‘‘(3) make public in a final safety assessment and safety determination— ‘‘(A) the list of studies considered by the Ad-ministrator in carrying out the safety assess-ment or safety determination; and ‘‘(B) the list of policies, procedures, and guid-ance that were followed in carrying out the safety assessment or safety determination. ‘‘(j) C
ONSULTATION WITHSCIENCE ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE ON CHEMICALS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall establish an advisory com-mittee, to be known as the ‘Science Advisory Committee on Chemicals’ (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(2) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the Committee shall be to provide independent advice and ex-pert consultation, on the request of the Adminis-trator, with respect to the scientific and tech-nical aspects of issues relating to the implemen-tation of this title. ‘‘(3) C
OMPOSITION .—The Committee shall be composed of representatives of such science, government, labor, public health, public inter-est, animal protection, industry, and other groups as the Administrator determines to be ad-visable, including, at a minimum, representa-tives that have specific scientific expertise in the relationship of chemical exposures to women, children, and other potentially exposed or sus-ceptible populations. ‘‘(4) S
CHEDULE .—The Administrator shall con-vene the Committee in accordance with such schedule as the Administrator determines to be appropriate, but not less frequently than once every 2 years. ‘‘(5) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAW .—All pro- ceedings and meetings of the Committee shall be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.).’’. 
SEC. 5. TESTING OF CHEMICAL SUBSTANCES OR MIXTURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4 of the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2603) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), and (g); (2) in subsection (f)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘from cancer, gene mutations, or birth defects’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, without taking into ac-count cost or other nonrisk factors’’ before the period at the end; and (B) by striking the last sentence; and (3) by inserting before subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) D
EVELOPMENT OF NEWINFORMATION ON  C
HEMICAL SUBSTANCES AND MIXTURES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may re-quire the development of new information relat-ing to a chemical substance or mixture in ac-cordance with this section if the Administrator determines that the information is necessary— ‘‘(A) to review a notice under section 5(d) or to perform a safety assessment or safety deter-mination under section 6; ‘‘(B) to implement a requirement imposed in a consent agreement or order issued under section 5(d)(4) or under a rule promulgated under sec-tion 6(d)(3); ‘‘(C) pursuant to section 12(a)(4); or ‘‘(D) at the request of the implementing au-thority under another Federal law, to meet the regulatory testing needs of that authority. ‘‘(2) L
IMITED TESTING FOR PRIORITIZATION  
PURPOSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the Administrator may require the development of new information for the pur-poses of section 4A. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—Testing required under subparagraph (A) shall not be required for the purpose of establishing or implementing a min-imum information requirement. ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—The Administrator may re-quire the development of new information pur-suant to subparagraph (A) only if the Adminis-trator determines that additional information is necessary to establish the priority of a chemical substance. ‘‘(3) F
ORM.—The Administrator may require the development of information described in paragraph (1) or (2) by— ‘‘(A) promulgating a rule; ‘‘(B) entering into a testing consent agree-ment; or ‘‘(C) issuing an order. ‘‘(4) C
ONTENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A rule, testing consent agreement, or order issued under this subsection shall include— ‘‘(i) identification of the chemical substance or mixture for which testing is required; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2991 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(ii) identification of the persons required to conduct the testing; ‘‘(iii) test protocols and methodologies for the development of information for the chemical substance or mixture, including specific ref-erence to any reliable nonanimal test proce-dures; and ‘‘(iv) specification of the period within which individuals and entities required to conduct the testing shall submit to the Administrator the in-formation developed in accordance with the pro-cedures described in clause (iii). ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining the procedures and period to be required under sub-paragraph (A), the Administrator shall take into consideration— ‘‘(i) the relative costs of the various test proto-cols and methodologies that may be required; ‘‘(ii) the reasonably foreseeable availability of facilities and personnel required to perform the testing; and ‘‘(iii) the deadlines applicable to the Adminis-trator under section 6(a). ‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION OF FEDERAL AGENCY REC -
OMMENDATIONS .—The Administrator shall con-sider the recommendations of other Federal agencies regarding the chemical substances and mixtures to which the Administrator shall give priority consideration under this section. ‘‘(b) S
TATEMENT OF NEED.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In promulgating a rule, en-tering into a testing consent agreement, or issuing an order for the development of addi-tional information (including information on ex-posure or exposure potential) pursuant to this section, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) identify the need intended to be met by the rule, agreement, or order; ‘‘(B) explain why information reasonably available to the Administrator at that time is in-adequate to meet that need, including a ref-erence, as appropriate, to the information iden-tified in paragraph (2)(B); and ‘‘(C) explain the basis for any decision that requires the use of vertebrate animals. ‘‘(2) E
XPLANATION IN CASE OF ORDER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Administrator issues an order under this section, the Administrator shall issue a statement providing a justification for why issuance of an order is warranted in-stead of promulgating a rule or entering into a testing consent agreement. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—A statement described in subparagraph (A) shall contain a description of— ‘‘(i) information that is readily accessible to the Administrator, including information sub-mitted under any other provision of law; ‘‘(ii) the extent to which the Administrator has obtained or attempted to obtain the infor-mation through voluntary submissions; and ‘‘(iii) any information relied on in safety as-sessments for other chemical substances relevant to the chemical substances that would be the subject of the order. ‘‘(c) R
EDUCTION OF TESTING ON  V
ERTEBRATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall minimize, to the extent practicable, the use of vertebrate animals in testing of chemical sub-stances or mixtures, by— ‘‘(A) prior to making a request or adopting a requirement for testing using vertebrate animals, taking into consideration, as appropriate and to the extent practicable, reasonably available— ‘‘(i) toxicity information; ‘‘(ii) computational toxicology and bioinformatics; ‘‘(iii) high-throughput screening methods and the prediction models of those methods; and ‘‘(iv) scientifically reliable and relevant alter-natives to tests on animals that would provide equivalent information; ‘‘(B) encouraging and facilitating— ‘‘(i) the use of integrated and tiered testing and assessment strategies; ‘‘(ii) the use of best available science in exist-ence on the date on which the test is conducted; ‘‘(iii) the use of test methods that eliminate or reduce the use of animals while providing infor-mation of high scientific quality; ‘‘(iv) the grouping of 2 or more chemical sub-stances into scientifically appropriate categories in cases in which testing of a chemical sub-stance would provide reliable and useful infor-mation on other chemical substances in the cat-egory; ‘‘(v) the formation of industry consortia to jointly conduct testing to avoid unnecessary du-plication of tests; and ‘‘(vi) the submission of information from— ‘‘(I) animal-based studies; and ‘‘(II) emerging methods and models; and ‘‘(C) funding research and validation studies to reduce, refine, and replace the use of animal tests in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) IMPLEMENTATION OF ALTERNATIVE TEST -
ING METHODS .—To promote the development and timely incorporation of new testing methods that are not based on vertebrate animals, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, develop a stra-tegic plan to promote the development and im-plementation of alternative test methods and testing strategies to generate information under this title that can reduce, refine, or replace the use of vertebrate animals, including toxicity pathway-based risk assessment, in vitro studies, systems biology, computational toxicology, bioinformatics, and high-throughput screening; ‘‘(B) as practicable, ensure that the strategic plan developed under subparagraph (A) is re-flected in the development of requirements for testing under this section; ‘‘(C) identify in the strategic plan developed under subparagraph (A) particular alternative test methods or testing strategies that do not re-quire new vertebrate animal testing and are sci-entifically reliable, relevant, and capable of pro-viding information of equivalent scientific reli-ability and quality to that which would be ob-tained from vertebrate animal testing; ‘‘(D) provide an opportunity for public notice and comment on the contents of the plan devel-oped under subparagraph (A), including the cri-teria for considering scientific reliability, rel-evance, and equivalent information and the test methods and strategies identified in subpara-graph (C); ‘‘(E) beginning on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act and every 5 years thereafter, submit to Congress a report that describes the progress made in implementing this subsection and goals for future alternative test methods implementa-tion; ‘‘(F) fund and carry out research, develop-ment, performance assessment, and translational studies to accelerate the develop-ment of test methods and testing strategies that reduce, refine, or replace the use of vertebrate animals in any testing under this title; and ‘‘(G) identify synergies with the related infor-mation requirements of other jurisdictions to minimize the potential for additional or duplica-tive testing. ‘‘(3) C
RITERIA FOR ADAPTING OR WAIVING ANI -
MAL TESTING REQUIREMENTS .—On request from a manufacturer or processor that is required to conduct testing of a chemical substance or mix-ture on vertebrate animals under this section, the Administrator may adapt or waive the re-quirement, if the Administrator determines that— ‘‘(A) there is sufficient evidence from several independent sources of information to support a conclusion that a chemical substance or mixture has, or does not have, a particular property if the information from each individual source alone is insufficient to support the conclusion; ‘‘(B) as a result of 1 or more physical or chem-ical properties of the chemical substance or mix-ture or other toxicokinetic considerations— ‘‘(i) the substance cannot be absorbed; or ‘‘(ii) testing for a specific endpoint is tech-nically not practicable to conduct; or ‘‘(C) a chemical substance or mixture cannot be tested in vertebrate animals at concentrations that do not result in significant pain or distress, because of physical or chemical properties of the chemical substance or mixture, such as a poten-tial to cause severe corrosion or severe irritation to the tissues of the animal. ‘‘(4) VOLUNTARY TESTING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any person developing in-formation for submission under this title on a voluntary basis and not pursuant to any request or requirement by the Administrator shall first attempt to develop the information by means of an alternative or nonanimal test method or test-ing strategy that the Administrator has deter-mined under paragraph (2)(C) to be scientif-ically reliable, relevant, and capable of pro-viding equivalent information, before con-ducting new animal testing. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF PARAGRAPH .—Nothing in this paragraph— ‘‘(i) requires the Administrator to review the basis on which the person is conducting testing described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(ii) prohibits the use of other test methods or testing strategies by any person for purposes other than developing information for submis-sion under this title on a voluntary basis; or ‘‘(iii) prohibits the use of other test methods or testing strategies by any person, subsequent to the attempt to develop information using the test methods and testing strategies identified by the Administrator under paragraph (2)(C). ‘‘(d) T
ESTING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may re-quire the development of information by— ‘‘(A) manufacturers and processors of the chemical substance or mixture; and ‘‘(B) persons that begin to manufacture or process the chemical substance or mixture after the effective date of the rule, testing consent agreement, or order. ‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION .—The Administrator may permit 2 or more persons identified in subpara-graph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) to designate 1 of the persons or a qualified third party— ‘‘(A) to develop the information; and ‘‘(B) to submit the information on behalf of the persons making the designation. ‘‘(3) E
XEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A person otherwise subject to a rule, testing consent agreement, or order under this section may submit to the Adminis-trator an application for an exemption on the basis that submission of information by the ap-plicant on the chemical substance or mixture would be duplicative of— ‘‘(i) information on the chemical substance or mixture that— ‘‘(I) has been submitted to the Administrator pursuant to a rule, consent agreement, or order under this section; or ‘‘(II) is being developed by a person des-ignated under paragraph (2); or ‘‘(ii) information on an equivalent chemical substance or mixture that— ‘‘(I) has been submitted to the Administrator pursuant to a rule, consent agreement, or order under this section; or ‘‘(II) is being developed by a person des-ignated under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) F
AIR AND EQUITABLE REIMBURSEMENT TO  
DESIGNEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Administrator accepts an application submitted under subparagraph (A), before the end of the reimbursement period described in clause (iii), the Administrator shall direct the applicant to provide to the person des-ignated under paragraph (2) fair and equitable reimbursement, as agreed to between the appli-cant and the designee. ‘‘(ii) A
RBITRATION .—If the applicant and a person designated under paragraph (2) cannot reach agreement on the amount of fair and eq-uitable reimbursement, the amount shall be de-termined by arbitration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2992 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(iii) R EIMBURSEMENT PERIOD .—For the pur-poses of this subparagraph, the reimbursement period for any information for a chemical sub-stance or mixture is a period— ‘‘(I) beginning on the date the information is submitted in accordance with a rule, testing consent agreement, or order under this section; and ‘‘(II) ending on the later of— ‘‘(aa) 5 years after the date referred to in sub-clause (I); or ‘‘(bb) the last day of the period that begins on the date referred to in subclause (I) and that is equal to the period that the Administrator deter-mines was necessary to develop the information. ‘‘(C) T
ERMINATION .—If, after granting an ex-emption under this paragraph, the Adminis-trator determines that no person designated under paragraph (2) has complied with the rule, testing consent agreement, or order, the Admin-istrator shall— ‘‘(i) by order, terminate the exemption; and ‘‘(ii) notify in writing each person that re-ceived an exemption of the requirements with re-spect to which the exemption was granted. ‘‘(4) T
IERED TESTING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (D), the Administrator shall employ a tiered screening and testing process, under which the results of screening-level tests or as-sessments of available information inform the decision as to whether 1 or more additional tests are necessary. ‘‘(B) S
CREENING -LEVEL TESTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The screening-level tests re-quired for a chemical substance or mixture may include tests for hazard (which may include in silico, in vitro, and in vivo tests), environmental and biological fate and transport, and measure-ments or modeling of exposure or exposure po-tential, as appropriate. ‘‘(ii) U
SE.—Screening-level tests shall be used— ‘‘(I) to screen chemical substances or mixtures for potential adverse effects; and ‘‘(II) to inform a decision of the Administrator regarding whether more complex or targeted ad-ditional testing is necessary. ‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL TESTING .—If the Adminis-trator determines under subparagraph (B) that additional testing is necessary to provide more definitive information for safety assessments or safety determinations, the Administrator may require more advanced tests for potential health or environmental effects or exposure potential. ‘‘(D) A
DVANCED TESTING WITHOUT SCREEN -
ING.—The Administrator may require more ad-vanced testing without conducting screening- level testing when other information available to the Administrator justifies the advanced testing, pursuant to guidance developed by the Adminis-trator under this section. ‘‘(e) T
RANSPARENCY .—Subject to section 14, the Administrator shall make available to the public all testing consent agreements and orders and all information submitted under this sec-tion.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 104(i)(5)(A) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(i)(5)(A)) is amended in the third sentence by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act)’’ after ‘‘Toxic Substances Control Act’’. 
SEC. 6. PRIORITIZATION SCREENING. 
The Toxic Substances Control Act is amended by inserting after section 4 (15 U.S.C. 2603) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4A. PRIORITIZATION SCREENING. 
‘‘(a) P RIORITIZATION SCREENING PROCESS AND  L
IST OF SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Ad-ministrator shall establish, by rule, a risk-based screening process and criteria for identifying ex-isting chemical substances that are— ‘‘(A) a high priority for a safety assessment and safety determination under section 6 (re-ferred to in this Act as ‘high-priority sub-stances’); and ‘‘(B) a low priority for a safety assessment and safety determination (referred to in this Act as ‘low-priority substances’). ‘‘(2) INITIAL AND SUBSEQUENT LISTS OF HIGH - 
AND LOW -PRIORITY SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before the date of promul-gation of the rule under paragraph (1) and not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall publish an initial list of high-priority substances and low-priority substances. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The initial list of chemical substances shall contain at least 10 high-pri-ority substances, at least 5 of which are drawn from the list of chemical substances identified by the Administrator in the October 2014 TSCA Work Plan and subsequent updates, and at least 10 low-priority substances. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSEQUENTLY IDENTIFIED SUBSTANCES .— Insofar as possible, at least 50 percent of all sub-stances subsequently identified by the Adminis-trator as high-priority substances shall be drawn from the list of chemical substances iden-tified by the Administrator in the October 2014 TSCA Work Plan and subsequent updates, until all Work Plan chemicals have been designated under this subsection. ‘‘(iii) P
REFERENCES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In developing the initial list and in identifying additional high-priority sub-stances, the Administrator shall give preference to— ‘‘(aa) chemical substances that, with respect to persistence and bioaccumulation, score high for 1 and either high or moderate for the other, pursuant to the TSCA Work Plan Chemicals Methods Document published by the Adminis-trator in February 2012; and ‘‘(bb) chemical substances listed in the Octo-ber 2014 TSCA Work Plan and subsequent up-dates that are known human carcinogens and have high acute and chronic toxicity. ‘‘(II) M
ETALS AND METAL COMPOUNDS .—In prioritizing and assessing metals and metal com-pounds, the Administrator shall use the Frame-work for Metals Risk Assessment of the Office of the Science Advisor, Risk Assessment Forum, and dated March 2007 (or a successor docu-ment), and may use other applicable informa-tion consistent with the best available science. ‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL CHEMICAL REVIEWS .—The Administrator shall, as soon as practicable and not later than— ‘‘(i) 3 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, add additional high-priority substances sufficient to ensure that at least a total of 20 high-priority substances have under-gone or are undergoing the process established in section 6(a), and additional low-priority sub-stances sufficient to ensure that at least a total of 20 low-priority substances have been des-ignated; and ‘‘(ii) 5 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, add additional high-priority substances sufficient to ensure that at least a total of 25 high-priority substances have under-gone or are undergoing the process established in section 6(a), and additional low-priority sub-stances sufficient to ensure that at least a total of 25 low-priority substances have been des-ignated. ‘‘(3) I
MPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(A) C
ONSIDERATION OF ACTIVE AND INACTIVE  
SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(i) A
CTIVE SUBSTANCES .—In implementing the prioritization screening process established under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall take into consideration active substances, as de-termined under section 8, which may include chemical substances on the interim list of active substances established under that section. ‘‘(ii) INACTIVE SUBSTANCES .—In implementing the prioritization screening process established under paragraph (1), the Administrator may take into consideration inactive substances, as determined under section 8, that the Adminis-trator determines— ‘‘(I)(aa) have not been subject to a regulatory or other enforceable action by the Administrator to ban or phase out the substances; and ‘‘(bb) have the potential for high hazard and widespread exposure; or ‘‘(II)(aa) have been subject to a regulatory or other enforceable action by the Administrator to ban or phase out the substances; and ‘‘(bb) with respect to which there exists the potential for residual high hazards or wide-spread exposures not otherwise addressed by the regulatory or other action. ‘‘(iii) R
EPOPULATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—On the completion of a safety determination under section 6 for a chem-ical substance, the Administrator shall remove the chemical substance from the list of high-pri-ority substances established under this sub-section. ‘‘(II) A
DDITIONS .—The Administrator shall add at least 1 chemical substance to the list of high-priority substances for each chemical sub-stance removed from the list of high-priority substances established under this subsection, until a safety assessment and safety determina-tion is completed for all chemical substances not designated as high-priority. ‘‘(B) T
IMELY COMPLETION OF PRIORITIZATION  
SCREENING PROCESS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(I) except as provided under paragraph (2), not later than 180 days after the effective date of the final rule under paragraph (1), begin the prioritization screening process; and ‘‘(II) make every effort to complete the des-ignation of all active substances as high-priority substances or low-priority substances in a timely manner. ‘‘(ii) D
ECISIONS ON SUBSTANCES SUBJECT TO  
TESTING FOR PRIORITIZATION PURPOSES .—Not later than 90 days after the date of receipt of in-formation regarding a chemical substance com-plying with a rule, testing consent agreement, or order issued under section 4(a)(2), the Adminis-trator shall designate the chemical substance as a high-priority substance or low-priority sub-stance. ‘‘(iii) C
ONSIDERATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall screen substances and designate high-priority substances consistent with the ability of the Ad-ministrator to schedule and complete safety as-sessments and safety determinations under sec-tion 6 in accordance with the deadlines under subsection (a) of that section. ‘‘(II) A
NNUAL GOAL .—The Administrator shall publish an annual goal for the number of chem-ical substances to be subject to the prioritization screening process. ‘‘(C) S
CREENING OF CATEGORIES OF SUB -
STANCES .—The Administrator may screen cat-egories of chemical substances to ensure an effi-cient prioritization screening process to allow for timely and adequate designations of high- priority substances and low-priority substances and safety assessments and safety determina-tions for high-priority substances. ‘‘(D) P
UBLICATION OF LIST OF CHEMICAL SUB -
STANCES .—The Administrator shall keep current and publish a list of chemical substances that includes and identifies substances— ‘‘(i) that are being considered in the prioritization screening process and the status of the substances in the prioritization process; ‘‘(ii) for which prioritization decisions have been postponed pursuant to subsection (b)(5), including the basis for the postponement; and ‘‘(iii) that are designated as high-priority sub-stances or low-priority substances, including the bases for such designations. ‘‘(4) C
RITERIA .—The criteria described in paragraph (1) shall account for— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2993 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(A) the recommendation of the Governor of a State or a State agency with responsibility for protecting health or the environment from chem-ical substances appropriate for prioritization screening; ‘‘(B) the hazard and exposure potential of the chemical substance (or category of substances), including persistence, bioaccumulation, and specific scientific classifications and designa-tions by authoritative governmental entities; ‘‘(C) the conditions of use or significant changes in the conditions of use of the chemical substance; ‘‘(D) evidence and indicators of exposure po-tential to humans or the environment from the chemical substance, including potentially ex-posed or susceptible populations and storage near significant sources of drinking water; ‘‘(E) the volume of a chemical substance man-ufactured or processed; ‘‘(F) whether the volume of a chemical sub-stance as reported pursuant to a rule promul-gated pursuant to section 8(a) has significantly increased or decreased; ‘‘(G) the availability of information regarding potential hazards and exposures required for conducting a safety assessment or safety deter-mination, with limited availability of relevant information to be a sufficient basis for desig-nating a chemical substance as a high-priority substance, subject to the condition that limited availability shall not require designation as a high-priority substance; and ‘‘(H) the extent of Federal or State regulation of the chemical substance or the extent of the impact of State regulation of the chemical sub-stance on the United States, with existing Fed-eral or State regulation of any uses evaluated in the prioritization screening process as a factor in designating a chemical substance to be a high-priority or a low-priority substance. ‘‘(b) P
RIORITIZATION SCREENING PROCESS AND  D
ECISIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In implementing the prioritization screening process developed under subsection (a), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) identify the chemical substances being considered for prioritization; ‘‘(B) request interested persons to supply in-formation regarding the chemical substances being considered; ‘‘(C) apply the criteria identified in subsection (a)(4); and ‘‘(D) subject to paragraph (5) and using the information available to the Administrator at the time of the decision, identify a chemical sub-stance as a high-priority substance or a low-pri-ority substance. ‘‘(2) R
EASONABLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION .— The prioritization screening decision regarding a chemical substance shall consider any hazard and exposure information relating to the chem-ical substance that is reasonably available to the Administrator. ‘‘(3) I
DENTIFICATION OF HIGH -PRIORITY SUB -
STANCES .—The Administrator— ‘‘(A) shall identify as a high-priority sub-stance a chemical substance that, relative to other active chemical substances, the Adminis-trator determines has the potential for signifi-cant hazard and significant exposure; ‘‘(B) may identify as a high-priority substance a chemical substance that, relative to other ac-tive chemical substances, the Administrator de-termines has the potential for significant hazard or significant exposure; and ‘‘(C) may identify as a high-priority substance an inactive substance, as determined under sub-section (a)(3)(A)(ii) and section 8(b), that the Administrator determines warrants a safety as-sessment and safety determination under section 6. ‘‘(4) I
DENTIFICATION OF LOW -PRIORITY SUB -
STANCES .—The Administrator shall identify as a low-priority substance a chemical substance that the Administrator concludes has informa-tion sufficient to establish that the chemical substance is likely to meet the safety standard. ‘‘(5) POSTPONING A DECISION .—If the Adminis-trator determines that additional information is needed to establish the priority of a chemical substance under this section, the Administrator may postpone a prioritization screening decision for a reasonable period— ‘‘(A) to allow for the submission of additional information by an interested person and for the Administrator to evaluate the additional infor-mation; or ‘‘(B) to require the development of informa-tion pursuant to a rule, testing consent agree-ment, or order issued under section 4(a)(2). ‘‘(6) D
EADLINES FOR SUBMISSION OF INFORMA -
TION.—If the Administrator requests the devel-opment or submission of information under this section, the Administrator shall establish a deadline for submission of the information. ‘‘(7) N
OTICE AND COMMENT .—The Adminis-trator shall— ‘‘(A) publish, including in the Federal Reg-ister, the proposed decisions made under para-graphs (3), (4), and (5) and the basis for the de-cisions; ‘‘(B) identify the information and analysis on which the decisions are based; and ‘‘(C) provide 90 days for public comment. ‘‘(8) R
EVISIONS OF PRIOR DESIGNATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—At any time, the Adminis-trator may revise the designation of a chemical substance as a high-priority substance or a low- priority substance based on information avail-able to the Administrator after the date of the determination under paragraph (3) or (4). ‘‘(B) L
IMITED AVAILABILITY .—If limited avail-ability of relevant information was a basis in the designation of a chemical substance as a high-priority substance, the Administrator shall reevaluate the prioritization screening of the chemical substance on receiving the relevant in-formation. ‘‘(9) O
THER INFORMATION RELEVANT TO  
PRIORITIZATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, after the date of enact-ment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, a State proposes an administrative action or enacts a statute or takes an administrative action to prohibit or otherwise restrict the manufacturing, proc-essing, distribution in commerce, or use of a chemical substance that the Administrator has not designated as a high-priority substance, the Governor or State agency with responsibility for implementing the statute or administrative ac-tion shall notify the Administrator. ‘‘(B) R
EQUESTS FOR INFORMATION .—Following receipt of a notification provided under sub-paragraph (A), the Administrator may request any available information from the Governor or the State agency with respect to— ‘‘(i) scientific evidence related to the hazards, exposures and risks of the chemical substance under the conditions of use which the statute or administrative action is intended to address; ‘‘(ii) any State or local conditions which war-ranted the statute or administrative action; ‘‘(iii) the statutory or administrative author-ity on which the action is based; and ‘‘(iv) any other available information relevant to the prohibition or other restriction, including information on any alternatives considered and their hazards, exposures, and risks. ‘‘(C) P
RIORITIZATION SCREENING .—The Admin-istrator shall conduct a prioritization screening under this subsection for all substances that— ‘‘(i) are the subject of notifications received under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) the Administrator determines— ‘‘(I) are likely to have significant health or environmental impacts; ‘‘(II) are likely to have significant impact on interstate commerce; or ‘‘(III) have been subject to a prohibition or other restriction under a statute or administra-tive action in 2 or more States. ‘‘(D) P
OST-PRIORITIZATION NOTICE .—If, after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, a State proposes or takes an administrative ac-tion or enacts a statute to prohibit or otherwise restrict the manufacturing, processing, distribu-tion in commerce, or use of a high-priority sub-stance, after the date on which the deadline es-tablished pursuant to subsection (a) of section 6 for completion of the safety determination under that subsection expires but before the date on which the Administrator publishes the safety determination under that subsection, the Gov-ernor or State agency with responsibility for im-plementing the statute or administrative action shall— ‘‘(i) notify the Administrator; and ‘‘(ii) provide the scientific and legal basis for the action. ‘‘(E) AVAILABILITY TO PUBLIC .—Subject to sec-tion 14 and any applicable State law regarding the protection of confidential information pro-vided to the State or to the Administrator, the Administrator shall make information received from a Governor or State agency under subpara-graph (A) publicly available. ‘‘(F) E
FFECT OF PARAGRAPH .—Nothing in this paragraph shall preempt a State statute or ad-ministrative action, require approval of a State statute or administrative action, or apply sec-tion 15 to a State. ‘‘(10) R
EVIEW .—Not less frequently than once every 5 years after the date on which the proc-ess under this subsection is established, the Ad-ministrator shall— ‘‘(A) review the process on the basis of experi-ence and taking into consideration resources available to efficiently and effectively screen and prioritize chemical substances; and ‘‘(B) if necessary, modify the prioritization screening process. ‘‘(11) E
FFECT .—Subject to section 18, a des-ignation by the Administrator under this section with respect to a chemical substance shall not affect— ‘‘(A) the manufacture, processing, distribution in commerce, use, or disposal of the chemical substance; or ‘‘(B) the regulation of those activities. ‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL PRIORITIES FOR SAFETY AS-
SESSMENTS AND DETERMINATIONS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The rule promulgated under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(i) include a process by which a manufac-turer or processor of an active chemical sub-stance that has not been designated a high-pri-ority substance or is not in the process of a prioritization screening by the Administrator, may request that the Administrator designate the substance as an additional priority for a safety assessment and safety determination, subject to the payment of fees pursuant to sec-tion 26(b)(3)(D); ‘‘(ii) specify the information to be provided in such requests; and ‘‘(iii) specify the criteria (which may include criteria identified in subsection (a)(4)) that the Administrator shall use to determine whether or not to grant such a request, which shall include whether the substance is subject to restrictions imposed by statutes enacted or administrative actions taken by 1 or more States on the manu-facture, processing, distribution in commerce, or use of the substance. ‘‘(B) P
REFERENCE .—Subject to paragraph (2), in deciding whether to grant requests under this subsection the Administrator shall give a pref-erence to requests concerning substances for which the Administrator determines that restric-tions imposed by 1 or more States have the po-tential to have a significant impact on interstate commerce or health or the environment. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTIONS .—Chemical substances for which requests have been granted under this subsection shall not be subject to subsection (a)(3)(A)(iii) or section 18(b). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—In considering whether to grant a request submitted under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall ensure that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2994 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(A) the number of substances designated to undergo safety assessments and safety deter-minations under the process and criteria pursu-ant to paragraph (1) is not less than 25 percent, or more than 30 percent, of the cumulative num-ber of substances designated to undergo safety assessments and safety determinations under subsections (a)(2) and (b)(3) (except that if less than 25 percent are received by the Adminis-trator, the Administrator shall grant each re-quest that meets the requirements of paragraph (1)); ‘‘(B) the resources allocated to conducting safety assessments and safety determinations for additional priorities designated under this sub-section are proportionate to the number of such substances relative to the total number of sub-stances currently designated to undergo safety assessments and safety determinations under this section; and ‘‘(C) the number of additional priority re-quests stipulated under subparagraph (A) is in addition to the total number of high-priority substances identified under subsections (a)(2) and (b)(3). ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL REVIEW OF WORK PLAN  
CHEMICALS FOR SAFETY ASSESSMENT AND SAFETY  
DETERMINATION .—In the case of a request under paragraph (1) with respect to a chemical sub-stance identified by the Administrator in the October 2014 TSCA Work Plan— ‘‘(A) the 30-percent cap specified in paragraph (2)(A) shall not apply and the addition of Work Plan chemicals shall be at the discretion of the Administrator; and ‘‘(B) notwithstanding paragraph (1)(C), re-quests for additional Work Plan chemicals under this subsection shall be considered high- priority chemicals subject to section 18(b) but not subsection (a)(3)(A)(iii). ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The public shall be pro-vided notice and an opportunity to comment on requests submitted under this subsection. ‘‘(B) D
ECISION BY ADMINISTRATOR .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Ad-ministrator receives a request under this sub-section, the Administrator shall decide whether or not to grant the request. ‘‘(C) A
SSESSMENT AND DETERMINATION .—If the Administrator grants a request under this sub-section, the safety assessment and safety deter-mination— ‘‘(i) shall be conducted in accordance with the deadlines and other requirements of sections 3A(i) and 6; and ‘‘(ii) shall not be expedited or otherwise sub-ject to special treatment relative to high-priority substances designated pursuant to subsection (b)(3) that are undergoing safety assessments and safety determinations.’’. 
SEC. 7. NEW CHEMICALS AND SIGNIFICANT NEW USES. 
Section 5 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2604) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5. NEW CHEMICALS AND SIGNIFICANT NEW USES.’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (b); (3) by redesignating subsection (a) as sub-section (b); (4) by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-section (a) and moving the subsection so as to appear at the beginning of the section; (5) in subsection (b) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘I
N G
ENERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘N OTICES ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘subsection (h)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3) and subsection (h)’’; and (ii) in the matter following subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and such person complies with any applicable requirement of subsection (b)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) ARTICLE CONSIDERATION .—The Adminis-trator may require notification under this sec-tion for the import or processing of a chemical substance as part of an article or category of ar-ticles under paragraph (1)(B) if the Adminis-trator makes an affirmative finding in a rule under paragraph (2) that the reasonable poten-tial for exposure to the chemical substance through the article or category of articles sub-ject to the rule warrants notification.’’; (6) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (c), respectively, and moving subsection (c) (as so redesigned) so as appear after subsection (b) (as redesignated by para-graph (3)); (7) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The notice required by sub-section (b) shall include, with respect to a chem-ical substance— ‘‘(A) the information required by sections 720.45 and 720.50 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); and ‘‘(B) all known or reasonably ascertainable information regarding conditions of use and reasonably anticipated exposures.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘or of data under subsection (b)’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by adding ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (iv) by striking subparagraph (C); and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘subsection (a) and for which the notification period pre-scribed by subsection (a), (b), or (c)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (b) and for which the notifica-tion period prescribed by subsection (b) or (d)’’; (8) by striking subsection (d) (as redesignated by paragraph (6)) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) R
EVIEW OF NOTICE .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), not later than 90 days after the date of re-ceipt of a notice submitted under subsection (b), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) conduct an initial review of the notice; ‘‘(ii) as needed, develop a profile of the rel-evant chemical substance and the potential for exposure to humans and the environment; and ‘‘(iii) make a determination under paragraph (3). ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION .—Except as provided in para-graph (5), the Administrator may extend the pe-riod described in subparagraph (A) for good cause for 1 or more periods, the total of which shall be not more than 90 days. ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION SOURCES .—In evaluating a notice under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall take into consideration— ‘‘(A) any relevant information identified in subsection (c)(1); and ‘‘(B) any other relevant additional informa-tion available to the Administrator. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATIONS .—Before the end of the applicable period for review under paragraph (1), based on the information described in para-graph (2), and subject to section 18(g), the Ad-ministrator shall determine that— ‘‘(A) the relevant chemical substance or sig-nificant new use is not likely to meet the safety standard, in which case the Administrator shall take appropriate action under paragraph (4); ‘‘(B) the relevant chemical substance or sig-nificant new use is likely to meet the safety standard, in which case the Administrator shall allow the review period to expire without addi-tional restrictions; or ‘‘(C) additional information is necessary in order to make a determination under subpara-graph (A) or (B), in which case the Adminis-trator shall take appropriate action under para-graphs (4) and (5). ‘‘(4) RESTRICTIONS .— ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINATION BY ADMINISTRATOR .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Administrator makes a determination under subparagraph (A) or (C) of paragraph (3) with respect to a notice sub-mitted under subsection (b)— ‘‘(I) the Administrator, before the end of the applicable period for review under paragraph (1) and by consent agreement or order, as appro-priate, shall prohibit or otherwise restrict the manufacture, processing, use, distribution in commerce, or disposal (as applicable) of the chemical substance, or of the chemical substance for a significant new use, without compliance with the restrictions specified in the consent agreement or order that the Administrator deter-mines are sufficient to ensure that the chemical substance or significant new use is likely to meet the safety standard; and ‘‘(II) no person may commence manufacture of the chemical substance, or manufacture or processing of the chemical substance for a sig-nificant new use, except in compliance with the restrictions specified in the consent agreement or order. ‘‘(ii) L
IKELY TO MEET STANDARD .—If the Ad-ministrator makes a determination under sub-paragraph (B) of paragraph (3) with respect to a chemical substance or significant new use for which a notice was submitted under subsection (b), then notwithstanding any remaining por-tion of the applicable period for review under paragraph (1), the submitter of the notice may commence manufacture for commercial purposes of the chemical substance or manufacture or processing of the chemical substance for a sig-nificant new use. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 90 days after issuing a consent agreement or order under subparagraph (A), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) consider whether to promulgate a rule pursuant to subsection (b)(2) that identifies as a significant new use any manufacturing, proc-essing, use, distribution in commerce, or disposal of the chemical substance that does not conform to the restrictions imposed by the consent agree-ment or order; and ‘‘(ii)(I) initiate a rulemaking described in clause (i); or ‘‘(II) publish a statement describing the rea-sons of the Administrator for not initiating a rulemaking. ‘‘(C) I
NCLUSIONS .—A prohibition or other re-striction under subparagraph (A) may include, as appropriate— ‘‘(i) subject to section 18(g), a requirement that a chemical substance shall be marked with, or accompanied by, clear and adequate min-imum warnings and instructions with respect to use, distribution in commerce, or disposal, or any combination of those activities, with the form and content of the minimum warnings and instructions to be prescribed by the Adminis-trator ‘‘(ii) a requirement that manufacturers or processors of the chemical substance shall— ‘‘(I) make and retain records of the processes used to manufacture or process, as applicable, the chemical substance; or ‘‘(II) monitor or conduct such additional tests as are reasonably necessary to address potential risks from the manufacture, processing, distribu-tion in commerce, use, or disposal, as applicable, of the chemical substance, subject to section 4; ‘‘(iii) a restriction on the quantity of the chemical substance that may be manufactured, processed, or distributed in commerce— ‘‘(I) in general; or ‘‘(II) for a particular use; ‘‘(iv) a prohibition or other restriction of— ‘‘(I) the manufacture, processing, or distribu-tion in commerce of the chemical substance for a significant new use; ‘‘(II) any method of commercial use of the chemical substance; or ‘‘(III) any method of disposal of the chemical substance; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2995 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(v) a prohibition or other restriction on the manufacture, processing, or distribution in com-merce of the chemical substance— ‘‘(I) in general; or ‘‘(II) for a particular use. ‘‘(D) P
ERSISTENT AND BIOACCUMULATIVE SUB -
STANCES .—For a chemical substance the Admin-istrator determines, with respect to persistence and bioaccumulation, scores high for 1 and ei-ther high or moderate for the other, pursuant to the TSCA Work Plan Chemicals Methods Docu-ment published by the Administrator in Feb-ruary 2012, the Administrator shall, in selecting among prohibitions and other restrictions that the Administrator determines are sufficient to ensure that the chemical substance is likely to meet the safety standard, reduce potential expo-sure to the substance to the maximum extent practicable. ‘‘(E) W
ORKPLACE EXPOSURES .—To the extent practicable, the Administrator shall consult with the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occu-pational Safety and Health prior to adopting any prohibition or other restriction under this subsection to address workplace exposures. ‘‘(F) D
EFINITION OF REQUIREMENT .—For pur- poses of this Act, the term ‘requirement’ as used in this section does not displace common law. ‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—If the Ad-ministrator determines under paragraph (3)(C) that additional information is necessary to con-duct a review under this subsection, the Admin-istrator— ‘‘(A) shall provide an opportunity for the sub-mitter of the notice to submit the additional in-formation; ‘‘(B) may, by agreement with the submitter, extend the review period for a reasonable time to allow the development and submission of the ad-ditional information; ‘‘(C) may promulgate a rule, enter into a test-ing consent agreement, or issue an order under section 4 to require the development of the infor-mation; and ‘‘(D) on receipt of information the Adminis-trator finds supports the determination under paragraph (3), shall promptly make the deter-mination.’’; (9) by striking subsections (e) through (g) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) N
OTICE OF COMMENCEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which a manufacturer that has sub-mitted a notice under subsection (b) commences nonexempt commercial manufacture of a chem-ical substance, the manufacturer shall submit to the Administrator a notice of commencement that identifies— ‘‘(A) the name of the manufacturer; and ‘‘(B) the initial date of nonexempt commercial manufacture. ‘‘(2) W
ITHDRAWAL .—A manufacturer or proc-essor that has submitted a notice under sub-section (b), but that has not commenced non-exempt commercial manufacture or processing of the chemical substance, may withdraw the no-tice. ‘‘(f) F
URTHER EVALUATION .—The Adminis-trator may review a chemical substance under section 4A at any time after the Administrator receives— ‘‘(1) a notice of commencement for a chemical substance under subsection (e); or ‘‘(2) new information regarding the chemical substance. ‘‘(g) T
RANSPARENCY .—Subject to section 14, the Administrator shall make available to the public— ‘‘(1) all notices, determinations, consent agreements, rules, and orders submitted under this section or made by the Administrator under this section; and ‘‘(2) all information submitted or issued under this section.’’; and (10) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(a) or’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, with-out taking into account cost or other nonrisk factors’’ after ‘‘the environment’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (2) through (5), respectively; (D) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’; (E) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘will not present an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment’’ and inserting ‘‘will meet the safety standard’’; and (ii) by striking the second sentence; (F) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’; and (G) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘paragraph (1) or (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1) or (4)’’. SEC. 8. SAFETY ASSESSMENTS AND SAFETY DE-TERMINATIONS. 
Section 6 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2605) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 6. SAFETY ASSESSMENTS AND SAFETY DE-TERMINATIONS.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; (3) by striking subsections (a) through (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator— ‘‘(1) shall conduct a safety assessment and make a safety determination of each high-pri-ority substance in accordance with subsections (b) and (c); ‘‘(2) shall, as soon as practicable and not later than 6 months after the date on which a chem-ical substance is designated as a high-priority substance, define and publish the scope of the safety assessment and safety determination to be conducted pursuant to this section, including the hazards, exposures, conditions of use, and potentially exposed or susceptible populations that the Administrator expects to consider; ‘‘(3) as appropriate based on the results of a safety determination, shall establish restrictions pursuant to subsection (d); ‘‘(4) shall complete and publish a safety as-sessment and safety determination not later than 3 years after the date on which a chemical substance is designated as a high-priority sub-stance; ‘‘(5) shall promulgate any necessary final rule pursuant to subsection (d) by not later than 2 years after the date on which the safety deter-mination is completed; ‘‘(6) may extend any deadline under para-graph (4) for not more than 1 year, if informa-tion relating to the high-priority substance, re-quired to be developed in a rule, order, or con-sent agreement under section 4— ‘‘(A) has not yet been submitted to the Admin-istrator; or ‘‘(B) was submitted to the Administrator— ‘‘(i) within the time specified in the rule, order, or consent agreement pursuant to section 4(a)(4)(A)(iv); and ‘‘(ii) on or after the date that is 120 days be-fore the expiration of the deadline described in paragraph (4); and ‘‘(7) may extend the deadline under para-graph (5) for not more than 2 years, subject to the condition that the aggregate length of all extensions of deadlines under this subsection does not exceed 2 years. ‘‘(b) P
RIOR ACTIONS AND NOTICE OF EXISTING  I
NFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) P
RIOR-INITIATED ASSESSMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act pre-vents the Administrator from initiating a safety assessment or safety determination regarding a chemical substance, or from continuing or com-pleting such a safety assessment or safety deter-mination, prior to the effective date of the poli-cies, procedures, and guidance required to be es-tablished by the Administrator under section 3A or 4A. ‘‘(B) INTEGRATION OF PRIOR POLICIES AND  
PROCEDURES .—As policies and procedures under section 3A and 4A are established, to the max-imum extent practicable, the Administrator shall integrate the policies and procedures into ongo-ing safety assessments and safety determina-tions. ‘‘(2) A
CTIONS COMPLETED PRIOR TO COMPLE -
TION OF POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Nothing in this Act requires the Administrator to revise or withdraw a completed safety assessment, safety determination, or rule solely because the action was completed prior to the completion of a pol-icy or procedure established under section 3A or 4A, and the validity of a completed assessment, determination, or rule shall not be determined based on the content of such a policy or proce-dure. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE OF EXISTING INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall, where such information is available, take notice of existing information regarding hazard and exposure published by other Federal agencies and the National Academies and incorporate the information in safety assessments and safety de-terminations with the objective of increasing the efficiency of the safety assessments and safety determinations. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF INFORMATION .—Existing information described in subparagraph (A) should be included to the extent practicable and where the Administrator determines the infor-mation is relevant and scientifically reliable. ‘‘(c) S
AFETY DETERMINATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Based on a review of the information available to the Administrator, in-cluding draft safety assessments submitted by interested persons pursuant to section 3A(h)(2)(D), and subject to section 18(g), the Ad-ministrator shall determine— ‘‘(A) by order, that the relevant chemical sub-stance meets the safety standard; ‘‘(B) that the relevant chemical substance does not meet the safety standard, in which case the Administrator shall, by rule under sub-section (d)— ‘‘(i) impose restrictions necessary to ensure that the chemical substance meets the safety standard under the conditions of use; or ‘‘(ii) if the safety standard cannot be met with the application of other restrictions under sub-section (d)(3), ban or phase out the chemical substance, as appropriate; or ‘‘(C) that additional information is necessary in order to make a determination under sub-paragraph (A) or (B), in which case the Admin-istrator shall take appropriate action under paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—If the Ad-ministrator determines that additional informa-tion is necessary to make a safety assessment or safety determination for a high-priority sub-stance, the Administrator— ‘‘(A) shall provide an opportunity for inter-ested persons to submit the additional informa-tion; ‘‘(B) may promulgate a rule, enter into a test-ing consent agreement, or issue an order under section 4 to require the development of the infor-mation; ‘‘(C) may defer, for a reasonable period con-sistent with the deadlines described in sub-section (a), a safety assessment and safety de-termination until after receipt of the informa-tion; and ‘‘(D) consistent with the deadlines described in subsection (a), on receipt of information the Administrator finds supports the safety assess-ment and safety determination, shall make a de-termination under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) E
STABLISHMENT OF DEADLINE .—In re- questing the development or submission of infor-mation under this section, the Administrator shall establish a deadline for the submission of the information. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2996 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(d) R ULE.— ‘‘(1) I
MPLEMENTATION .—If the Administrator makes a determination under subsection (c)(1)(B) with respect to a chemical substance, the Administrator shall promulgate a rule estab-lishing restrictions necessary to ensure that the chemical substance meets the safety standard. ‘‘(2) S
COPE.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The rule promulgated pur-suant to this subsection— ‘‘(i) may apply to mixtures containing the chemical substance, as appropriate; ‘‘(ii) shall include dates by which compliance is mandatory, which— ‘‘(I) shall be as soon as practicable, but not later than 4 years after the date of promulgation of the rule, except in the case of a use exempted under paragraph (5); ‘‘(II) in the case of a ban or phase-out of the chemical substance, shall implement the ban or phase-out in as short a period as practicable; ‘‘(III) as determined by the Administrator, may vary for different affected persons; and ‘‘(IV) following a determination by the Ad-ministrator that compliance is technologically or economically infeasible within the timeframe specified in subclause (I), shall provide up to an additional 18 months for compliance to be man-datory; ‘‘(iii) shall exempt replacement parts that are manufactured prior to the effective date of the rule for articles that are first manufactured prior to the effective date of the rule unless the Administrator finds the replacement parts con-tribute significantly to the identified risk; ‘‘(iv) shall, in selecting among prohibitions and other restrictions, apply such prohibitions or other restrictions to an article or category of articles containing the chemical substance only to the extent necessary to address the identified risks from exposure to the chemical substance from the article or category of articles, in order to determine that the chemical substance meets the safety standard; and ‘‘(v) shall, when the Administrator determines that the chemical substance does not meet the safety standard for a potentially exposed or sus-ceptible population, apply prohibitions or other restrictions necessary to ensure that the sub-stance meets the safety standard for that popu-lation. ‘‘(B) P
ERSISTENT AND BIOACCUMULATIVE SUB -
STANCES .—For a chemical substance the Admin-istrator determines, with respect to persistence and bioaccumulation, scores high for 1 and ei-ther high or moderate for the other, pursuant to the TSCA Work Plan Chemicals Methods Docu-ment published by the Administrator in Feb-ruary 2012, the Administrator shall, in selecting among prohibitions and other restrictions that the Administrator determines are sufficient to ensure that the chemical substance meets the safety standard, reduce exposure to the sub-stance to the maximum extent practicable. ‘‘(C) W
ORKPLACE EXPOSURES .—The Adminis-trator shall consult with the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health before adopting any prohibition or other restric-tion under this subsection to address workplace exposures. ‘‘(D) D
EFINITION OF REQUIREMENT .—For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘requirement’ as used in this section does not displace common law. ‘‘(3) R
ESTRICTIONS .—Subject to section 18, a restriction under paragraph (1) may include, as appropriate— ‘‘(A) a requirement that a chemical substance shall be marked with, or accompanied by, clear and adequate minimum warnings and instruc-tions with respect to use, distribution in com-merce, or disposal, or any combination of those activities, with the form and content of the min-imum warnings and instructions to be prescribed by the Administrator; ‘‘(B) a requirement that manufacturers or processors of the chemical substance shall— ‘‘(i) make and retain records of the processes used to manufacture or process the chemical substance; ‘‘(ii) describe and apply the relevant quality control procedures followed in the manufac-turing or processing of the substance; or ‘‘(iii) monitor or conduct tests that are reason-ably necessary to ensure compliance with the re-quirements of any rule under this subsection; ‘‘(C) a restriction on the quantity of the chem-ical substance that may be manufactured, proc-essed, or distributed in commerce; ‘‘(D) a requirement to ban or phase out, or otherwise restrict the manufacture, processing, or distribution in commerce of the chemical sub-stance for— ‘‘(i) a particular use; ‘‘(ii) a particular use at a concentration in ex-cess of a level specified by the Administrator; or ‘‘(iii) all uses; ‘‘(E) a restriction on the quantity of the chem-ical substance that may be manufactured, proc-essed, or distributed in commerce for— ‘‘(i) a particular use; or ‘‘(ii) a particular use at a concentration in ex-cess of a level specified by the Administrator; ‘‘(F) a requirement to ban, phase out, or oth-erwise restrict any method of commercial use of the chemical substance; ‘‘(G) a requirement to ban, phase out, or oth-erwise restrict any method of disposal of the chemical substance or any article containing the chemical substance; and ‘‘(H) a requirement directing manufacturers or processors of the chemical substance to give no-tice of the Administrator’s determination under subsection (c)(1)(B) to distributors in commerce of the chemical substance and, to the extent rea-sonably ascertainable, to other persons in the chain of commerce in possession of the chemical substance. ‘‘(4) ANALYSIS FOR RULEMAKING .— ‘‘(A) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In deciding which re-strictions to impose under paragraph (3) as part of developing a rule under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall take into consideration, to the extent practicable based on reasonably available information, the quantifiable and non-quantifiable costs and benefits of the proposed regulatory action and of the 1 or more primary alternative regulatory actions considered by the Administrator. ‘‘(B) A
LTERNATIVES .—As part of the analysis, the Administrator shall review any 1 or more technically and economically feasible alter-natives to the chemical substance that the Ad-ministrator determines are relevant to the rule-making. ‘‘(C) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—In proposing a rule under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall make publicly available any analysis con-ducted under this paragraph. ‘‘(D) S
TATEMENT REQUIRED .—In making final a rule under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall include a statement describing how the analysis considered under subparagraph (A) was taken into account. ‘‘(5) E
XEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may, as part of a rule promulgated under paragraph (1) or in a separate rule, exempt 1 or more uses of a chemical substance from any restriction in a rule promulgated under paragraph (1) if the Ad-ministrator determines that— ‘‘(i) the restriction cannot be complied with, without— ‘‘(I) harming national security; ‘‘(II) causing significant disruption in the na-tional economy due to the lack of availability of a chemical substance; or ‘‘(III) interfering with a critical or essential use for which no technically and economically feasible safer alternative is available, taking into consideration hazard and exposure; or ‘‘(ii) the use of the chemical substance, as compared to reasonably available alternatives, provides a substantial benefit to health, the en-vironment, or public safety. ‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION ANALYSIS .—In proposing a rule under this paragraph, the Administrator shall make publicly available any analysis con-ducted under this paragraph to assess the need for the exemption. ‘‘(C) STATEMENT REQUIRED .—In making final a rule under this paragraph, the Administrator shall include a statement describing how the analysis considered under subparagraph (B) was taken into account. ‘‘(D) A
NALYSIS IN CASE OF BAN OR PHASE - 
OUT.—In determining whether an exemption should be granted under this paragraph for a chemical substance for which a ban or phase- out is included in a proposed or final rule under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall take into consideration, to the extent practicable based on reasonably available information, the quantifi-able and nonquantifiable costs and benefits of the 1 or more alternatives to the chemical sub-stance the Administrator determines to be tech-nically and economically feasible and most like-ly to be used in place of the chemical substance under the conditions of use. ‘‘(E) C
ONDITIONS .—As part of a rule promul-gated under this paragraph, the Administrator shall include conditions, including reasonable recordkeeping, monitoring, and reporting re-quirements, to the extent that the Administrator determines the conditions are necessary to pro-tect health and the environment while achieving the purposes of the exemption. ‘‘(F) D
URATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall es-tablish, as part of a rule under this paragraph, a time limit on any exemption for a time to be determined by the Administrator as reasonable on a case-by-case basis. ‘‘(ii) A
UTHORITY OF ADMINISTRATOR .—The Ad- ministrator, by rule, may extend, modify, or eliminate an exemption if the Administrator de-termines, on the basis of reasonably available information and after adequate public justifica-tion, the exemption warrants extension or is no longer necessary. ‘‘(iii) C
ONSIDERATIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), the Administrator shall issue exemptions and es-tablish time periods by considering factors deter-mined by the Administrator to be relevant to the goals of fostering innovation and the develop-ment of alternatives that meet the safety stand-ard. ‘‘(II) L
IMITATION .—Any renewal of an exemp-tion in the case of a rule under paragraph (1) requiring the ban or phase-out of a chemical substance shall not exceed 5 years. ‘‘(e) I
MMEDIATE EFFECT .—The Administrator may declare a proposed rule under subsection (d)(1) to be effective on publication of the rule in the Federal Register and until the effective date of final action taken respecting the rule, if— ‘‘(1) the Administrator determines that— ‘‘(A) the manufacture, processing, distribution in commerce, use, or disposal of the chemical substance or mixture subject to the proposed rule or any combination of those activities is likely to result in a risk of serious or widespread injury to health or the environment before the effective date; and ‘‘(B) making the proposed rule so effective is necessary to protect the public interest; and ‘‘(2) in the case of a proposed rule to prohibit the manufacture, processing, or distribution in commerce of a chemical substance or mixture be-cause of the risk determined under paragraph (1)(A), a court has granted relief in an action under section 7 with respect to that risk associ-ated with the chemical substance or mixture. ‘‘(f) F
INAL AGENCY ACTION .—Under this sec-tion and subject to section 18— ‘‘(1) a safety determination, and the associ-ated safety assessment, for a chemical substance that the Administrator determines under sub-section (c) meets the safety standard, shall be considered to be a final agency action, effective beginning on the date of issuance of the final safety determination; and ‘‘(2) a final rule promulgated under subsection (d)(1), and the associated safety assessment and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2997 May 24, 2016 
safety determination that a chemical substance does not meet the safety standard, shall be con-sidered to be a final agency action, effective be-ginning on the date of promulgation of the final rule. ‘‘(g) E
XTENSION OF DEADLINES FOR CERTAIN  C
HEMICAL SUBSTANCES .—The Administrator may not extend any deadline under subsection (a) for a chemical substance designated as a high priority that is listed in the 2014 update of the TSCA Work Plan without adequate public jus-tification that demonstrates, following a review of the information reasonably available to the Administrator, that the Administrator cannot adequately complete a safety assessment and safety determination, or a final rule pursuant to subsection (d), without additional information regarding the chemical substance.’’; and (4) in subsection (h) (as redesignated by para-graph (2))— (A) by striking paragraph (4); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4). 
SEC. 9. IMMINENT HAZARDS. 
Section 7 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2606) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
IVILACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may commence a civil action in an appropriate United States district court for— ‘‘(A) seizure of an imminently hazardous chemical substance or mixture or any article containing the chemical substance or mixture; ‘‘(B) relief (as authorized by subsection (b)) against any person that manufactures, proc-esses, distributes in commerce, uses, or disposes of, an imminently hazardous chemical substance or mixture or any article containing the chem-ical substance or mixture; or ‘‘(C) both seizure described in subparagraph (A) and relief described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(2) R
ULE, ORDER , OR OTHER PROCEEDING .—A civil action may be commenced under this para-graph, notwithstanding— ‘‘(A) the existence of a decision, rule, consent agreement, or order by the Administrator under section 4, 4A, 5, or 6 or title IV or VI; or ‘‘(B) the pendency of any administrative or judicial proceeding under any provision of this Act.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘unreason-able’’; (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘section 6(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6(d)’’; and (4) in subsection (f), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘and unreasonable’’. 
SEC. 10. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND RE-PORTING. 
Section 8 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2607) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii)(I)— (I) by striking ‘‘5(b)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘5’’; (II) by inserting ‘‘section 4 or’’ after ‘‘in effect under’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘5(e),’’ and inserting ‘‘5(d)(4);’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, and not less fre-quently than once every 10 years thereafter, the Administrator, after consultation with the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Administra-tion, shall— ‘‘(i) review the adequacy of the standards pre-scribed according to subparagraph (B); ‘‘(ii) after providing public notice and an op-portunity for comment, make a determination as to whether revision of the standards is war-ranted; and ‘‘(iii) revise the standards if the Administrator so determines.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) RULES.— ‘‘(A) D
EADLINE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall promulgate rules requir-ing the maintenance of records and the report-ing of additional information known or reason-ably ascertainable by the person making the re-port, including rules applicable to processors so that the Administrator has the information nec-essary to carry out this title. ‘‘(ii) M
ODIFICATION OF PRIOR RULES .—In car- rying out this subparagraph, the Administrator may modify, as appropriate, rules promulgated before the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The rules promulgated pur-suant to subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) may impose different reporting and rec-ordkeeping requirements on manufacturers and processors; and ‘‘(ii) shall include the level of detail necessary to be reported, including the manner by which use and exposure information may be reported. ‘‘(C) A
DMINISTRATION .—In implementing the reporting and recordkeeping requirements under this paragraph, the Administrator shall take measures— ‘‘(i) to limit the potential for duplication in re-porting requirements; ‘‘(ii) to minimize the impact of the rules on small manufacturers and processors; and ‘‘(iii) to apply any reporting obligations to those persons likely to have information rel-evant to the effective implementation of this title.’’; (2) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) N
OMENCLATURE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) maintain the use of Class 2 nomenclature in use on the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act; ‘‘(ii) maintain the use of the Soap and Deter-gent Association Nomenclature System, pub-lished in March 1978 by the Administrator in section 1 of addendum III of the document enti-tled ‘Candidate List of Chemical Substances’, and further described in the appendix A of vol-ume I of the 1985 edition of the Toxic Substances Control Act Substances Inventory (EPA Docu-ment No. EPA–560/7–85–002a); and ‘‘(iii) treat all components of categories that are considered to be statutory mixtures under this Act as being included on the list published under paragraph (1) under the Chemical Ab-stracts Service numbers for the respective cat-egories, including, without limitation— ‘‘(I) cement, Portland, chemicals, CAS No. 65997–15–1; ‘‘(II) cement, alumina, chemicals, CAS No. 65997–16–2; ‘‘(III) glass, oxide, chemicals, CAS No. 65997– 17–3; ‘‘(IV) frits, chemicals, CAS No. 65997–18–4; ‘‘(V) steel manufacture, chemicals, CAS No. 65997–19–5; and ‘‘(VI) ceramic materials and wares, chemicals, CAS No. 66402–68–4. ‘‘(B) M
ULTIPLE NOMENCLATURE CONVEN -
TIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If an existing guidance al-lows for multiple nomenclature conventions, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(I) maintain the nomenclature conventions for substances; and ‘‘(II) develop new guidance that— ‘‘(aa) establishes equivalency between the no-menclature conventions for chemical substances on the list published under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(bb) permits persons to rely on the new guid-ance for purposes of determining whether a chemical substance is on the list published under paragraph (1). ‘‘(ii) MULTIPLE CAS NUMBERS .—For any chem-ical substance appearing multiple times on the list under different Chemical Abstracts Service numbers, the Administrator shall develop guid-ance recognizing the multiple listings as a single chemical substance. ‘‘(4) C
HEMICAL SUBSTANCES IN COMMERCE .— ‘‘(A) R
ULES.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator, by rule, shall require manu-facturers and processors to notify the Adminis-trator, by not later than 180 days after the date of promulgation of the rule, of each chemical substance on the list published under paragraph (1) that the manufacturer or processor, as appli-cable, has manufactured or processed for a non-exempt commercial purpose during the 10-year period ending on the day before the date of en-actment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. ‘‘(ii) A
CTIVE SUBSTANCES .—The Administrator shall designate chemical substances for which notices are received under clause (i) to be active substances on the list published under para-graph (1). ‘‘(iii) I
NACTIVE SUBSTANCES .—The Adminis-trator shall designate chemical substances for which no notices are received under clause (i) to be inactive substances on the list published under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) C
ONFIDENTIAL CHEMICAL SUBSTANCES .— In promulgating the rule established pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) maintain the list under paragraph (1), which shall include a confidential portion and a nonconfidential portion consistent with this sec-tion and section 14; ‘‘(ii) require a manufacturer or processor that is submitting a notice pursuant to subparagraph (A) for a chemical substance on the confidential portion of the list published under paragraph (1) to indicate in the notice whether the manu-facturer or processor seeks to maintain any ex-isting claim for protection against disclosure of the specific identity of the substance as con-fidential pursuant to section 14; and ‘‘(iii) require the substantiation of those claims pursuant to section 14 and in accordance with the review plan described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) R
EVIEW PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Administrator com-piles the initial list of active substances pursu-ant to subparagraph (A), the Administrator shall promulgate a rule that establishes a plan to review all claims to protect the specific identi-ties of chemical substances on the confidential portion of the list published under paragraph (1) that are asserted pursuant to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(D) R
EQUIREMENTS OF REVIEW PLAN .—Under the review plan under subparagraph (C), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) require, at the time requested by the Ad-ministrator, all manufacturers or processors as-serting claims under subparagraph (B) to sub-stantiate the claim unless the manufacturer or processor has substantiated the claim in a sub-mission made to the Administrator during the 5- year period ending on the date of the request by the Administrator; ‘‘(ii) in accordance with section 14— ‘‘(I) review each substantiation— ‘‘(aa) submitted pursuant to clause (i) to de-termine if the claim warrants protection from disclosure; and ‘‘(bb) submitted previously by a manufacturer or processor and relied on in lieu of the substan-tiation required pursuant to clause (i), if the substantiation has not been previously reviewed by the Administrator, to determine if the claim warrants protection from disclosure; ‘‘(II) approve, modify, or deny each claim; and ‘‘(III) except as provided in this section and section 14, protect from disclosure information 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2998 May 24, 2016 
for which the Administrator approves such a claim for a period of 10 years, unless, prior to the expiration of the period— ‘‘(aa) the person notifies the Administrator that the person is withdrawing the claim, in which case the Administrator shall promptly make the information available to the public; or ‘‘(bb) the Administrator otherwise becomes aware that the need for protection from disclo-sure can no longer be substantiated, in which case the Administrator shall take the actions de-scribed in section 14(g)(2); and ‘‘(iii) encourage manufacturers or processors that have previously made claims to protect the specific identities of chemical substances identi-fied as inactive pursuant to subsection (f)(2) to review and either withdraw or substantiate the claims. ‘‘(E) T
IMELINE FOR COMPLETION OF RE -
VIEWS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall im-plement the review plan so as to complete re-views of all claims specified in subparagraph (C) not later than 5 years after the date on which the Administrator compiles the initial list of ac-tive substances pursuant to subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may ex-tend the deadline for completion of the reviews for not more than 2 additional years, after an adequate public justification, if the Adminis-trator determines that the extension is necessary based on the number of claims needing review and the available resources. ‘‘(II) A
NNUAL REVIEW GOAL AND RESULTS .—At the beginning of each year, the Administrator shall publish an annual goal for reviews and the number of reviews completed in the prior year. ‘‘(5) A
CTIVE AND INACTIVE SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall maintain and keep current designations of ac-tive substances and inactive substances on the list published under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) C
HANGE TO ACTIVE STATUS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any person that intends to manufacture or process for a nonexempt com-mercial purpose a chemical substance that is designated as an inactive substance shall notify the Administrator before the date on which the inactive substance is manufactured or proc-essed. ‘‘(ii) C
ONFIDENTIAL CHEMICAL IDENTITY  
CLAIMS .—If a person submitting a notice under clause (i) for an inactive substance on the con-fidential portion of the list published under paragraph (1) seeks to maintain an existing claim for protection against disclosure of the specific identity of the inactive substance as confidential, the person shall— ‘‘(I) in the notice submitted under clause (i), assert the claim; and ‘‘(II) by not later than 30 days after providing the notice under clause (i), substantiate the claim. ‘‘(iii) A
CTIVE STATUS .—On receiving a notifi-cation under clause (i), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(I) designate the applicable chemical sub-stance as an active substance; ‘‘(II) pursuant to section 14, promptly review any claim and associated substantiation sub-mitted pursuant to clause (ii) for protection against disclosure of the specific identity of the chemical substance and approve, modify, or deny the claim; ‘‘(III) except as provided in this section and section 14, protect from disclosure the specific identity of the chemical substance for which the Administrator approves a claim under subclause (II) for a period of 10 years, unless, prior to the expiration of the period— ‘‘(aa) the person notifies the Administrator that the person is withdrawing the claim, in which case the Administrator shall promptly make the information available to the public; or ‘‘(bb) the Administrator otherwise becomes aware that the need for protection from disclo-sure can no longer be substantiated, in which case the Administrator shall take the actions de-scribed in section 14(g)(2); and ‘‘(IV) pursuant to section 4A, review the pri-ority of the chemical substance as the Adminis-trator determines to be necessary. ‘‘(C) CATEGORY STATUS .—The list of inactive substances shall not be considered to be a cat-egory for purposes of section 26(c). ‘‘(6) I
NTERIM LIST OF ACTIVE SUBSTANCES .— Prior to the promulgation of the rule required under paragraph (4)(A), the Administrator shall designate the chemical substances reported under part 711 of title 40, Code of Federal Regu-lations (as in effect on the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act), during the reporting pe-riod that most closely preceded the date of en-actment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, as the interim list of active substances for the purposes of sec-tion 4A. ‘‘(7) P
UBLIC INFORMATION .—Subject to this subsection, the Administrator shall make avail-able to the public— ‘‘(A) the specific identity of each chemical substance on the nonconfidential portion of the list published under paragraph (1) that the Ad-ministrator has designated as— ‘‘(i) an active substance; or ‘‘(ii) an inactive substance; ‘‘(B) the accession number, generic name, and, if applicable, premanufacture notice case number for each chemical substance on the con-fidential portion of the list published under paragraph (1) for which a claim of confiden-tiality was received; and ‘‘(C) subject to subsections (f) and (g) of sec-tion 14, the specific identity of any active sub-stance for which— ‘‘(i) a claim for protection against disclosure of the specific identity of the active chemical substance was not asserted, as required under this subsection or subsection (d) or (f) of section 14; ‘‘(ii) a claim for protection against disclosure of the specific identity of the active substance has been denied by the Administrator; or ‘‘(iii) the time period for protection against disclosure of the specific identity of the active substance has expired. ‘‘(8) L
IMITATION .—No person may assert a new claim under this subsection for protection from disclosure of a specific identity of any ac-tive or inactive chemical substance for which a notice is received under paragraph (4)(A)(i) or (5)(C)(i) that is not on the confidential portion of the list published under paragraph (1). ‘‘(9) C
ERTIFICATION .—Under the rules promul-gated under this subsection, manufacturers and processors shall be required— ‘‘(A) to certify that each notice or substan-tiation the manufacturer or processor submits complies with the requirements of the rule, and that any confidentiality claims are true and cor-rect; and ‘‘(B) to retain a record supporting the certifi-cation for a period of 5 years beginning on the last day of the submission period.’’; (3) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘Any person’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—Any person may submit to the Administrator information reasonably supporting the conclusion that a chemical substance or mixture presents, will present, or does not present a substantial risk of injury to health and the environment.’’; and (4) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘For purposes of this section, the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘In this section: ‘‘(1) A
CTIVE SUBSTANCE .—The term ‘active substance’ means a chemical substance— ‘‘(A) that has been manufactured or processed for a nonexempt commercial purpose at any point during the 10-year period ending on the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act; ‘‘(B) that is added to the list published under subsection (b)(1) after that date of enactment; or ‘‘(C) for which a notice is received under sub-section (b)(5)(C). ‘‘(2) INACTIVE SUBSTANCE .—The term ‘inactive substance’ means a chemical substance on the list published under subsection (b)(1) that does not meet any of the criteria described in para-graph (1). ‘‘(3) M
ANUFACTURE ; PROCESS .—The’’. 
SEC. 11. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FEDERAL LAWS. 
Section 9 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2608) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘presents or will present an un-reasonable risk to health or the environment’’ and inserting ‘‘does not or will not meet the safety standard’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘such risk’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘the risk posed by the substance or mixture’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘within the time period specified by the Administrator in the report’’ after ‘‘issues an order’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘re-sponds within the time period specified by the Administrator in the report and’’ before ‘‘initi-ates, within 90 days’’; and (iii) in the matter following subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘section 6 or 7’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 6(d) or section 7’’; (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (6); (D) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘section 6 or 7’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6(d) or 7’’; and (E) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) The Administrator shall take the actions described in paragraph (4) if the Administrator makes a report under paragraph (1) with respect to a chemical substance or mixture and the agency to which the report was made does not— ‘‘(A) issue the order described in paragraph (2)(A) within the time period specified by the Administrator in the report; or ‘‘(B)(i) respond under paragraph (1) within the time frame specified by the Administrator in the report; and ‘‘(ii) initiate action within 90 days of publica-tion in the Federal Register of the response de-scribed in clause (i). ‘‘(4) If an agency to which a report under paragraph (1) does not take the actions de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) or (B) of para-graph (3), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) if a safety assessment and safety deter-mination for the substance under section 6 has not been completed, complete the safety assess-ment and safety determination; ‘‘(B) if the Administrator has determined or determines that the chemical substance does not meet the safety standard, initiate action under section 6(d) with respect to the risk; or ‘‘(C) take any action authorized or required under section 7, as appropriate. ‘‘(5) This subsection shall not relieve the Ad-ministrator of any obligation to complete a safe-ty assessment and safety determination or take any required action under section 6(d) or 7 to address risks from the manufacture, processing, distribution in commerce, use, or disposal of a chemical substance or mixture, or any combina-tion of those activities, that are not identified in a report issued by the Administrator under paragraph (1).’’; (2) in subsection (d), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Health, Education, and Welfare’’ and inserting ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) E
XPOSURE INFORMATION .—If the Admin-istrator obtains information related to exposures or releases of a chemical substance that may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2999 May 24, 2016 
prevented or reduced under another Federal law, including laws not administered by the Ad-ministrator, the Administrator shall make such information available to the relevant Federal agency or office of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency.’’. 
SEC. 12. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, COLLEC-TION, DISSEMINATION, AND UTILIZA-TION OF DATA. 
Section 10 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2609) is amended by striking ‘‘Health, Education, and Welfare’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Health and Human Services’’. 
SEC. 13. EXPORTS. 
Section 12 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2611) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to— ‘‘(A) any new chemical substance that the Ad-ministrator determines is likely to present an unreasonable risk of injury to health within the United States or to the environment of the United States, without taking into account cost or other non-risk factors; ‘‘(B) any chemical substance that the Admin-istrator determines presents or will present an unreasonable risk of injury to health within the United States or to the environment of the United States, without taking into account cost or other non-risk factors; or ‘‘(C) any chemical substance that— ‘‘(i) the Administrator determines is likely to present an unreasonable risk of injury to health within the United States or to the environment of the United States, without taking into ac-count cost or other non-risk factors; and ‘‘(ii) is subject to restriction under section 5(d)(4). ‘‘(3) W
AIVERS FOR CERTAIN MIXTURES AND AR -
TICLES .—For a mixture or article containing a chemical substance described in paragraph (2), the Administrator may— ‘‘(A) determine that paragraph (1) shall not apply to the mixture or article; or ‘‘(B) establish a threshold concentration in a mixture or article at which paragraph (1) shall not apply. ‘‘(4) T
ESTING .—The Administrator may require testing under section 4 of any chemical sub-stance or mixture exempted from this Act under paragraph (1) for the purpose of determining whether the chemical substance meets the safety standard within the United States.’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) N
OTICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person shall notify the Administrator that the person is exporting or in-tends to export to a foreign country— ‘‘(A) a chemical substance or a mixture con-taining a chemical substance that the Adminis-trator has determined under section 5 is not likely to meet the safety standard and for which a prohibition or other restriction has been pro-posed or established under that section; ‘‘(B) a chemical substance or a mixture con-taining a chemical substance that the Adminis-trator has determined under section 6 does not meet the safety standard and for which a prohi-bition or other restriction has been proposed or established under that section; ‘‘(C) a chemical substance for which the United States is obligated by treaty to provide export notification; ‘‘(D) a chemical substance or mixture con-taining a chemical substance subject to a pro-posed or promulgated significant new use rule, or a prohibition or other restriction pursuant to a rule, order, or consent agreement in effect under this Act; ‘‘(E) a chemical substance or mixture for which the submission of information is required under section 4; or ‘‘(F) a chemical substance or mixture for which an action is pending or for which relief has been granted under section 7. ‘‘(2) RULES.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall promulgate rules to carry out paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The rules promulgated pur-suant to subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) include such exemptions as the Adminis-trator determines to be appropriate, which may include exemptions identified under section 5(h); and ‘‘(ii) indicate whether, or to what extent, the rules apply to articles containing a chemical substance or mixture described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION .—The Administrator shall submit to the government of each country to which a chemical substance or mixture is ex-ported— ‘‘(A) for a chemical substance or mixture de-scribed in subparagraph (A), (B), (D), or (F) of paragraph (1), a notice of the determination, rule, order, consent agreement, action, relief, or requirement; ‘‘(B) for a chemical substance described in paragraph (1)(C), a notice that satisfies the obli-gation of the United States under the applicable treaty; and ‘‘(C) for a chemical substance or mixture de-scribed in paragraph (1)(E), a notice of avail-ability of the information on the chemical sub-stance or mixture submitted to the Adminis-trator.’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. 
Section 14 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2613) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, the Administrator shall not disclose information that is exempt from disclo-sure pursuant to subsection (a) of section 552 of title 5, United States Code, under subsection (b)(4) of that section— ‘‘(1) that is reported to, or otherwise obtained by, the Administrator under this Act; and ‘‘(2) for which the requirements of subsection (d) are met. ‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION GENERALLY PROTECTED  F
ROM DISCLOSURE .—The following information specific to, and submitted by, a manufacturer, processor, or distributor that meets the require-ments of subsections (a) and (d) shall be pre-sumed to be protected from disclosure, subject to the condition that nothing in this Act prohibits the disclosure of any such information, or infor-mation that is the subject of subsection (g)(3), through discovery, subpoena, other court order, or any other judicial process otherwise allowed under applicable Federal or State law: ‘‘(1) Specific information describing the proc-esses used in manufacture or processing of a chemical substance, mixture, or article. ‘‘(2) Marketing and sales information. ‘‘(3) Information identifying a supplier or cus-tomer. ‘‘(4) Details of the full composition of a mix-ture and the respective percentages of constitu-ents. ‘‘(5) Specific information regarding the use, function, or application of a chemical substance or mixture in a process, mixture, or product. ‘‘(6) Specific production or import volumes of the manufacturer. ‘‘(7) Specific aggregated volumes across manu-facturers, if the Administrator determines that disclosure of the specific aggregated volumes would reveal confidential information. ‘‘(8) Except as otherwise provided in this sec-tion, the specific identity of a chemical sub-stance prior to the date on which the chemical substance is first offered for commercial dis-tribution, including the chemical name, molec-ular formula, Chemical Abstracts Service num-ber, and other information that would identify a specific chemical substance, if the specific identity was claimed as confidential information at the time it was submitted in a notice under section 5. ‘‘(c) INFORMATION NOTPROTECTED FROMDIS-
CLOSURE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-sections (a) and (b), the following information shall not be protected from disclosure: ‘‘(A) I
NFORMATION FROM HEALTH AND SAFETY  
STUDIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) any health and safety study that is sub-mitted under this Act with respect to— ‘‘(aa) any chemical substance or mixture that, on the date on which the study is to be dis-closed, has been offered for commercial distribu-tion; or ‘‘(bb) any chemical substance or mixture for which— ‘‘(AA) testing is required under section 4; or ‘‘(BB) a notification is required under section 5; or ‘‘(II) any information reported to, or other-wise obtained by, the Administrator from a health and safety study relating to a chemical substance or mixture described in item (aa) or (bb) of subclause (I). ‘‘(ii) E
FFECT OF SUBPARAGRAPH .—Nothing in this subparagraph authorizes the release of any information that discloses— ‘‘(I) a process used in the manufacturing or processing of a chemical substance or mixture; or ‘‘(II) in the case of a mixture, the portion of the mixture comprised by any chemical sub-stance in the mixture. ‘‘(B) O
THER INFORMATION NOT PROTECTED  
FROM DISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(i) For information submitted after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chem-ical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the specific identity of a chemical substance as of the date on which the chemical substance is first offered for commercial distribution, if the person sub-mitting the information does not meet the re-quirements of subsection (d). ‘‘(ii) A safety assessment developed, or a safe-ty determination made, under section 6. ‘‘(iii) Any general information describing the manufacturing volumes, expressed as specific aggregated volumes or, if the Administrator de-termines that disclosure of specific aggregated volumes would reveal confidential information, expressed in ranges. ‘‘(iv) A general description of a process used in the manufacture or processing and indus-trial, commercial, or consumer functions and uses of a chemical substance, mixture, or article containing a chemical substance or mixture, in-cluding information specific to an industry or industry sector that customarily would be shared with the general public or within an in-dustry or industry sector. ‘‘(2) M
IXED CONFIDENTIAL AND NONCONFIDEN -
TIAL INFORMATION .—Any information that is eli-gible for protection under this section and is submitted with information described in this subsection shall be protected from disclosure, if the submitter complies with subsection (d), sub-ject to the condition that information in the submission that is not eligible for protection against disclosure shall be disclosed. ‘‘(3) B
AN OR PHASE -OUT.—If the Administrator promulgates a rule pursuant to section 6(d) that establishes a ban or phase-out of the manufac-ture, processing, or distribution in commerce of a chemical substance, subject to paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (g), any protection from disclosure provided under this section with respect to the specific identity of the chemical substance and other information relating to the chemical substance shall no longer apply. ‘‘(4) C
ERTAIN REQUESTS .—If a request is made to the Administrator under section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code, for information that is subject to disclosure under this subsection, the Administrator may not deny the request on the basis of section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(d) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR CONFIDENTIALITY  C
LAIMS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3000 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(1) A SSERTION OF CLAIMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A person seeking to protect any information submitted under this Act from disclosure (including information described in subsection (b)) shall assert to the Administrator a claim for protection concurrent with submis-sion of the information, in accordance with such rules regarding a claim for protection from disclosure as the Administrator has promulgated or may promulgate pursuant to this title. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—An assertion of a claim under subparagraph (A) shall include a state-ment that the person has— ‘‘(i) taken reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of the information; ‘‘(ii) determined that the information is not required to be disclosed or otherwise made avail-able to the public under any other Federal law; ‘‘(iii) a reasonable basis to conclude that dis-closure of the information is likely to cause sub-stantial harm to the competitive position of the person; and ‘‘(iv) a reasonable basis to believe that the in-formation is not readily discoverable through re-verse engineering. ‘‘(C) S
PECIFIC CHEMICAL IDENTITY .—In the case of a claim under subparagraph (A) for pro-tection against disclosure of a specific chemical identity, the claim shall include a structurally descriptive generic name for the chemical sub-stance that the Administrator may disclose to the public, subject to the condition that the ge-neric name shall— ‘‘(i) be consistent with guidance issued by the Administrator under paragraph (3)(A); and ‘‘(ii) describe the chemical structure of the substance as specifically as practicable while protecting those features of the chemical struc-ture— ‘‘(I) that are considered to be confidential; and ‘‘(II) the disclosure of which would be likely to cause substantial harm to the competitive po-sition of the person. ‘‘(D) P
UBLIC INFORMATION .—No person may assert a claim under this section for protection from disclosure of information that is already publicly available. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR CON -
FIDENTIALITY CLAIMS .—Except for information described in subsection (b), a person asserting a claim to protect information from disclosure under this Act shall substantiate the claim, in accordance with the rules promulgated and con-sistent with the guidance issued by the Adminis-trator. ‘‘(3) G
UIDANCE .—The Administrator shall de-velop guidance regarding— ‘‘(A) the determination of structurally descrip-tive generic names, in the case of claims for the protection against disclosure of specific chemical identity; and ‘‘(B) the content and form of the statements of need and agreements required under paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) of subsection (e). ‘‘(4) C
ERTIFICATION .—An authorized official of a person described in paragraph (1)(A) shall certify that the statement required to assert a claim submitted pursuant to paragraph (1)(B) and any information required to substantiate a claim submitted pursuant to paragraph (2) are true and correct. ‘‘(e) E
XCEPTIONS TO PROTECTION FROM DIS-
CLOSURE .—Information described in subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) shall be disclosed if the information is to be disclosed to an officer or employee of the United States in connection with the official du-ties of the officer or employee— ‘‘(A) under any law for the protection of health or the environment; or ‘‘(B) for a specific law enforcement purpose; ‘‘(2) shall be disclosed if the information is to be disclosed to a contractor of the United States and employees of that contractor— ‘‘(A) if, in the opinion of the Administrator, the disclosure is necessary for the satisfactory performance by the contractor of a contract with the United States for the performance of work in connection with this Act; and ‘‘(B) subject to such conditions as the Admin-istrator may specify; ‘‘(3) shall be disclosed if the Administrator de-termines that disclosure is necessary to protect health or the environment; ‘‘(4) shall be disclosed if the information is to be disclosed to a State or political subdivision of a State, on written request, for the purpose of development, administration, or enforcement of a law, if 1 or more applicable agreements with the Administrator that are consistent with the guidance issued under subsection (d)(3)(B) en-sure that the recipient will take appropriate measures, and has adequate authority, to main-tain the confidentiality of the information in ac-cordance with procedures comparable to the procedures used by the Administrator to safe-guard the information; ‘‘(5) shall be disclosed if a health or environ-mental professional employed by a Federal or State agency or a treating physician or nurse in a nonemergency situation provides a written statement of need and agrees to sign a written confidentiality agreement with the Adminis-trator, subject to the conditions that— ‘‘(A) the statement of need and confidentiality agreement are consistent with the guidance issued under subsection (d)(3)(B); ‘‘(B) the written statement of need shall be a statement that the person has a reasonable basis to suspect that— ‘‘(i) the information is necessary for, or will assist in— ‘‘(I) the diagnosis or treatment of 1 or more in-dividuals; or ‘‘(II) responding to an environmental release or exposure; and ‘‘(ii) 1 or more individuals being diagnosed or treated have been exposed to the chemical sub-stance concerned, or an environmental release or exposure has occurred; and ‘‘(C) the confidentiality agreement shall pro-vide that the person will not use the information for any purpose other than the health or envi-ronmental needs asserted in the statement of need, except as otherwise may be authorized by the terms of the agreement or by the person sub-mitting the information to the Administrator, except that nothing in this Act prohibits the dis-closure of any such information through dis-covery, subpoena, other court order, or any other judicial process otherwise allowed under applicable Federal or State law; ‘‘(6) shall be disclosed if in the event of an emergency, a treating physician, nurse, agent of a poison control center, public health or envi-ronmental official of a State or political subdivi-sion of a State, or first responder (including any individual duly authorized by a Federal agency, State, or political subdivision of a State who is trained in urgent medical care or other emer-gency procedures, including a police officer, firefighter, or emergency medical technician) re-quests the information, subject to the conditions that— ‘‘(A) the treating physician, nurse, agent, public health or environmental official of a State or a political subdivision of a State, or first responder shall have a reasonable basis to suspect that— ‘‘(i) a medical or public health or environ-mental emergency exists; ‘‘(ii) the information is necessary for, or will assist in, emergency or first-aid diagnosis or treatment; or ‘‘(iii) 1 or more individuals being diagnosed or treated have likely been exposed to the chemical substance concerned, or a serious environmental release of or exposure to the chemical substance concerned has occurred; ‘‘(B) if requested by the person submitting the information to the Administrator, the treating physician, nurse, agent, public health or envi-ronmental official of a State or a political sub-division of a State, or first responder shall, as described in paragraph (5)— ‘‘(i) provide a written statement of need; and ‘‘(ii) agree to sign a confidentiality agreement; and ‘‘(C) the written confidentiality agreement or statement of need shall be submitted as soon as practicable, but not necessarily before the infor-mation is disclosed; ‘‘(7) may be disclosed if the Administrator de-termines that disclosure is relevant in a pro-ceeding under this Act, subject to the condition that the disclosure shall be made in such a man-ner as to preserve confidentiality to the max-imum extent practicable without impairing the proceeding; ‘‘(8) shall be disclosed if the information is to be disclosed, on written request of any duly au-thorized congressional committee, to that com-mittee; or ‘‘(9) shall be disclosed if the information is re-quired to be disclosed or otherwise made public under any other provision of Federal law. ‘‘(f) DURATION OF PROTECTION FROM DISCLO -
SURE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) I
NFORMATION NOT SUBJECT TO TIME LIMIT  
FOR PROTECTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Administrator shall protect from disclosure information described in sub-section (b) that meets the requirements of sub-sections (a) and (d), unless— ‘‘(i) the person that asserted the claim notifies the Administrator that the person is with-drawing the claim, in which case the Adminis-trator shall promptly make the information available to the public; or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator otherwise becomes aware that the information does not qualify or no longer qualifies for protection against disclo-sure under subsection (a), in which case the Ad-ministrator shall take any actions required under subsection (g)(2). ‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION SUBJECT TO TIME LIMIT FOR  
PROTECTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Administrator shall protect from disclosure information, other than infor-mation described in subsection (b), that meets the requirements of subsections (a) and (d) for a period of 10 years, unless, prior to the expiration of the period— ‘‘(i) the person that asserted the claim notifies the Administrator that the person is with-drawing the claim, in which case the Adminis-trator shall promptly make the information available to the public; or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator otherwise becomes aware that the information does not qualify or no longer qualifies for protection against disclo-sure under subsection (a), in which case the Ad-ministrator shall take any actions required under subsection (g)(2). ‘‘(C) E
XTENSIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the date that is 60 days before the expiration of the period de-scribed in subparagraph (B), the Administrator shall provide to the person that asserted the claim a notice of the impending expiration of the period. ‘‘(ii) S
TATEMENT .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the date that is 30 days before the expiration of the period de-scribed in subparagraph (B), a person re-asserting the relevant claim shall submit to the Administrator a request for extension substan-tiating, in accordance with subsection (d)(2), the need to extend the period. ‘‘(II) A
CTION BY ADMINISTRATOR .—Not later than the date of expiration of the period de-scribed in subparagraph (B), the Administrator shall, in accordance with subsection (g)(1)(C)— ‘‘(aa) review the request submitted under sub-clause (I); ‘‘(bb) make a determination regarding wheth-er the claim for which the request was submitted continues to meet the relevant criteria estab-lished under this section; and ‘‘(cc)(AA) grant an extension of 10 years; or ‘‘(BB) deny the request. ‘‘(D) N
O LIMIT ON NUMBER OF EXTENSIONS .— There shall be no limit on the number of exten-sions granted under subparagraph (C), if the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3001 May 24, 2016 
Administrator determines that the relevant re-quest under subparagraph (C)(ii)(I)— ‘‘(i) establishes the need to extend the period; and ‘‘(ii) meets the requirements established by the Administrator. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW AND RESUBSTANTIATION .— ‘‘(A) D
ISCRETION OF ADMINISTRATOR .—The Administrator may review, at any time, a claim for protection of information against disclosure under subsection (a) and require any person that has claimed protection for that informa-tion, whether before, on, or after the date of en-actment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, to withdraw or reassert and substantiate or resubstantiate the claim in accordance with this section— ‘‘(i) after the chemical substance is identified as a high-priority substance under section 4A; ‘‘(ii) for any chemical substance for which the Administrator has made a determination under section 6(c)(1)(C); ‘‘(iii) for any inactive chemical substance identified under section 8(b)(5); or ‘‘(iv) in limited circumstances, if the Adminis-trator determines that disclosure of certain in-formation currently protected from disclosure would assist the Administrator in conducting safety assessments and safety determinations under subsections (b) and (c) of section 6 or pro-mulgating rules pursuant to section 6(d). ‘‘(B) R
EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Administrator shall review a claim for protection of informa-tion against disclosure under subsection (a) and require any person that has claimed protection for that information, whether before, on, or after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act, to withdraw or reassert and substan-tiate or resubstantiate the claim in accordance with this section— ‘‘(i) as necessary to determine whether the in-formation qualifies for an exemption from dis-closure in connection with a request for infor-mation received by the Administrator under sec-tion 552 of title 5, United States Code; ‘‘(ii) if the Administrator has a reasonable basis to believe that the information does not qualify for protection against disclosure under subsection (a); or ‘‘(iii) for any substance for which the Admin-istrator has made a determination under section 6(c)(1)(B). ‘‘(C) A
CTION BY RECIPIENT .—If the Adminis-trator makes a request under subparagraph (A) or (B), the recipient of the request shall— ‘‘(i) reassert and substantiate or resubstan-tiate the claim; or ‘‘(ii) withdraw the claim. ‘‘(D) P
ERIOD OF PROTECTION .—Protection from disclosure of information subject to a claim that is reviewed and approved by the Administrator under this paragraph shall be extended for a pe-riod of 10 years from the date of approval, sub-ject to any subsequent request by the Adminis-trator under this paragraph. ‘‘(3) U
NIQUE IDENTIFIER .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(A)(i) develop a system to assign a unique identifier to each specific chemical identity for which the Administrator approves a request for protection from disclosure, other than a specific chemical identity or structurally descriptive ge-neric term; and ‘‘(ii) apply that identifier consistently to all information relevant to the applicable chemical substance; ‘‘(B) annually publish and update a list of chemical substances, referred to by unique iden-tifier, for which claims to protect the specific chemical identity from disclosure have been ap-proved, including the expiration date for each such claim; ‘‘(C) ensure that any nonconfidential infor-mation received by the Administrator with re-spect to such a chemical substance during the period of protection from disclosure— ‘‘(i) is made public; and ‘‘(ii) identifies the chemical substance using the unique identifier; and ‘‘(D) for each claim for protection of specific chemical identity that has been denied by the Administrator or expired, or that has been with-drawn by the submitter, provide public access to the specific chemical identity clearly linked to all nonconfidential information received by the Administrator with respect to the chemical sub-stance. ‘‘(g) DUTIES OF ADMINISTRATOR .— ‘‘(1) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), the Administrator shall, subject to subparagraph (C), not later than 90 days after the receipt of a claim under subsection (d), and not later than 30 days after the receipt of a re-quest for extension of a claim under subsection (f), review and approve, modify, or deny the claim or request. ‘‘(B) R
EASONS FOR DENIAL OR MODIFICATION .— If the Administrator denies or modifies a claim or request under subparagraph (A), the Admin-istrator shall provide to the person that sub-mitted the claim or request a written statement of the reasons for the denial or modification of the claim or request. ‘‘(C) S
UBSETS .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) except for claims described in subsection (b)(8), review all claims or requests under this section for the protection against disclosure of the specific identity of a chemical substance; and ‘‘(ii) review a representative subset, com-prising at least 25 percent, of all other claims or requests for protection against disclosure. ‘‘(D) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO ACT .—The failure of the Administrator to make a decision regard-ing a claim or request for protection against dis-closure or extension under this section shall not be the basis for denial or elimination of a claim or request for protection against disclosure. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B) and subsections (c), (e), and (f), if the Administrator denies or modifies a claim or request under paragraph (1), intends to re-lease information pursuant to subsection (e), or promulgates a rule under section 6(d) estab-lishing a ban or phase-out of a chemical sub-stance, the Administrator shall notify, in writ-ing and by certified mail, the person that sub-mitted the claim of the intent of the Adminis-trator to release the information. ‘‘(B) R
ELEASE OF INFORMATION .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), the Adminis-trator shall not release information under this subsection until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the person that submitted the request receives notification under subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For information under paragraph (3) or (8) of subsection (e), the Ad-ministrator shall not release that information until the date that is 15 days after the date on which the person that submitted the claim or re-quest receives a notification, unless the Admin-istrator determines that release of the informa-tion is necessary to protect against an imminent and substantial harm to health or the environ-ment, in which case no prior notification shall be necessary. ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION AS SOON AS PRACTICABLE .— For information under paragraphs (4) and (6) of subsection (e), the Administrator shall notify the person that submitted the information that the information has been disclosed as soon as practicable after disclosure of the information. ‘‘(iii) N
O NOTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Notifica- tion shall not be required— ‘‘(I) for the disclosure of information under paragraph (1), (2), (7), or (9) of subsection (e); or ‘‘(II) for the disclosure of information for which— ‘‘(aa) a notice under subsection (f)(1)(C)(i) was received; and ‘‘(bb) no request was received by the Adminis-trator on or before the date of expiration of the period for which protection from disclosure ap-plies. ‘‘(3) REBUTTABLE PRESUMPTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to notifica-tions provided by the Administrator under para-graph (2) with respect to information pertaining to a chemical substance subject to a rule as de-scribed in subsection (c)(3), there shall be a re-buttable presumption that the public interest in disclosing confidential information related to a chemical substance subject to a rule promul-gated under section 6(d) that establishes a ban or phase-out of the manufacture, processing, or distribution in commerce of the substance out-weighs the proprietary interest in maintaining the protection from disclosure of that informa-tion. ‘‘(B) R
EQUEST FOR NONDISCLOSURE .—A person that receives a notification under paragraph (2) with respect to the information described in sub-paragraph (A) may submit to the Administrator, before the date on which the information is to be released pursuant to paragraph (2)(B), a re-quest with supporting documentation describing why the person believes some or all of that in-formation should not be disclosed. ‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION BY ADMINISTRATOR .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the Administrator receives a request under sub-paragraph (B), the Administrator shall deter-mine whether the documentation provided by the person making the request rebuts or does not rebut the presumption described in subpara-graph (A), for all or a portion of the information that the person has requested not be disclosed. ‘‘(ii) O
BJECTIVE .—The Administrator shall make the determination with the objective of en-suring that information relevant to protection of health and the environment is disclosed to the maximum extent practicable. ‘‘(D) T
IMING .—Not later than 30 days after making the determination described in subpara-graph (C), the Administrator shall make public the information the Administrator has deter-mined is not to be protected from disclosure. ‘‘(E) N
O TIMELY REQUEST RECEIVED .—If the Administrator does not receive, before the date on which the information described in subpara-graph (A) is to be released pursuant to para-graph (2)(B), a request pursuant to subpara-graph (B), the Administrator shall promptly make public all of the information. ‘‘(4) A
PPEALS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a person receives a noti-fication under paragraph (2) and believes disclo-sure of the information is prohibited under sub-section (a), before the date on which the infor-mation is to be released pursuant to paragraph (2)(B), the person may bring an action to re-strain disclosure of the information in— ‘‘(i) the United States district court of the dis-trict in which the complainant resides or has the principal place of business; or ‘‘(ii) the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. ‘‘(B) N
O DISCLOSURE .—The Administrator shall not disclose any information that is the subject of an appeal under this section before the date on which the applicable court rules on an action under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(5) R
EQUEST AND NOTIFICATION SYSTEM .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion, shall develop a request and notification system that allows for expedient and swift ac-cess to information disclosed pursuant to para-graphs (5) and (6) of subsection (e) in a format and language that is readily accessible and un-derstandable. ‘‘(h) C
RIMINAL PENALTY FOR WRONGFUL DIS-
CLOSURE .— ‘‘(1) O
FFICERS AND EMPLOYEES OF UNITED  
STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), a current or former officer or employee of the United States described in subparagraph (B) shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and fined under title 18, United States Code, or imprisoned for not more than 1 year, or both. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3002 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(B) D ESCRIPTION .—A current or former offi-cer or employee of the United States referred to in subparagraph (A) is a current or former offi-cer or employee of the United States who— ‘‘(i) by virtue of that employment or official position has obtained possession of, or has ac-cess to, material the disclosure of which is pro-hibited by subsection (a); and ‘‘(ii) knowing that disclosure of that material is prohibited by subsection (a), willfully dis-closes the material in any manner to any person not entitled to receive that material. ‘‘(2) O
THER LAWS .—Section 1905 of title 18, United States Code, shall not apply with respect to the publishing, divulging, disclosure, making known of, or making available, information re-ported or otherwise obtained under this Act. ‘‘(3) C
ONTRACTORS .—For purposes of this sub-section, any contractor of the United States that is provided information in accordance with sub-section (e)(2), including any employee of that contractor, shall be considered to be an em-ployee of the United States. ‘‘(i) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, section 8, or any other ap-plicable Federal law, the Administrator shall have no authority— ‘‘(A) to require the substantiation or re-substantiation of a claim for the protection from disclosure of information reported to or other-wise obtained by the Administrator under this Act before the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act; or ‘‘(B) to impose substantiation or resubstan-tiation requirements under this Act that are more extensive than those required under this section. ‘‘(2) A
CTIONS PRIOR TO PROMULGATION OF  
RULES .—Nothing in this Act prevents the Ad-ministrator from reviewing, requiring substan-tiation or resubstantiation for, or approving, modifying or denying any claim for the protec-tion from disclosure of information before the ef-fective date of such rules applicable to those claims as the Administrator may promulgate after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act.’’. 
SEC. 15. PROHIBITED ACTS. 
Section 15 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2614) is amended by striking para-graph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) fail or refuse to comply with— ‘‘(A) any rule promulgated, consent agreement entered into, or order issued under section 4; ‘‘(B) any requirement under section 5 or 6; ‘‘(C) any rule promulgated, consent agreement entered into, or order issued under section 5 or 6; or ‘‘(D) any requirement of, or any rule promul-gated or order issued pursuant to title II;’’. 
SEC. 16. PENALTIES. 
Section 16 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2615) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$37,500’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by striking‘‘ viola-tion of section 15 or 409’’ and inserting ‘‘viola-tion of this Act’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Any person who’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person that’’; (B) by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) I
MMINENT DANGER OF DEATH OR SERIOUS  
BODILY INJURY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any person that know-ingly or willfully violates any provision of sec-tion 15 or 409, and that knows at the time of the violation that the violation places an individual in imminent danger of death or serious bodily injury, shall be subject on conviction to a fine of not more than $250,000, or imprisonment for not more than 15 years, or both. ‘‘(B) ORGANIZATIONS .—An organization that commits a violation described in subparagraph (A) shall be subject on conviction to a fine of not more than $1,000,000 for each violation. ‘‘(C) I
NCORPORATION OF CORRESPONDING PRO -
VISIONS .—Subparagraphs (B) through (F) of sec-tion 113(c)(5) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7413(c)(5)) shall apply to the prosecution of a violation under this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 17. STATE-FEDERAL RELATIONSHIP. 
Section 18 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2617) is amended by striking sub-sections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OR ENFORCEMENT .—Ex- cept as provided in subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g), and subject to paragraph (2), no State or political subdivision of a State may establish or continue to enforce any of the following: ‘‘(A) T
ESTING .—A statute or administrative action to require the development of information on a chemical substance or category of sub-stances that is reasonably likely to produce the same information required under section 4, 5, or 6 in— ‘‘(i) a rule promulgated by the Administrator; ‘‘(ii) a testing consent agreement entered into by the Administrator; or ‘‘(iii) an order issued by the Administrator. ‘‘(B) C
HEMICAL SUBSTANCES FOUND TO MEET  
THE SAFETY STANDARD OR RESTRICTED .—A stat- ute or administrative action to prohibit or other-wise restrict the manufacture, processing, or dis-tribution in commerce or use of a chemical sub-stance— ‘‘(i) found to meet the safety standard and consistent with the scope of the determination made under section 6; or ‘‘(ii) found not to meet the safety standard, after the effective date of the rule issued under section 6(d) for the substance, consistent with the scope of the determination made by the Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(C) S
IGNIFICANT NEW USE .—A statute or ad-ministrative action requiring the notification of a use of a chemical substance that the Adminis-trator has specified as a significant new use and for which the Administrator has required notifi-cation pursuant to a rule promulgated under section 5. ‘‘(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF PREEMPTION .—Under this subsection, Federal preemption of statutes and administrative actions applicable to specific substances shall not occur until the effective date of the applicable action described in para-graph (1) taken by the Administrator. ‘‘(b) N
EWSTATUTES OR ADMINISTRATIVE AC-
TIONS CREATING PROHIBITIONS OR OTHER RE-
STRICTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-sections (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g), beginning on the date on which the Administrator defines and publishes the scope of a safety assessment and safety determination under section 6(a)(2) and ending on the date on which the deadline established pursuant to section 6(a) for comple-tion of the safety determination expires, or on the date on which the Administrator publishes the safety determination under section 6(a), whichever is earlier, no State or political sub-division of a State may establish a statute or ad-ministrative action prohibiting or restricting the manufacture, processing, distribution in com-merce or use of a chemical substance that is a high-priority substance designated under sec-tion 4A. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—This subsection does not restrict the authority of a State or political sub-division of a State to continue to enforce any statute enacted, or administrative action taken, prior to the date on which the Administrator de-fines and publishes the scope of a safety assess-ment and safety determination under section 6(a)(2). ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—Subparagraph (A) does not allow a State or political subdivision of a State to enforce any new prohibition or restriction under a statute or administrative action de-scribed in that subparagraph, if the prohibition or restriction is established after the date de-scribed in that subparagraph. ‘‘(c) S
COPE OF PREEMPTION .—Federal preemp-tion under subsections (a) and (b) of statutes and administrative actions applicable to specific substances shall apply only to— ‘‘(1) the chemical substances or category of substances subject to a rule, order, or consent agreement under section 4; ‘‘(2) the hazards, exposures, risks, and uses or conditions of use of such substances that are identified by the Administrator as subject to re-view in a safety assessment and included in the scope of the safety determination made by the Administrator for the substance, or of any rule the Administrator promulgates pursuant to sec-tion 6(d); or ‘‘(3) the uses of such substances that the Ad-ministrator has specified as significant new uses and for which the Administrator has required notification pursuant to a rule promulgated under section 5. ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) N
O PREEMPTION OF STATUTES AND ADMIN -
ISTRATIVE ACTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act, nor any amendment made by this Act, nor any rule, standard of performance, safety determination, or scientific assessment implemented pursuant to this Act, shall affect the right of a State or a po-litical subdivision of a State to adopt or enforce any rule, standard of performance, safety deter-mination, scientific assessment, or any protec-tion for public health or the environment that— ‘‘(i) is adopted or authorized under the au-thority of any other Federal law or adopted to satisfy or obtain authorization or approval under any other Federal law; ‘‘(ii) implements a reporting, monitoring, dis-closure, or other information obligation for the chemical substance not otherwise required by the Administrator under this Act or required under any other Federal law; ‘‘(iii) is adopted pursuant to authority under a law of the State or political subdivision of the State related to water quality, air quality, or waste treatment or disposal, except to the extent that the action— ‘‘(I) imposes a restriction on the manufacture, processing, distribution in commerce, or use of a chemical substance; and ‘‘(II)(aa) addresses the same hazards and ex-posures, with respect to the same conditions of use as are included in the scope of the safety de-termination pursuant to section 6, but is incon-sistent with the action of the Administrator; or ‘‘(bb) would cause a violation of the applica-ble action by the Administrator under section 5 or 6; or ‘‘(iv) subject to subparagraph (B), is identical to a requirement prescribed by the Adminis-trator. ‘‘(B) I
DENTICAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The penalties and other sanctions applicable under a law of a State or political subdivision of a State in the event of noncompliance with the identical requirement shall be no more stringent than the penalties and other sanctions available to the Adminis-trator under section 16 of this Act. ‘‘(ii) P
ENALTIES .—In the case of an identical requirement— ‘‘(I) a State or political subdivision of a State may not assess a penalty for a specific violation for which the Administrator has assessed an adequate penalty under section 16; and ‘‘(II) if a State or political subdivision of a State has assessed a penalty for a specific viola-tion, the Administrator may not assess a penalty for that violation in an amount that would cause the total of the penalties assessed for the violation by the State or political subdivision of a State and the Administrator combined to ex-ceed the maximum amount that may be assessed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3003 May 24, 2016 
for that violation by the Administrator under section 16. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY TO CERTAIN RULES OR OR -
DERS.—Notwithstanding subsection (e)— ‘‘(A) nothing in this section shall be construed as modifying the effect under this section, as in effect on the day before the effective date of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, of any rule or order promul-gated or issued under this Act prior to that ef-fective date; and ‘‘(B) with respect to a chemical substance or mixture for which any rule or order was promul-gated or issued under section 6 prior to the ef-fective date of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chem-ical Safety for the 21st Century Act with regards to manufacturing, processing, distribution in commerce, use, or disposal of a chemical sub-stance, this section (as in effect on the day be-fore the effective date of the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act) shall govern the preemptive effect of any rule or order that is promulgated or issued respecting such chemical substance or mixture under sec-tion 6 of this Act after that effective date, unless the latter rule or order is with respect to a chem-ical substance or mixture containing a chemical substance and follows a designation of that chemical substance as a high-priority substance under subsection (b) or (c) of section 4A or as an additional priority for safety assessment and safety determination under section 4A(c). ‘‘(e) P
RESERVATION OF CERTAIN LAWS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act, subject to subsection (g) of this section, shall— ‘‘(A) be construed to preempt or otherwise af-fect the authority of a State or political subdivi-sion of a State to continue to enforce any action taken before August 1, 2015, under the authority of a law of the State or political subdivision of the State that prohibits or otherwise restricts manufacturing, processing, distribution in com-merce, use, or disposal of a chemical substance; or ‘‘(B) be construed to preempt or otherwise af-fect any action taken pursuant to a State law that was in effect on August 31, 2003. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—This subsection does not affect, modify, or alter the relationship between Federal law and laws of a State or po-litical subdivision of a State pursuant to any other Federal law. ‘‘(f) W
AIVERS .— ‘‘(1) D
ISCRETIONARY EXEMPTIONS .—Upon ap- plication of a State or political subdivision of a State, the Administrator may by rule, exempt from subsection (a), under such conditions as may be prescribed in the rule, a statute or ad-ministrative action of that State or political sub-division of the State that relates to the effects of, or exposure to, a chemical substance under the conditions of use if the Administrator deter-mines that— ‘‘(A) compelling conditions warrant granting the waiver to protect health or the environment; ‘‘(B) compliance with the proposed require-ment of the State or political subdivision of the State would not unduly burden interstate com-merce in the manufacture, processing, distribu-tion in commerce, or use of a chemical sub-stance; ‘‘(C) compliance with the proposed require-ment of the State or political subdivision of the State would not cause a violation of any appli-cable Federal law, rule, or order; and ‘‘(D) in the judgment of the Administrator, the proposed requirement of the State or polit-ical subdivision of the State is designed to ad-dress a risk of a chemical substance, under the conditions of use, that was identified— ‘‘(i) consistent with the best available science; ‘‘(ii) using supporting studies conducted in accordance with sound and objective scientific practices; and ‘‘(iii) based on the weight of the scientific evi-dence. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED EXEMPTIONS .—Upon applica-tion of a State or political subdivision of a State, the Administrator shall exempt from subsection (b) a statute or administrative action of a State or political subdivision of a State that relates to the effects of exposure to a chemical substance under the conditions of use if the Administrator determines that— ‘‘(A) compliance with the proposed require-ment of the State or political subdivision of the State would not unduly burden interstate com-merce in the manufacture, processing, distribu-tion in commerce, or use of a chemical sub-stance; ‘‘(B) compliance with the proposed require-ment of the State or political subdivision of the State would not cause a violation of any appli-cable Federal law, rule, or order; and ‘‘(C) the State or political subdivision of the State has a concern about the chemical sub-stance or use of the chemical substance based in peer-reviewed science. ‘‘(3) DETERMINATION OF A WAIVER REQUEST .— The duty of the Administrator to grant or deny a waiver application shall be nondelegable and shall be exercised— ‘‘(A) not later than 180 days after the date on which an application under paragraph (1) is submitted; and ‘‘(B) not later than 110 days after the date on which an application under paragraph (2) is submitted. ‘‘(4) F
AILURE TO MAKE DETERMINATION .—If the Administrator fails to make a determination under paragraph (3)(B) during the 110-day pe-riod beginning on the date on which an applica-tion under paragraph (2) is submitted, the stat-ute or administrative action of the State or po-litical subdivision of the State that was the sub-ject of the application shall not be considered to be an existing statute or administrative action for purposes of subsection (b) by reason of the failure of the Administrator to make a deter-mination. ‘‘(5) N
OTICE AND COMMENT .—Except in the case of an application approved under para-graph (9), the application of a State or political subdivision of a State shall be subject to public notice and comment. ‘‘(6) F
INAL AGENCY ACTION .—The decision of the Administrator on the application of a State or political subdivision of a State shall be— ‘‘(A) considered to be a final agency action; and ‘‘(B) subject to judicial review. ‘‘(7) D
URATION OF WAIVERS .—A waiver grant-ed under paragraph (2) or approved under para-graph (9) shall remain in effect until such time as the Administrator publishes the safety deter-mination under section 6(a)(4). ‘‘(8) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF WAIVERS .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Ad-ministrator makes a determination on an appli-cation of a State or political subdivision of a State under paragraph (1) or (2), any person may file a petition for judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over the determination. ‘‘(9) A
PPROVAL .— ‘‘(A) A
UTOMATIC APPROVAL .—If the Adminis-trator fails to meet the deadline established under paragraph (3)(B), the application of a State or political subdivision of a State under paragraph (2) shall be automatically approved, effective on the date that is 10 days after the deadline. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Notwithstanding para-graph (6), approval of a waiver application under subparagraph (A) for failure to meet the deadline under paragraph (3)(B) shall not be considered final agency action or be subject to judicial review or public notice and comment. ‘‘(g) S
AVINGS .— ‘‘(1) N
O PREEMPTION OF COMMON LAW OR  
STATUTORY CAUSES OF ACTION FOR CIVIL RELIEF  
OR CRIMINAL CONDUCT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act, nor any amendment made by this Act, nor any safe-ty standard, rule, requirement, standard of per-formance, safety determination, or scientific as-sessment implemented pursuant to this Act, shall be construed to preempt, displace, or sup-plant any state or Federal common law rights or any state or Federal statute creating a remedy for civil relief, including those for civil damage, or a penalty for a criminal conduct. ‘‘(B) CLARIFICATION OF NO PREEMPTION .—Not- withstanding any other provision of this Act, nothing in this Act, nor any amendments made by this Act, shall preempt or preclude any cause of action for personal injury, wrongful death, property damage, or other injury based on neg-ligence, strict liability, products liability, failure to warn, or any other legal theory of liability under any State law, maritime law, or Federal common law or statutory theory. ‘‘(2) N
O EFFECT ON PRIVATE REMEDIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act, nor any amendments made by this Act, nor any rules, regulations, requirements, safety assess-ments, safety determinations, scientific assess-ments, or orders issued pursuant to this Act shall be interpreted as, in either the plaintiff’s or defendant’s favor, dispositive in any civil ac-tion. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY OF COURTS .—This Act does not affect the authority of any court to make a determination in an adjudicatory proceeding under applicable State or Federal law with re-spect to the admission into evidence or any other use of this Act or rules, regulations, re-quirements, standards of performance, safety as-sessments, scientific assessments, or orders issued pursuant to this Act.’’. 
SEC. 18. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
Section 19 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2618) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the first sentence— (aa) by striking ‘‘Not’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise provided in this title, not’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘section 4(a), 5(a)(2), 5(b)(4), 6(a), 6(e), or 8, or under title II or IV’’ and in-serting ‘‘this title or title II or IV, or an order under section 6(c)(1)(A)’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘judicial review of such rule’’ and inserting ‘‘judicial review of such rule or order’’; and (II) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘such a rule’’ and inserting ‘‘such a rule or order’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘Courts’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise provided in this title, courts’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘an order issued under sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of section 6(b)(1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘an order issued under this title’’; (B) in paragraph (2), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘the filing of the rulemaking record of proceedings on which the Administrator based the rule being reviewed’’ and inserting ‘‘the filing of the record of proceedings on which the Administrator based the rule or order being reviewed’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF LOW -PRIORITY DECI -
SIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the publication of a designation under sec-tion 4A(b)(4), or a designation under section 4A(b)(8) of a chemical substance as a low-pri-ority substance, any person may commence a civil action to challenge the designation. ‘‘(B) J
URISDICTION .—The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit shall have exclusive jurisdiction over a civil ac-tion filed under this paragraph.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(1)(B)— (A) in clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 4(a), 5(b)(4), 6(a), or 6(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4(a), 6(d), or 6(g), or an order under section 6(c)(1)(A)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘evidence in the rulemaking record (as defined in subsection (a)(3)) taken as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3004 May 24, 2016 
a whole;’’ and inserting ‘‘evidence (including any matter) in the rulemaking record, taken as a whole; and’’; and (B) by striking clauses (ii) and (iii) and the matter following clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) the court may not review the contents and adequacy of any statement of basis and purpose required by section 553(c) of title 5, United States Code, to be incorporated in the rule, except as part of the rulemaking record, taken as a whole.’’. 
SEC. 19. CITIZENS’ CIVIL ACTIONS. 
Section 20 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2619) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘or order issued under section 5’’ and inserting ‘‘or order issued under section 4 or 5’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, except that no prior no-tification shall be required in the case of a civil action brought to compel a decision by the Ad-ministrator pursuant to section 18(f)(3)(B); or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) in the case of a civil action brought to compel a decision by the Administrator pursu-ant to section 18(f)(3)(B), after the date that is 60 days after the deadline specified in section 18(f)(3)(B).’’. 
SEC. 20. CITIZENS’ PETITIONS. 
Section 21 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2620) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘an order under section 5(e) or 6(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘an order under section 4 or 5(d)’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘an order under section 5(e), 6(b)(1)(A), or 6(b)(1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘an order under section 4 or 5(d)’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by striking subpara-graph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) D
E NOVO PROCEEDING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In an action under sub-paragraph (A) to initiate a proceeding to issue a rule pursuant to section 4, 5, 6, or 8 or issue an order under section 4 or 5(d), the petitioner shall be provided an opportunity to have the pe-tition considered by the court in a de novo pro-ceeding. ‘‘(ii) D
EMONSTRATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The court in a de novo pro-ceeding under this subparagraph shall order the Administrator to initiate the action requested by the petitioner if the petitioner demonstrates to the satisfaction of the court by a preponderance of the evidence that— ‘‘(aa) in the case of a petition to initiate a proceeding for the issuance of a rule or order under section 4, the information is needed for a purpose identified in section 4(a); ‘‘(bb) in the case of a petition to issue an order under section 5(d), the chemical substance is not likely to meet the safety standard; ‘‘(cc) in the case of a petition to initiate a pro-ceeding for the issuance of a rule under section 6(d), the chemical substance does not meet the safety standard; or ‘‘(dd) in the case of a petition to initiate a proceeding for the issuance of a rule under sec-tion 8, there is a reasonable basis to conclude that the rule is necessary to protect health or the environment or ensure that the chemical substance meets the safety standard. ‘‘(II) D
EFERMENT .—The court in a de novo proceeding under this subparagraph may permit the Administrator to defer initiating the action requested by the petitioner until such time as the court prescribes, if the court finds that— ‘‘(aa) the extent of the risk to health or the environment alleged by the petitioner is less than the extent of risks to health or the environ-ment with respect to which the Administrator is taking action under this Act; and ‘‘(bb) there are insufficient resources available to the Administrator to take the action re-quested by the petitioner.’’. SEC. 21. EMPLOYMENT EFFECTS. 
Section 24(b)(2)(B)(ii) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2623(b)(2)(B)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 6(c)(3),’’ and in-serting ‘‘the applicable requirements of this Act;’’. 
SEC. 22. STUDIES. 
Section 25 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2624) is repealed. 
SEC. 23. ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 26 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2625) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) F
EES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall es-tablish, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, by rule— ‘‘(A) the payment of 1 or more reasonable fees as a condition of submitting a notice or request-ing an exemption under section 5; and ‘‘(B) the payment of 1 or more reasonable fees by a manufacturer or processor that— ‘‘(i) is required to submit a notice pursuant to the rule promulgated under section 8(b)(4)(A)(i) identifying a chemical substance as active; ‘‘(ii) is required to submit a notice pursuant to section 8(b)(5)(B)(i) changing the status of a chemical substance from inactive to active; ‘‘(iii) is required to report information pursu-ant to the rules promulgated under paragraph (1) or (4) of section 8(a); or ‘‘(iv) manufactures or processes a chemical substance subject to a safety assessment and safety determination pursuant to section 6. ‘‘(2) U
TILIZATION AND COLLECTION OF FEES .— The Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) utilize the fees collected under para-graph (1) only to defray costs associated with the actions of the Administrator— ‘‘(i) to collect, process, review, provide access to, and protect from disclosure (where appro-priate) information on chemical substances under this Act; ‘‘(ii) to review notices and make determina-tions for chemical substances under paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 5(d) and impose any nec-essary restrictions under section 5(d)(4); ‘‘(iii) to make prioritization decisions under section 4A; ‘‘(iv) to conduct and complete safety assess-ments and determinations under section 6; and ‘‘(v) to conduct any necessary rulemaking pursuant to section 6(d); ‘‘(B) insofar as possible, collect the fees de-scribed in paragraph (1) in advance of con-ducting any fee-supported activity; ‘‘(C) deposit the fees in the Fund established by paragraph (4)(A); and ‘‘(D) insofar as possible, not collect excess fees or retain a significant amount of unused fees. ‘‘(3) A
MOUNT AND ADJUSTMENT OF FEES ; RE-
FUNDS .—In setting fees under this section, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) prescribe lower fees for small business concerns, after consultation with the Adminis-trator of the Small Business Administration; ‘‘(B) set the fees established under paragraph (1) at levels such that the fees will, in aggregate, provide a sustainable source of funds to annu-ally defray— ‘‘(i) the lower of— ‘‘(I) 25 percent of the costs of conducting the activities identified in paragraph (2)(A), other than the costs to conduct and complete safety assessments and determinations under section 6 for chemical substances identified pursuant to section 4A(c); or ‘‘(II) $25,000,000 (subject to adjustment pursu-ant to subparagraph (F)); and ‘‘(ii) the full costs and the 50-percent portion of the costs of safety assessments and safety de-terminations specified in subparagraph (D); ‘‘(C) reflect an appropriate balance in the as-sessment of fees between manufacturers and processors, and allow the payment of fees by consortia of manufacturers or processors; ‘‘(D) notwithstanding subparagraph (B) and paragraph (4)(D)— ‘‘(i) for substances designated pursuant to sec-tion 4A(c)(1), establish the fee at a level suffi-cient to defray the full annual costs to the Ad-ministrator of conducting the safety assessment and safety determination under section 6; and ‘‘(ii) for substances designated pursuant to section 4A(c)(3), establish the fee at a level suffi-cient to defray 50 percent of the annual costs to the Administrator of conducting the safety as-sessment and safety determination under section 6; ‘‘(E) prior to the establishment or amendment of any fees under paragraph (1), consult and meet with parties potentially subject to the fees or their representatives, subject to the condition that no obligation under the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) or subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, is ap-plicable with respect to such meetings; ‘‘(F) beginning with the fiscal year that is 3 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act, and every 3 years thereafter, after consultation with parties potentially subject to the fees and their representatives pursuant to subparagraph (E), increase or decrease the fees established under paragraph (1) as necessary to adjust for inflation and to ensure, based on the audit analysis required under paragraph (5)(B), that funds deposited in the Fund are sufficient to defray— ‘‘(i) approximately but not more than 25 per-cent of the annual costs to conduct the activities identified in paragraph (2)(A), other than the costs to conduct and complete safety assess-ments and determinations under section 6 for chemical substances identified pursuant to sec-tion 4A(c); and ‘‘(ii) the full annual costs and the 50-percent portion of the annual costs of safety assessments and safety determinations specified in subpara-graph (D); ‘‘(G) adjust fees established under paragraph (1) as necessary to vary on account of differing circumstances, including reduced fees or waivers in appropriate circumstances, to reduce the bur-den on manufacturing or processing, remove barriers to innovation, or where the costs to the Administrator of collecting the fees exceed the fee revenue anticipated to be collected; and ‘‘(H) if a notice submitted under section 5 is refused or subsequently withdrawn, refund the fee or a portion of the fee if no substantial work was performed on the notice. ‘‘(4) TSCA IMPLEMENTATION FUND .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘TSCA Implementation Fund’ (re-ferred to in this subsection as the ‘Fund’), con-sisting of— ‘‘(i) such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under paragraph (2)(C); and ‘‘(ii) any interest earned on the investment of amounts in the Fund; and ‘‘(iii) any proceeds from the sale or redemp-tion of investments held in the Fund. ‘‘(B) C
REDITING AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Fees authorized under this section shall be collected and available for obli-gation only to the extent and in the amount provided in advance in appropriations Acts, and shall be available without fiscal year limitation. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Fees collected under this section shall not— ‘‘(I) be made available or obligated for any purpose other than to defray the costs of con-ducting the activities identified in paragraph (2)(A); ‘‘(II) otherwise be available for any purpose other than implementation of this Act; and ‘‘(III) so long as amounts in the Fund remain available, be subject to restrictions on expendi-tures applicable to the Federal government as a whole. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3005 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(C) U NUSED FUNDS .—Amounts in the Fund not currently needed to carry out this sub-section shall be— ‘‘(i) maintained readily available or on de-posit; ‘‘(ii) invested in obligations of the United States or guaranteed by the United States; or ‘‘(iii) invested in obligations, participations, or other instruments that are lawful investments for fiduciary, trust, or public funds. ‘‘(D) M
INIMUM AMOUNT OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Fees may not be assessed for a fiscal year under this section unless the amount of appropriations for the Chemical Risk Review and Reduction program project of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency for the fiscal year (excluding the amount of any fees appropriated for the fiscal year) are equal to or greater than the amount of appropriations for that program project for fis-cal year 2014. ‘‘(5) A
UDITING .— ‘‘(A) F
INANCIAL STATEMENTS OF AGENCIES .— For the purpose of section 3515(c) of title 31, United States Code, the Fund shall be consid-ered a component of an executive agency. ‘‘(B) C
OMPONENTS .—The annual audit re-quired under sections 3515(b) and 3521 of that title of the financial statements of activities under this subsection shall include an analysis of— ‘‘(i) the fees collected under paragraph (1) and disbursed; ‘‘(ii) compliance with the deadlines estab-lished in section 6 of this Act; ‘‘(iii) the amounts budgeted, appropriated, collected from fees, and disbursed to meet the re-quirements of sections 4, 4A, 5, 6, 8, and 14, in-cluding the allocation of full time equivalent employees to each such section or activity; and ‘‘(iv) the reasonableness of the allocation of the overhead associated with the conduct of the activities described in paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(C) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL .—The Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy shall— ‘‘(i) conduct the annual audit required under this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) report the findings and recommendations of the audit to the Administrator and to the ap-propriate committees of Congress. ‘‘(6) T
ERMINATION .—The authority provided by this section shall terminate at the conclusion of the fiscal year that is 10 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chem-ical Safety for the 21st Century Act, unless oth-erwise reauthorized or modified by Congress.’’; (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Health, Education, and Welfare’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; and (3) adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) P
RIOR ACTIONS .—Nothing in this Act eliminates, modifies, or withdraws any rule pro-mulgated, order issued, or exemption established pursuant to this Act before the date of enact-ment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act.’’. 
SEC. 24. DEVELOPMENT AND EVALUATION OF TEST METHODS AND SUSTAINABLE CHEMISTRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 27 of the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2626) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a), in the first sentence by striking ‘‘Health, Education, and Welfare’’ and inserting ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL COORDINATING ENTITY FOR  S
USTAINABLE CHEMISTRY .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall convene an entity under the National Science and Technology Council with the responsibility to coordinate Federal programs and activities in support of sustainable chemistry, including, as appro-priate, at the National Science Foundation, the Department of Energy, the Department of Agri-culture, the Environmental Protection Agency, the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, the Department of Defense, the National Institutes of Health, and other related Federal agencies. ‘‘(2) CHAIRMAN .—The entity described in para-graph (1) shall be chaired by the Director of the National Science Foundation and the Assistant Administrator for the Office of Research and Development of the Environmental Protection Agency, or their designees. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The entity described in paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(i) develop a working definition of sustain-able chemistry, after seeking advice and input from stakeholders as described in clause (v); ‘‘(ii) oversee the planning, management, and coordination of the Sustainable Chemistry Ini-tiative described in subsection (d); ‘‘(iii) develop a national strategy for sustain-able chemistry as described in subsection (f); ‘‘(iv) develop an implementation plan for sus-tainable chemistry as described in subsection (g); and ‘‘(v) consult and coordinate with stakeholders qualified to provide advice and information on the development of the initiative, national strat-egy, and implementation plan for sustainable chemistry, at least once per year, to carry out activities that may include workshops, requests for information, and other efforts as necessary. ‘‘(B) S
TAKEHOLDERS .—The stakeholders de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(v) shall include representatives from— ‘‘(i) industry (including small- and medium- sized enterprises from across the value chain); ‘‘(ii) the scientific community (including the National Academy of Sciences, scientific profes-sional societies, and academia); ‘‘(iii) the defense community; ‘‘(iv) State, tribal, and local governments; ‘‘(v) State or regional sustainable chemistry programs; ‘‘(vi) nongovernmental organizations; and ‘‘(vii) other appropriate organizations. ‘‘(4) S
UNSET .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—On completion of the na-tional strategy and accompanying implementa-tion plan for sustainable chemistry as described in paragraph (3), the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy— ‘‘(i) shall review the need for further work; and ‘‘(ii) may disband the entity described in paragraph (1) if no further efforts are deter-mined to be necessary. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE AND JUSTIFICATION .—The Direc-tor of the Office of Science and Technology Pol-icy shall provide notice and justification, in-cluding an analysis of options to establish the Sustainable Chemistry Initiative described in subsection (d) and the partnerships described in subsection (e) within 1 or more appropriate Fed-eral agencies, regarding a decision to disband the entity not less than 90 days prior to the ter-mination date to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate. ‘‘(d) S
USTAINABLE CHEMISTRY INITIATIVE .— The entity described in subsection (c)(1) shall oversee the establishment of an interagency Sus-tainable Chemistry Initiative to promote and co-ordinate activities designed— ‘‘(1) to provide sustained support for sustain-able chemistry research, development, dem-onstration, technology transfer, commercializa-tion, education, and training through— ‘‘(A) coordination and promotion of sustain-able chemistry research, development, dem-onstration, and technology transfer conducted at Federal and national laboratories and Fed-eral agencies and at public and private institu-tions of higher education; and ‘‘(B) to the extent practicable, encouragement of consideration of sustainable chemistry in, as appropriate— ‘‘(i) the conduct of Federal, State, and private science and engineering research and develop-ment; and ‘‘(ii) the solicitation and evaluation of appli-cable proposals for science and engineering re-search and development; ‘‘(2) to examine methods by which the Federal Government can offer incentives for consider-ation and use of sustainable chemistry processes and products that encourage competition and overcoming market barriers, including grants, loans, loan guarantees, and innovative financ-ing mechanisms; ‘‘(3) to expand the education and training of undergraduate and graduate students and pro-fessional scientists and engineers, including through partnerships with industry as described in subsection (e), in sustainable chemistry science and engineering; ‘‘(4) to collect and disseminate information on sustainable chemistry research, development, and technology transfer, including information on— ‘‘(A) incentives and impediments to develop-ment, manufacturing, and commercialization; ‘‘(B) accomplishments; ‘‘(C) best practices; and ‘‘(D) costs and benefits; and ‘‘(5) to support (including through technical assistance, participation, financial support, or other forms of support) economic, legal, and other appropriate social science research to identify barriers to commercialization and meth-ods to advance commercialization of sustainable chemistry. ‘‘(e) PARTNERSHIPS IN SUSTAINABLE CHEM-
ISTRY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The entity described in sub-section (c)(1), itself or through an appropriate subgroup designated or established by the enti-ty, shall work through the agencies described in subsection (c)(1) to support, through financial, technical, or other assistance, the establishment of partnerships between institutions of higher education, nongovernmental organizations, con-sortia, and companies across the value chain in the chemical industry, including small- and me-dium-sized enterprises— ‘‘(A) to establish collaborative research, devel-opment, demonstration, technology transfer, and commercialization programs; and ‘‘(B) to train students and retrain professional scientists and engineers in the use of sustain-able chemistry concepts and strategies by meth-ods including— ‘‘(i) developing curricular materials and courses for undergraduate and graduate levels and for the professional development of sci-entists and engineers; and ‘‘(ii) publicizing the availability of profes-sional development courses in sustainable chem-istry and recruiting scientists and engineers to pursue those courses. ‘‘(2) P
RIVATE SECTOR ENTITIES .—To be eligible for support under this section, a partnership in sustainable chemistry shall include at least 1 private sector entity. ‘‘(3) S
ELECTION OF PARTNERSHIPS .—In select- ing partnerships for support under this section, the entity and the agencies described in sub-section (c)(1) shall also consider the extent to which the applicants are willing and able to demonstrate evidence of support for, and com-mitment— ‘‘(A) to achieving the goals of the Sustainable Chemistry Initiative described in subsection (d); and ‘‘(B) to sustaining any new innovations, tools, and resources generated from funding under the program. ‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITED USE OF FUNDS .—Financial support provided under this section may not be used— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3006 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(A) to support or expand a regulatory chem-ical management program at an implementing agency under a State law; or ‘‘(B) to construct or renovate a building or structure. ‘‘(f) N
ATIONAL STRATEGY TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the entity described in subsection (c)(1) shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, a national strategy that shall include— ‘‘(A) a summary of federally funded sustain-able chemistry research, development, dem-onstration, technology transfer, commercializa-tion, education, and training activities; ‘‘(B) a summary of the financial resources al-located to sustainable chemistry initiatives; ‘‘(C) an analysis of the progress made toward achieving the goals and priorities of the Sus-tainable Chemistry Initiative described in sub-section (d), and recommendations for future ini-tiative activities, including consideration of op-tions to establish the Sustainable Chemistry Ini-tiative and the partnerships described in sub-section (e) within 1 or more appropriate Federal agencies; ‘‘(D) an assessment of the benefits of expand-ing existing, federally supported regional inno-vation and manufacturing hubs to include sus-tainable chemistry and the value of directing the establishment of 1 or more dedicated sus-tainable chemistry centers of excellence or hubs; ‘‘(E) an evaluation of steps taken and future strategies to avoid duplication of efforts, stream-line interagency coordination, facilitate infor-mation sharing, and spread best practices be-tween participating agencies in the Sustainable Chemistry Initiative; and ‘‘(F) a framework for advancing sustainable chemistry research, development, technology transfer, commercialization, and education and training. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION TO GAO .—The entity de-scribed in subsection (c)(1) shall submit the na-tional strategy described in paragraph (1) to the Government Accountability Office for consider-ation in future Congressional inquiries. ‘‘(g) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act, the entity described in subsection (c)(1) shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate, an implementation plan, based on the find-ings of the national strategy and other assess-ments, as appropriate, for sustainable chem-istry.’’. (b) S
USTAINABLE CHEMISTRY BASIC RE-
SEARCH .—Subject to the availability of appro-priated funds, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall continue to carry out the Green Chemistry Basic Research program authorized under section 509 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–3). 
SEC. 25. STATE PROGRAMS. 
Section 28 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2627) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraphs (A) through (D), by striking the comma at the end of each subpara-graph and inserting a semicolon; and (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (2) by striking subsections (c) and (d). 
SEC. 26. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 29 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2628) is repealed. SEC. 27. ANNUAL REPORT. 
Section 30 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2629) is amended by striking para-graph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) the number of notices received during each year under section 5; and ‘‘(B) the number of the notices described in subparagraph (A) for chemical substances sub-ject to a rule, testing consent agreement, or order under section 4;’’. 
SEC. 28. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Section 31 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 note; Public Law 94–469) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in section 4(f), this’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—This’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICABILITY .—Nothing in this Act shall be interpreted to apply retro-actively to any State, Federal, or maritime legal action commenced prior to the effective date of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act.’’. 
SEC. 29. ELEMENTAL MERCURY. 
(a) T EMPORARY GENERATOR ACCUMULATION .— Section 5 of the Mercury Export Ban Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 6939f) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respectively and indenting appropriately; (ii) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘After consultation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) A
SSESSMENT AND COLLECTION .—After consultation’’; (iii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The amount of such fees’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT .—The amount of the fees de-scribed in subparagraph (A)’’; (iv) in subparagraph (B) (as so designated)— (I) in clause (i) (as so redesignated), by strik-ing ‘‘publically available not later than October 1, 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘publicly available not later than October 1, 2018’’; (II) in clause (ii) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘and’’; (III) in clause (iii) (as so redesignated), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, subject to clause (iv); and’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) for generators temporarily accumulating elemental mercury in a facility subject to sub-paragraphs (B) and (D)(iv) of subsection (g)(2) if the facility designated in subsection (a) is not operational by January 1, 2019, shall be ad-justed to subtract the cost of the temporary ac-cumulation during the period in which the facil-ity designated under subsection (a) is not oper-ational.’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) C
ONVEYANCE OF TITLE AND PERMIT -
TING.—If the facility designated in subsection (a) is not operational by January 1, 2020, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall immediately accept the conveyance of title to all elemental mercury that has accu-mulated in facilities in accordance with sub-section (g)(2)(D), before January 1, 2020, and de-liver the accumulated mercury to the facility designated under subsection (a) on the date on which the facility becomes operational; ‘‘(ii) shall pay any applicable Federal permit-ting costs, including the costs for permits issued under section 3005(c) of the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act (42 U.S.C. 6925(c)); and ‘‘(iii) shall store, or pay the cost of storage of, until the time at which a facility designated in subsection (a) is operational, accumulated mer-cury to which the Secretary has title under this subparagraph in a facility that has been issued a permit under section 3005(c) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6925(c)).’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)(iii)’’; and (3) in subsection (g)(2)— (A) in the undesignated material at the end, by striking ‘‘This subparagraph’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) Subparagraph (B)’’; (B) in subparagraph (C) (as added by para-graph (1)), by inserting ‘‘of that subparagraph’’ before the period at the end; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) A generator producing elemental mer-cury incidentally from the beneficiation or proc-essing of ore or related pollution control activi-ties, may accumulate the mercury produced on-site that is destined for a facility designated by the Secretary under subsection (a), for more than 90 days without a permit issued under sec-tion 3005(c) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6925(c)), and shall not be subject to the storage prohibition of section 3004(j) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 6924(j)), if— ‘‘(i) the Secretary is unable to accept the mer-cury at a facility designated by the Secretary under subsection (a) for reasons beyond the con-trol of the generator; ‘‘(ii) the generator certifies in writing to the Secretary that the generator will ship the mer-cury to a designated facility when the Secretary is able to accept the mercury; ‘‘(iii) the generator certifies in writing to the Secretary that the generator is storing only mer-cury the generator has produced or recovered onsite and will not sell, or otherwise place into commerce, the mercury; and ‘‘(iv) the generator has obtained an identifica-tion number under section 262.12 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, and complies with the requirements described in paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 262.34(a) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this subparagraph). ‘‘(E) MANAGEMENT STANDARDS FOR TEM -
PORARY STORAGE .—Not later than January 1, 2017, the Secretary, after consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and State agencies in affected States, shall develop and make available guidance that establishes procedures and standards for the management and short-term storage of elemental mercury at a generator covered under subpara-graph (D), including requirements to ensure ap-propriate use of flasks or other suitable con-tainers. Such procedures and standards shall be protective of human health and the environment and shall ensure that the elemental mercury is stored in a safe, secure, and effective manner. A generator may accumulate mercury in accord-ance with subparagraph (D) immediately upon enactment of this Act, and notwithstanding that guidance called for by this paragraph (E) has not been developed or made available.’’. (b) I
NTERIM STATUS .—Section 5(d)(1) of the Mercury Export Ban Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 6939f(d)(1)) is amended— (1) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘in ex-istence on or before January 1, 2013,’’; and (2) in the last sentence, by striking ‘‘January 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2020’’. (c) M
ERCURY INVENTORY .—Section 8(b) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2607(b)) (as amended by section 10(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) M
ERCURY .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF MERCURY .—In this para-graph, notwithstanding section 3(2)(B), the term ‘mercury’ means— ‘‘(i) elemental mercury; and ‘‘(ii) a mercury compound. ‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than April 1, 2017, and every 3 years thereafter, the Adminis-trator shall publish in the Federal Register an inventory of mercury supply, use, and trade in the United States. ‘‘(C) P
ROCESS .—In carrying out the inventory under subparagraph (B), the Administrator shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3007 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(i) identify any remaining manufacturing processes or products that intentionally add mercury; and ‘‘(ii) recommend actions, including proposed revisions of Federal law (including regulations), to achieve further reductions in mercury use. ‘‘(D) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—To assist in the preparation of the inventory under subparagraph (B), any person who manufactures mercury or mercury- added products or otherwise intentionally uses mercury in a manufacturing process shall make periodic reports to the Administrator, at such time and including such information as the Ad-ministrator shall determine by rule promulgated not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this paragraph. ‘‘(ii) C
OORDINATION .—To avoid duplication, the Administrator shall coordinate the reporting under this subparagraph with the Interstate Mercury Education and Reduction Clearing-house. ‘‘(iii) E
XEMPTION .—This subparagraph shall not apply to a person engaged in the genera-tion, handling, or management of mercury-con-taining waste, unless that person manufactures or recovers mercury in the management of that waste.’’. (d) P
ROHIBITION ON EXPORT OF CERTAIN MER-
CURY COMPOUNDS .—Section 12(c) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2611(c)) (as amended by section 13(3)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
ANDMERCURY COMPOUNDS ’’ after ‘‘M ERCURY ’’; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON EXPORT OF CERTAIN MER -
CURY COMPOUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Effective January 1, 2020, the export of the following mercury compounds is prohibited: ‘‘(i) Mercury (I) chloride or calomel. ‘‘(ii) Mercury (II) oxide. ‘‘(iii) Mercury (II) sulfate. ‘‘(iv) Mercury (II) nitrate. ‘‘(v) Cinnabar or mercury sulphide. ‘‘(vi) Any mercury compound that the Admin-istrator, at the discretion of the Administrator, adds to the list by rule, on determining that ex-porting that mercury compound for the purpose of regenerating elemental mercury is technically feasible. ‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act, and as appropriate thereafter, the Ad-ministrator shall publish in the Federal Register a list of the mercury compounds that are prohib-ited from export under this paragraph. ‘‘(C) P
ETITION .—Any person may petition the Administrator to add to the list of mercury com-pounds prohibited from export. ‘‘(D) E
NVIRONMENTALLY SOUND DISPOSAL .— This paragraph does not prohibit the export of mercury (I) chloride or calomel for environ-mentally sound disposal to member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, on the condition that no mercury or mercury compounds are to be recovered, recy-cled, or reclaimed for use, or directly reused. ‘‘(E) R
EPORT .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall evaluate any exports of calomel for disposal that occurred since that date of enactment and shall submit to Congress a report that contains the following: ‘‘(i) volumes and sources of calomel exported for disposal; ‘‘(ii) receiving countries of such exports; ‘‘(iii) methods of disposal used; ‘‘(iv) issues, if any, presented by the export of calomel; ‘‘(v) evaluation of calomel management op-tions in the United States, if any, that are com-mercially available and comparable in cost and efficacy to methods being utilized in the receiv-ing countries; and ‘‘(vi) a recommendation regarding whether Congress should further limit or prohibit the ex-port of calomel for disposal. ‘‘(F) EFFECT ON OTHER LAW .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to affect the au-thority of the Administrator under Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 30. TREVOR’S LAW. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to provide the appropriate Federal agen-cies with the authority to help conduct inves-tigations into potential cancer clusters; (2) to ensure that Federal agencies have the authority to undertake actions to help address cancer clusters and factors that may contribute to the creation of potential cancer clusters; and (3) to enable Federal agencies to coordinate with other Federal, State, and local agencies, institutes of higher education, and the public in investigating and addressing cancer clusters. (b) D
ESIGNATION AND INVESTIGATION OF PO-
TENTIAL CANCER CLUSTERS .—Part P of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 399V–6. DESIGNATION AND INVESTIGATION OF POTENTIAL CANCER CLUSTERS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
ANCER CLUSTER .—The term ‘cancer clus-ter’ means the incidence of a particular cancer within a population group, a geographical area, or a period of time that is greater than expected for such group, area, or period. ‘‘(2) P
ARTICULAR CANCER .—The term ‘par-ticular cancer’ means one specific type of cancer or a type of cancers scientifically proven to have the same cause. ‘‘(3) P
OPULATION GROUP .—The term ‘popu-lation group’ means a group, for purposes of calculating cancer rates, defined by factors such as race, ethnicity, age, or gender. ‘‘(b) C
RITERIA FOR DESIGNATION OF POTENTIAL  C
ANCER CLUSTERS .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT OF CRITERIA .—The Sec- retary shall develop criteria for the designation of potential cancer clusters. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The criteria developed under paragraph (1) shall consider, as appro-priate— ‘‘(A) a standard for cancer cluster identifica-tion and reporting protocols used to determine when cancer incidence is greater than would be typically observed; ‘‘(B) scientific screening standards that en-sure that a cluster of a particular cancer in-volves the same type of cancer, or types of can-cers; ‘‘(C) the population in which the cluster of a particular cancer occurs by factors such as race, ethnicity, age, and gender, for purposes of cal-culating cancer rates; ‘‘(D) the boundaries of a geographic area in which a cluster of a particular cancer occurs so as not to create or obscure a potential cluster by selection of a specific area; and ‘‘(E) the time period over which the number of cases of a particular cancer, or the calculation of an expected number of cases, occurs. ‘‘(c) G
UIDELINES FOR INVESTIGATION OF PO-
TENTIAL CANCER CLUSTERS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Council of State and Ter-ritorial Epidemiologists and representatives of State and local health departments, shall de-velop, publish, and periodically update guide-lines for investigating potential cancer clusters. The guidelines shall— ‘‘(1) require that investigations of cancer clus-ters— ‘‘(A) use the criteria developed under sub-section (b); ‘‘(B) use the best available science; and ‘‘(C) rely on a weight of the scientific evi-dence; ‘‘(2) provide standardized methods of review-ing and categorizing data, including from health surveillance systems and reports of po-tential cancer clusters; and ‘‘(3) provide guidance for using appropriate epidemiological and other approaches for inves-tigations. ‘‘(d) INVESTIGATION OF CANCER CLUSTERS .— ‘‘(1) S
ECRETARY DISCRETION .—The Secretary— ‘‘(A) in consultation with representatives of the relevant State and local health departments, shall consider whether it is appropriate to con-duct an investigation of a potential cancer clus-ter; and ‘‘(B) in conducting investigations shall have the discretion to prioritize certain potential can-cer clusters, based on the availability of re-sources. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—In investigating poten-tial cancer clusters, the Secretary shall coordi-nate with agencies within the Department of Health and Human Services and other Federal agencies, such as the Environmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(3) B
IOMONITORING .—In investigating poten-tial cancer clusters, the Secretary shall rely on all appropriate biomonitoring information col-lected under other Federal programs, such as the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. The Secretary may provide technical as-sistance for relevant biomonitoring studies of other Federal agencies. ‘‘(e) D
UTIES .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that appropriate staff of agencies within the Department of Health and Human Services are prepared to provide timely assist-ance, to the extent practicable, upon receiving a request to investigate a potential cancer cluster from a State or local health authority; ‘‘(2) maintain staff expertise in epidemiology, toxicology, data analysis, environmental health and cancer surveillance, exposure assessment, pediatric health, pollution control, community outreach, health education, laboratory sampling and analysis, spatial mapping, and informatics; ‘‘(3) consult with community members as in-vestigations into potential cancer clusters are conducted, as the Secretary determines appro-priate; ‘‘(4) collect, store, and disseminate reports on investigations of potential cancer clusters, the possible causes of such clusters, and the actions taken to address such clusters; and ‘‘(5) provide technical assistance for inves-tigating cancer clusters to State and local health departments through existing programs, such as the Epi-Aids program of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Assess-ments of Chemical Exposures program of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Reg-istry.’’. 
MOTION OFFERED BY MR . SHIMKUS  
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Shimkus moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2576 with an amendment inserting the text of Rules Committee Print 114–54, modified by the amendment printed in House Report 114–590, in lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the Senate. 
The text of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted by the Senate, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—CHEMICAL SAFETY Sec. 2. Findings, policy, and intent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.001 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3008 May 24, 2016 
Sec. 3. Definitions. Sec. 4. Testing of chemical substances and mixtures. Sec. 5. Manufacturing and processing no-tices. Sec. 6. Prioritization, risk evaluation, and regulation of chemical sub-stances and mixtures. Sec. 7. Imminent hazards. Sec. 8. Reporting and retention of informa-tion. Sec. 9. Relationship to other Federal laws. Sec. 10. Exports of elemental mercury. Sec. 11. Confidential information. Sec. 12. Penalties. Sec. 13. State-Federal relationship. Sec. 14. Judicial review. Sec. 15. Citizens’ civil actions. Sec. 16. Studies. Sec. 17. Administration of the Act. Sec. 18. State programs. Sec. 19. Conforming amendments. Sec. 20. No retroactivity. Sec. 21. Trevor’s Law. TITLE II—RURAL HEALTHCARE CONNECTIVITY Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. Telecommunications services for skilled nursing facilities. TITLE I—CHEMICAL SAFETY 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS, POLICY, AND INTENT. 
Section 2(c) of the Toxic Substances Con-trol Act (15 U.S.C. 2601(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘proposes to take’’ and inserting ‘‘proposes as provided’’. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2602) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (14) as paragraphs (5), (6), (8), (9), (10), (11), (13), (14), (15), (16), and (17), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) The term ‘conditions of use’ means the circumstances, as determined by the Admin-istrator, under which a chemical substance is intended, known, or reasonably foreseen to be manufactured, processed, distributed in commerce, used, or disposed of.’’; (3) by inserting after paragraph (6), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(7) The term ‘guidance’ means any signifi-cant written guidance of general applica-bility prepared by the Administrator.’’; and (4) by inserting after paragraph (11), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(12) The term ‘potentially exposed or sus-ceptible subpopulation’ means a group of in-dividuals within the general population iden-tified by the Administrator who, due to ei-ther greater susceptibility or greater expo-sure, may be at greater risk than the general population of adverse health effects from ex-posure to a chemical substance or mixture, such as infants, children, pregnant women, workers, or the elderly.’’. 
SEC. 4. TESTING OF CHEMICAL SUBSTANCES AND MIXTURES. 
Section 4 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2603) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘standards’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘protocols and meth-odologies’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘If the Administrator finds’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) If the Adminis-trator finds’’; (B) in paragraph (1), as so designated— (i) by striking ‘‘(1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘(A)(i)(I)’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘(ii)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(II)’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘are insufficient data’’ and inserting ‘‘is insufficient information’’ each place it appears; (iv) by striking ‘‘(iii)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘(III)’’; (v) by striking ‘‘such data’’ and inserting ‘‘such information’’ each place it appears; (vi) by striking ‘‘(B)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘(ii)(I)’’; (vii) by striking ‘‘(I)’’ and inserting ‘‘(aa)’’; (viii) by striking ‘‘(II)’’ and inserting ‘‘(bb)’’; (ix) by striking ‘‘(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B)’’; and (x) in the matter following subparagraph (B), as so redesignated— (I) by inserting ‘‘, or, in the case of a chem-ical substance or mixture described in sub-paragraph (A)(i), by rule, order, or consent agreement,’’ after ‘‘rule’’; (II) by striking ‘‘data’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘information’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘and which are relevant’’ and inserting ‘‘and which is relevant’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) ADDITIONAL TESTING AUTHORITY .—In addition to the authority provided under paragraph (1), the Administrator may, by rule, order, or consent agreement— ‘‘(A) require the development of new infor-mation relating to a chemical substance or mixture if the Administrator determines that the information is necessary— ‘‘(i) to review a notice under section 5 or to perform a risk evaluation under section 6(b); ‘‘(ii) to implement a requirement imposed in a rule, order, or consent agreement under subsection (e) or (f) of section 5 or in a rule promulgated under section 6(a); ‘‘(iii) at the request of a Federal imple-menting authority under another Federal law, to meet the regulatory testing needs of that authority with regard to toxicity and exposure; or ‘‘(iv) pursuant to section 12(a)(2); and ‘‘(B) require the development of new infor-mation for the purposes of prioritizing a chemical substance under section 6(b) only if the Administrator determines that such in-formation is necessary to establish the pri-ority of the substance, subject to the limita-tions that— ‘‘(i) not later than 90 days after the date of receipt of information regarding a chemical substance complying with a rule, order, or consent agreement under this subparagraph, the Administrator shall designate the chem-ical substance as a high-priority substance or a low-priority substance; and ‘‘(ii) information required by the Adminis-trator under this subparagraph shall not be required for the purposes of establishing or implementing a minimum information re-quirement of broader applicability. ‘‘(3) S
TATEMENT OF NEED .—When requiring the development of new information relating to a chemical substance or mixture under paragraph (2), the Administrator shall iden-tify the need for the new information, de-scribe how information reasonably available to the Administrator was used to inform the decision to require new information, explain the basis for any decision that requires the use of vertebrate animals, and, as applicable, explain why issuance of an order is war-ranted instead of promulgating a rule or en-tering into a consent agreement. ‘‘(4) T
IERED TESTING .—When requiring the development of new information under this subsection, the Administrator shall employ a tiered screening and testing process, under which the results of screening-level tests or assessments of available information inform the decision as to whether 1 or more addi-tional tests are necessary, unless informa-tion available to the Administrator justifies more advanced testing of potential health or environmental effects or potential exposure without first conducting screening-level testing.’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘test data’’ and inserting ‘‘information’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘information’’; and (iii) in the matter following subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘infor-mation’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘test data’’ and inserting ‘‘information’’; (II) by inserting ‘‘Protocols and meth-odologies for the development of information may also be prescribed for the assessment of exposure or exposure potential to humans or the environment.’’ after the first sentence; and (III) by striking ‘‘hierarchical tests’’ and inserting ‘‘tiered testing’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘information’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘data’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘information’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or (C), as applicable,’’ after ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘(a)(1)(A)(ii) or (a)(1)(B)(ii)’’ each place it appears in sub-paragraph (B) and inserting ‘‘(a)(1)(A)(i)(II) or (a)(1)(A)(ii)(II)’’; (iv) in subparagraph (B), in the matter be-fore clause (i), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) A rule or order under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a) may require the develop-ment of information by any person who man-ufactures or processes, or intends to manu-facture or process, a chemical substance or mixture subject to the rule or order.’’; (D) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘of data’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘of information’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘test data’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘information’’; and (E) by striking paragraph (5); (4) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘information’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘data’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘infor-mation’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘test data’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘information’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘such data’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘such information’’; and (D) in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘test data’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘infor-mation’’; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘test data’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘information’’; (B) by striking ‘‘such data’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘such information’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘for which data have’’ and inserting ‘‘for which information has’’; (6) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘promulgation of a rule’’ and inserting ‘‘development of information’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘data’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘information’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘ei-ther initiate a rulemaking proceeding under subsection (a) or if such a proceeding is not initiated within such period, publish in the Federal Register the Administrator’s reason for not initiating such a proceeding’’ and in-sert ‘‘issue an order, enter into a consent agreement, or initiate a rulemaking pro-ceeding under subsection (a), or, if such an order or consent agreement is not issued or such a proceeding is not initiated within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3009 May 24, 2016 
such period, publish in the Federal Register the Administrator’s reason for not issuing such an order, entering into such a consent agreement, or initiating such a proceeding’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘eight members’’ and insert-ing ‘‘ten members’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ix) One member appointed by the Chair-man of the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission from Commissioners or employees of the Commission. ‘‘(x) One member appointed by the Com-missioner of Food and Drugs from employees of the Food and Drug Administration.’’; (7) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘test data’’ and inserting ‘‘information’’; and (B) in the matter following paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘or will present’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘from cancer, gene mutations, or birth defects’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘data or’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘appropriate’’ and insert-ing ‘‘applicable’’; and (v) by inserting ‘‘, made without consider-ation of costs or other nonrisk factors,’’ after ‘‘publish in the Federal Register a find-ing’’; (8) in subsection (g)— (A) by amending the subsection heading to read as follows:‘‘P
ETITION FOR PROTOCOLS  
AND METHODOLOGIES FOR THE DEVELOPMENT  
OFINFORMATION ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘test data’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘information’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘submit data’’ and insert-ing ‘‘submit information’’; and (9) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) R
EDUCTION OF TESTING ON  V
ERTEBRATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall reduce and replace, to the extent practicable, scientifically justified, and consistent with the policies of this title, the use of vertebrate animals in the testing of chem-ical substances or mixtures under this title by— ‘‘(A) prior to making a request or adopting a requirement for testing using vertebrate animals, and in accordance with subsection (a)(3), taking into consideration, as appro-priate and to the extent practicable and sci-entifically justified, reasonably available ex-isting information, including— ‘‘(i) toxicity information; ‘‘(ii) computational toxicology and bioinformatics; and ‘‘(iii) high-throughput screening methods and the prediction models of those methods; and ‘‘(B) encouraging and facilitating— ‘‘(i) the use of scientifically valid test methods and strategies that reduce or re-place the use of vertebrate animals while providing information of equivalent or bet-ter scientific quality and relevance that will support regulatory decisions under this title; ‘‘(ii) the grouping of 2 or more chemical substances into scientifically appropriate categories in cases in which testing of a chemical substance would provide scientif-ically valid and useful information on other chemical substances in the category; and ‘‘(iii) the formation of industry consortia to jointly conduct testing to avoid unneces-sary duplication of tests, provided that such consortia make all information from such testing available to the Administrator. ‘‘(2) I
MPLEMENTATION OF ALTERNATIVE TEST -
ING METHODS .—To promote the development and timely incorporation of new scientif-ically valid test methods and strategies that are not based on vertebrate animals, the Ad-ministrator shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, develop a strategic plan to promote the de-velopment and implementation of alter-native test methods and strategies to reduce, refine, or replace vertebrate animal testing and provide information of equivalent or bet-ter scientific quality and relevance for as-sessing risks of injury to health or the envi-ronment of chemical substances or mixtures through, for example— ‘‘(i) computational toxicology and bioinformatics; ‘‘(ii) high-throughput screening methods; ‘‘(iii) testing of categories of chemical sub-stances; ‘‘(iv) tiered testing methods; ‘‘(v) in vitro studies; ‘‘(vi) systems biology; ‘‘(vii) new or revised methods identified by validation bodies such as the Interagency Coordinating Committee on the Validation of Alternative Methods or the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Develop-ment; or ‘‘(viii) industry consortia that develop in-formation submitted under this title; ‘‘(B) as practicable, ensure that the stra-tegic plan developed under subparagraph (A) is reflected in the development of require-ments for testing under this section; ‘‘(C) include in the strategic plan devel-oped under subparagraph (A) a list, which the Administrator shall update on a regular basis, of particular alternative test methods or strategies the Administrator has identi-fied that do not require new vertebrate ani-mal testing and are scientifically reliable, relevant, and capable of providing informa-tion of equivalent or better scientific reli-ability and quality to that which would be obtained from vertebrate animal testing; ‘‘(D) provide an opportunity for public no-tice and comment on the contents of the plan developed under subparagraph (A), in-cluding the criteria for considering scientific reliability and relevance of the test methods and strategies that may be identified pursu-ant to subparagraph (C); ‘‘(E) beginning on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, and every 5 years thereafter, submit to Congress a report that describes the progress made in implementing the plan developed under subparagraph (A) and goals for future alternative test methods and strategies implementation; and ‘‘(F) prioritize and, to the extent con-sistent with available resources and the Ad-ministrator’s other responsibilities under this title, carry out performance assessment, validation, and translational studies to ac-celerate the development of scientifically valid test methods and strategies that re-duce, refine, or replace the use of vertebrate animals, including minimizing duplication, in any testing under this title. ‘‘(3) VOLUNTARY TESTING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any person developing information for submission under this title on a voluntary basis and not pursuant to any request or requirement by the Administrator shall first attempt to develop the informa-tion by means of an alternative test method or strategy identified by the Administrator pursuant to paragraph (2)(C), if the Adminis-trator has identified such a test method or strategy for the development of such infor-mation, before conducting new vertebrate animal testing. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF PARAGRAPH .—Nothing in this paragraph shall, under any cir-cumstance, limit or restrict the submission of any existing information to the Adminis-trator. ‘‘(C) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAW .—A viola- tion of this paragraph shall not be a prohib-ited act under section 15. ‘‘(D) REVIEW OF MEANS .—This paragraph authorizes, but does not require, the Admin-istrator to review the means by which a per-son conducted testing described in subpara-graph (A).’’. 
SEC. 5. MANUFACTURING AND PROCESSING NO-TICES. 
Section 5 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2604) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) Except as provided in subpara-graph (B) of this paragraph and’’; (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively; (iii) by striking all that follows ‘‘signifi-cant new use’’ and inserting a period; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) A person may take the actions de-scribed in subparagraph (A) if— ‘‘(i) such person submits to the Adminis-trator, at least 90 days before such manufac-ture or processing, a notice, in accordance with subsection (d), of such person’s inten-tion to manufacture or process such sub-stance and such person complies with any applicable requirement of, or imposed pursu-ant to, subsection (b), (e), or (f); and ‘‘(ii) the Administrator— ‘‘(I) conducts a review of the notice; and ‘‘(II) makes a determination under sub-paragraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (3) and takes the actions required in association with that determination under such subpara-graph within the applicable review period.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW AND DETERMINATION .—Within the applicable review period, subject to sec-tion 18, the Administrator shall review such notice and determine— ‘‘(A) that the relevant chemical substance or significant new use presents an unreason-able risk of injury to health or the environ-ment, without consideration of costs or other nonrisk factors, including an unrea-sonable risk to a potentially exposed or sus-ceptible subpopulation identified as relevant by the Administrator under the conditions of use, in which case the Administrator shall take the actions required under subsection (f); ‘‘(B) that— ‘‘(i) the information available to the Ad-ministrator is insufficient to permit a rea-soned evaluation of the health and environ-mental effects of the relevant chemical sub-stance or significant new use; or ‘‘(ii)(I) in the absence of sufficient informa-tion to permit the Administrator to make such an evaluation, the manufacture, proc-essing, distribution in commerce, use, or dis-posal of such substance, or any combination of such activities, may present an unreason-able risk of injury to health or the environ-ment, without consideration of costs or other nonrisk factors, including an unrea-sonable risk to a potentially exposed or sus-ceptible subpopulation identified as relevant by the Administrator; or ‘‘(II) such substance is or will be produced in substantial quantities, and such substance either enters or may reasonably be antici-pated to enter the environment in substan-tial quantities or there is or may be signifi-cant or substantial human exposure to the substance, in which case the Administrator shall take the actions required under subsection (e); or ‘‘(C) that the relevant chemical substance or significant new use is not likely to present an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment, without consider-ation of costs or other nonrisk factors, in-cluding an unreasonable risk to a potentially 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3010 May 24, 2016 
exposed or susceptible subpopulation identi-fied as relevant by the Administrator under the conditions of use, in which case the sub-mitter of the notice may commence manu-facture of the chemical substance or manu-facture or processing for a significant new use. ‘‘(4) F
AILURE TO RENDER DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) F
AILURE TO RENDER DETERMINATION .— If the Administrator fails to make a deter-mination on a notice under paragraph (3) by the end of the applicable review period and the notice has not been withdrawn by the submitter, the Administrator shall refund to the submitter all applicable fees charged to the submitter for review of the notice pursu-ant to section 26(b), and the Administrator shall not be relieved of any requirement to make such determination. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—(i) A refund of applica-ble fees under subparagraph (A) shall not be made if the Administrator certifies that the submitter has not provided information re-quired under subsection (b) or has otherwise unduly delayed the process such that the Ad-ministrator is unable to render a determina-tion within the applicable review period. ‘‘(ii) A failure of the Administrator to render a decision shall not be deemed to con-stitute a withdrawal of the notice. ‘‘(iii) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as relieving the Administrator or the submitter of the notice from any require-ment of this section. ‘‘(5) A
RTICLE CONSIDERATION .—The Admin-istrator may require notification under this section for the import or processing of a chemical substance as part of an article or category of articles under paragraph (1)(A)(ii) if the Administrator makes an af-firmative finding in a rule under paragraph (2) that the reasonable potential for exposure to the chemical substance through the arti-cle or category of articles subject to the rule justifies notification.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘T
ESTDATA’’ and inserting ‘‘I NFORMATION ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘test data’’ and inserting ‘‘information’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘such data’’ and inserting ‘‘such information’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘test data’’ and inserting ‘‘information’’; (II) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(A)(i)’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(A)(ii)’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘test data’’ in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘information’’; (II) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘data prescribed’’ and in-serting ‘‘information prescribed’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘Data’’ and inserting ‘‘In-formation’’; (II) by striking ‘‘data’’ both places it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘information’’; (III) by striking ‘‘show’’ and inserting ‘‘shows’’; (IV) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(A)’’ in clause (i) and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(A)(i)’’; and (V) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(B)’’ in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(A)(ii)’’; (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘Data’’ and inserting ‘‘In-formation’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1) or (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1) or (2) of this sub-section or under subsection (e)’’; and (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by inserting ‘‘, without consideration of costs or other nonrisk factors’’ after ‘‘health or the envi-ronment’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘, ex-cept that’’ and all that follows through ‘‘sub-paragraph (A)’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘NOTICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘R EVIEW ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘before which’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subsection may begin’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘test data’’ in paragraph (1)(B) and inserting ‘‘information’’; (B) by striking ‘‘data’’ each place it ap-pears in paragraph (1)(C) and paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘information’’; (C) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘uses or intended uses of such substance’’ and in-serting ‘‘uses of such substance identified in the notice’’; and (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘for which the notification period prescribed by subsection (a), (b), or (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘for which the applicable review period’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘such notification period’’ and inserting ‘‘such period’’; (5) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting ‘‘; or’’; (ii) in clause (ii)(I), by inserting ‘‘without consideration of costs or other nonrisk fac-tors, including an unreasonable risk to a po-tentially exposed subpopulation identified as relevant by the Administrator under the conditions of use;’’ after ‘‘health or the envi-ronment,’’; and (iii) in the matter after clause (ii)(II)— (I) by striking ‘‘may issue a proposed order’’ and inserting ‘‘shall issue an order’’; (II) by striking ‘‘notification period appli-cable to the manufacturing or processing of such substance under subsection (a), (b), (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘applicable review period’’; and (III) by inserting ‘‘to the extent necessary to protect against an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment, without consideration of costs or other nonrisk fac-tors, including an unreasonable risk to a po-tentially exposed or susceptible subpopula-tion identified as relevant by the Adminis-trator under the conditions of use, and the submitter of the notice may commence man-ufacture of the chemical substance, or manu-facture or processing of the chemical sub-stance for a significant new use, including while any required information is being de-veloped, only in compliance with the order’’ before the period at the end; (B) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) by striking ‘‘A proposed order’’ and in-serting ‘‘An order’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘notification period appli-cable to the manufacture or processing of such substance under subsection (a), (b), (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘applicable review period’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘of the proposed order’’ and inserting ‘‘of the order’’; (C) by striking paragraph (1)(C); and (D) by striking paragraph (2); (6) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘finds that there is a rea-sonable basis to conclude that the manufac-ture, processing, distribution in commerce, use, or disposal of a chemical substance with’’ and inserting ‘‘determines that a chemical substance or significant new use with’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘, or that any combination of such activities,’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘or will present’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘before a rule promulgated under section 6 can protect against such risk,’’ and inserting ‘‘, without consideration of costs or other nonrisk factors, including an unreasonable risk to a potentially ex-posed subpopulation identified as relevant by the Administrator under the conditions of use,’’; and (v) by striking ‘‘notification period appli-cable under subsection (a), (b), or (c) to the manufacturing or processing of such sub-stance’’ and inserting ‘‘applicable review pe-riod’’; (B) in paragraph (2), the matter following subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Section 6(d)(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 6(d)(3)(B)’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘Administrator may’’ and all that follows through ‘‘issue a proposed order to prohibit the’’ and inserting ‘‘Admin-istrator may issue an order to prohibit or limit the’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘under paragraph (1)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘processing of such substance.’’ and inserting ‘‘under paragraph (1). Such order shall take effect on the expi-ration of the applicable review period.’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and redes-ignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); (iii) in subparagraph (B), as so redesig-nated— (I) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B) and (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; (II) by striking ‘‘clause (i) of’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘; and the provisions of subparagraph (C) of subsection (e)(2) shall apply with respect to an injunction issued under subparagraph (B)’’; and (iv) by striking subparagraph (D); and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF NONCONFORMING USES .— Not later than 90 days after taking an action under paragraph (2) or (3) or issuing an order under subsection (e) relating to a chemical substance with respect to which the Admin-istrator has made a determination under subsection (a)(3)(A) or (B), the Administrator shall consider whether to promulgate a rule pursuant to subsection (a)(2) that identifies as a significant new use any manufacturing, processing, use, distribution in commerce, or disposal of the chemical substance that does not conform to the restrictions imposed by the action or order, and, as applicable, ini-tiate such a rulemaking or publish a state-ment describing the reasons of the Adminis-trator for not initiating such a rulemaking. ‘‘(5) W
ORKPLACE EXPOSURES .—To the extent practicable, the Administrator shall consult with the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health prior to adopting any prohibition or other restriction relating to a chemical substance with re-spect to which the Administrator has made a determination under subsection (a)(3)(A) or (B) to address workplace exposures.’’; (7) by amending subsection (g) to read as follows: ‘‘(g) S
TATEMENT ON ADMINISTRATOR FIND-
ING.—If the Administrator finds in accord-ance with subsection (a)(3)(C) that a chem-ical substance or significant new use is not likely to present an unreasonable risk of in-jury to health or the environment, then not-withstanding any remaining portion of the applicable review period, the submitter of the notice may commence manufacture of the chemical substance or manufacture or processing for the significant new use, and the Administrator shall make public a state-ment of the Administrator’s finding. Such a statement shall be submitted for publication in the Federal Register as soon as is prac-ticable before the expiration of such period. Publication of such statement in accordance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3011 May 24, 2016 
with the preceding sentence is not a pre-requisite to the manufacturing or processing of the substance with respect to which the statement is to be published.’’; (8) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding an unreasonable risk to a potentially exposed or susceptible subpopulation identi-fied by the Administrator for the specific conditions of use identified in the applica-tion’’ after ‘‘health or the environment’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘data’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘infor-mation’’; and (C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘. A rule promulgated’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section 6(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘, including an unreasonable risk to a potentially exposed or susceptible subpopulation identified by the Administrator under the conditions of use’’; and (9) by amending subsection (i) to read as follows: ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—(1) For purposes of this section, the terms ‘manufacture’ and ‘proc-ess’ mean manufacturing or processing for commercial purposes. ‘‘(2) For purposes of this Act, the term ‘re-quirement’ as used in this section shall not displace any statutory or common law. ‘‘(3) For purposes of this section, the term ‘applicable review period’ means the period starting on the date the Administrator re-ceives a notice under subsection (a)(1) and ending 90 days after that date, or on such date as is provided for in subsection (b)(1) or (c).’’. 
SEC. 6. PRIORITIZATION, RISK EVALUATION, AND REGULATION OF CHEMICAL SUB-STANCES AND MIXTURES. 
Section 6 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2605) is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and in-serting ‘‘
PRIORITIZATION , RISK EVALUATION , AND 
REGULATION OF CHEMICAL SUBSTANCES AND MIX -
TURES ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘finds that there is a rea-sonable basis to conclude’’ and inserting ‘‘de-termines in accordance with subsection (b)(4)(A)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘or will present’’; (C) by inserting ‘‘and subject to section 18, and in accordance with subsection (c)(2),’’ after ‘‘shall by rule’’; (D) by striking ‘‘to protect adequately against such risk using the least burdensome requirements’’ and inserting ‘‘so that the chemical substance or mixture no longer pre-sents such risk’’; (E) by inserting ‘‘or otherwise restricting’’ after ‘‘prohibiting’’ in paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(A); (F) by inserting ‘‘minimum’’ before ‘‘warn-ings’’ both places it appears in paragraph (3); (G) by striking ‘‘and monitor or conduct tests’’ and inserting ‘‘or monitor or conduct tests’’ in paragraph (4); and (H) in paragraph (7)— (i) by striking ‘‘such unreasonable risk of injury’’ and inserting ‘‘such determination’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘such risk of injury’’ and inserting ‘‘such determination’’; (3) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) R
ISKEVALUATIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
RIORITIZATION FOR RISK EVALUA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROCESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall establish, by rule, a risk-based screen-ing process, including criteria for desig-nating chemical substances as high-priority substances for risk evaluations or low-pri-ority substances for which risk evaluations are not warranted at the time. The process to designate the priority of chemical sub-stances shall include a consideration of the hazard and exposure potential of a chemical substance or a category of chemical sub-stances (including consideration of persist-ence and bioaccumulation, potentially ex-posed or susceptible subpopulations and stor-age near significant sources of drinking water), the conditions of use or significant changes in the conditions of use of the chem-ical substance, and the volume or significant changes in the volume of the chemical sub-stance manufactured or processed. ‘‘(B) IDENTIFICATION OF PRIORITIES FOR RISK  
EVALUATION .— ‘‘(i) H
IGH-PRIORITY SUBSTANCES .—The Ad- ministrator shall designate as a high-pri-ority substance a chemical substance that the Administrator concludes, without con-sideration of costs or other nonrisk factors, may present an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment because of a potential hazard and a potential route of ex-posure under the conditions of use, including an unreasonable risk to a potentially ex-posed or susceptible subpopulation identified as relevant by the Administrator. ‘‘(ii) L
OW-PRIORITY SUBSTANCES .—The Ad- ministrator shall designate a chemical sub-stance as a low-priority substance if the Ad-ministrator concludes, based on information sufficient to establish, without consideration of costs or other nonrisk factors, that such substance does not meet the standard identi-fied in clause (i) for designating a chemical substance a high-priority substance. ‘‘(C) I
NFORMATION REQUEST AND REVIEW AND  
PROPOSED AND FINAL PRIORITIZATION DESIGNA -
TION.—The rulemaking required in subpara-graph (A) shall ensure that the time required to make a priority designation of a chemical substance be no shorter than nine months and no longer than 1 year, and that the proc-ess for such designations includes— ‘‘(i) a requirement that the Administrator request interested persons to submit rel-evant information on a chemical substance that the Administrator has initiated the prioritization process on, before proposing a priority designation for the chemical sub-stance, and provide 90 days for such informa-tion to be provided; ‘‘(ii) a requirement that the Administrator publish each proposed designation of a chem-ical substance as a high- or low-priority sub-stance, along with an identification of the information, analysis, and basis used to make the proposed designations, and provide 90 days for public comment on each such pro-posed designation; and ‘‘(iii) a process by which the Administrator may extend the deadline in clause (i) for up to three months in order to receive or evalu-ate information required to be submitted in accordance with section 4(a)(2)(B), subject to the limitation that if the information avail-able to the Administrator at the end of such an extension remains insufficient to enable the designation of the chemical substance as a low-priority substance, the Administrator shall designate the chemical substance as a high-priority substance. ‘‘(2) I
NITIAL RISK EVALUATIONS AND SUBSE -
QUENT DESIGNATIONS OF HIGH - AND LOW -PRI-
ORITY SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
NITIAL RISK EVALUATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall ensure that risk evaluations are being conducted on 10 chemical substances drawn from the 2014 update of the TSCA Work Plan for Chemical Assessments and shall publish the list of such chemical substances during the 180 day period. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL RISK EVALUATIONS .—Not later than three and one half years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall ensure that risk evaluations are being conducted on at least 20 high-priority substances and that at least 20 chemical substances have been des-ignated as low-priority substances, subject to the limitation that at least 50 percent of all chemical substances on which risk eval-uations are being conducted by the Adminis-trator are drawn from the 2014 update of the TSCA Work Plan for Chemical Assessments. ‘‘(C) CONTINUING DESIGNATIONS AND RISK  
EVALUATIONS .—The Administrator shall con-tinue to designate priority substances and conduct risk evaluations in accordance with this subsection at a pace consistent with the ability of the Administrator to complete risk evaluations in accordance with the deadlines under paragraph (4)(G). ‘‘(D) P
REFERENCE .—In designating high- priority substances, the Administrator shall give preference to— ‘‘(i) chemical substances that are listed in the 2014 update of the TSCA Work Plan for Chemical Assessments as having a Persist-ence and Bioaccumulation Score of 3; and ‘‘(ii) chemical substances that are listed in the 2014 update of the TSCA Work Plan for Chemical Assessments that are known human carcinogens and have high acute and chronic toxicity. ‘‘(E) M
ETALS AND METAL COMPOUNDS .—In identifying priorities for risk evaluation and conducting risk evaluations of metals and metal compounds, the Administrator shall use the Framework for Metals Risk Assess-ment of the Office of the Science Advisor, Risk Assessment Forum, and dated March 2007, or a successor document that addresses metals risk assessment and is peer reviewed by the Science Advisory Board. ‘‘(3) I
NITIATION OF RISK EVALUATIONS ; DES-
IGNATIONS .— ‘‘(A) R
ISK EVALUATION INITIATION .—Upon designating a chemical substance as a high- priority substance, the Administrator shall initiate a risk evaluation on the substance. ‘‘(B) R
EVISION .—The Administrator may re-vise the designation of a low-priority sub-stance based on information made available to the Administrator. ‘‘(C) O
NGOING DESIGNATIONS .—The Adminis-trator shall designate at least one high-pri-ority substance upon the completion of each risk evaluation (other than risk evaluations for chemical substances designated under paragraph (4)(C)(ii)). ‘‘(4) R
ISK EVALUATION PROCESS AND DEAD -
LINES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall conduct risk evaluations pursuant to this paragraph to determine whether a chemical substance presents an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment, without consideration of costs or other nonrisk fac-tors, including an unreasonable risk to a po-tentially exposed or susceptible subpopula-tion identified as relevant to the risk evalua-tion by the Administrator, under the condi-tions of use. ‘‘(B) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROCESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall establish, by rule, a process to conduct risk evaluations in accordance with subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Administrator shall conduct and publish risk evaluations, in accordance with the rule promulgated under subparagraph (B), for a chemical sub-stance— ‘‘(i) that has been identified under para-graph (2)(A) or designated under paragraph (1)(B)(i); and ‘‘(ii) subject to subparagraph (E), that a manufacturer of the chemical substance has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3012 May 24, 2016 
requested, in a form and manner and using the criteria prescribed by the Administrator in the rule promulgated under subparagraph (B), be subjected to a risk evaluation. ‘‘(D) S
COPE.—The Administrator shall, not later than 6 months after the initiation of a risk evaluation, publish the scope of the risk evaluation to be conducted, including the hazards, exposures, conditions of use, and the potentially exposed or susceptible sub-populations the Administrator expects to consider, and, for each designation of a high- priority substance, ensure not less than 12 months between the initiation of the prioritization process for the chemical sub-stance and the publication of the scope of the risk evaluation for the chemical sub-stance, and for risk evaluations conducted on chemical substances that have been iden-tified under paragraph (2)(A) or selected under subparagraph (E)(iv)(II) of this para-graph, ensure not less than 3 months before the Administrator publishes the scope of the risk evaluation. ‘‘(E) L
IMITATION AND CRITERIA .— ‘‘(i) P
ERCENTAGE REQUIREMENTS .—The Ad- ministrator shall ensure that, of the number of chemical substances that undergo a risk evaluation under clause (i) of subparagraph (C), the number of chemical substances un-dergoing a risk evaluation under clause (ii) of subparagraph (C) is— ‘‘(I) not less than 25 percent, if sufficient requests are made under clause (ii) of sub-paragraph (C); and ‘‘(II) not more than 50 percent. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUESTED RISK EVALUATIONS .—Re- quests for risk evaluations under subpara-graph (C)(ii) shall be subject to the payment of fees pursuant to section 26(b), and the Ad-ministrator shall not expedite or otherwise provide special treatment to such risk eval-uations. ‘‘(iii) P
REFERENCE .—In deciding whether to grant requests under subparagraph (C)(ii), the Administrator shall give preference to requests for risk evaluations on chemical substances for which the Administrator de-termines that restrictions imposed by 1 or more States have the potential to have a sig-nificant impact on interstate commerce or health or the environment. ‘‘(iv) E
XCEPTIONS .—(I) Chemical substances for which requests have been granted under subparagraph (C)(ii) shall not be subject to section 18(b). ‘‘(II) Requests for risk evaluations on chemical substances which are made under subparagraph (C)(ii) and that are drawn from the 2014 update of the TSCA Work Plan for Chemical Assessments shall be granted at the discretion of the Administrator and not be subject to clause (i)(II). ‘‘(F) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In conducting a risk evaluation under this subsection, the Admin-istrator shall— ‘‘(i) integrate and assess available informa-tion on hazards and exposures for the condi-tions of use of the chemical substance, in-cluding information that is relevant to spe-cific risks of injury to health or the environ-ment and information on potentially exposed or susceptible subpopulations identified as relevant by the Administrator; ‘‘(ii) describe whether aggregate or sen-tinel exposures to a chemical substance under the conditions of use were considered, and the basis for that consideration; ‘‘(iii) not consider costs or other nonrisk factors; ‘‘(iv) take into account, where relevant, the likely duration, intensity, frequency, and number of exposures under the condi-tions of use of the chemical substance; and ‘‘(v) describe the weight of the scientific evidence for the identified hazard and expo-sure. ‘‘(G) D
EADLINES .—The Administrator— ‘‘(i) shall complete a risk evaluation for a chemical substance as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 years after the date on which the Administrator initiates the risk evaluation under subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(ii) may extend the deadline for a risk evaluation for not more than 6 months. ‘‘(H) NOTICE AND COMMENT .—The Adminis-trator shall provide no less than 30 days pub-lic notice and an opportunity for comment on a draft risk evaluation prior to publishing a final risk evaluation.’’; (4) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) P
ROMULGATION OF SUBSECTION (a) R
ULES .— ‘‘(1) D
EADLINES .—If the Administrator de-termines that a chemical substance presents an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment in accordance with sub-section (b)(4)(A), the Administrator— ‘‘(A) shall propose in the Federal Register a rule under subsection (a) for the chemical substance not later than 1 year after the date on which the final risk evaluation re-garding the chemical substance is published; ‘‘(B) shall publish in the Federal Register a final rule not later than 2 years after the date on which the final risk evaluation re-garding the chemical substance is published; and ‘‘(C) may extend the deadlines under this paragraph for not more than two years, sub-ject to the condition that the aggregate length of extensions under this subparagraph and subsection (b)(4)(G)(ii) does not exceed two years, and subject to the limitation that the Administrator may not extend a deadline for the publication of a proposed or final rule regarding a chemical substance drawn from the 2014 update of the TSCA Work Plan for Chemical Assessments or a chemical sub-stance that, with respect to persistence and bioaccumulation, scores high for 1 and either high or moderate for the other, pursuant to the TSCA Work Plan Chemicals Methods Document published by the Administrator in February 2012 (or a successor scoring sys-tem), without adequate public justification that demonstrates, following a review of the information reasonably available to the Ad-ministrator, that the Administrator cannot complete the proposed or final rule without additional information regarding the chem-ical substance. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR RULE .— ‘‘(A) S
TATEMENT OF EFFECTS .—In proposing and promulgating a rule under subsection (a) with respect to a chemical substance or mix-ture, the Administrator shall consider and publish a statement based on reasonably available information with respect to— ‘‘(i) the effects of the chemical substance or mixture on health and the magnitude of the exposure of human beings to the chem-ical substance or mixture; ‘‘(ii) the effects of the chemical substance or mixture on the environment and the mag-nitude of the exposure of the environment to such substance or mixture; ‘‘(iii) the benefits of the chemical sub-stance or mixture for various uses; and ‘‘(iv) the reasonably ascertainable eco-nomic consequences of the rule, including consideration of— ‘‘(I) the likely effect of the rule on the na-tional economy, small business, techno-logical innovation, the environment, and public health; ‘‘(II) the costs and benefits of the proposed and final regulatory action and of the 1 or more primary alternative regulatory actions considered by the Administrator; and ‘‘(III) the cost effectiveness of the proposed regulatory action and of the 1 or more pri-mary alternative regulatory actions consid-ered by the Administrator. ‘‘(B) SELECTING REQUIREMENTS .—In select-ing among prohibitions and other restric-tions, the Administrator shall factor in, to the extent practicable, the considerations under subparagraph (A) in accordance with subsection (a). ‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATION OF ALTERNATIVES .— Based on the information published under subparagraph (A), in deciding whether to prohibit or restrict in a manner that sub-stantially prevents a specific condition of use of a chemical substance or mixture, and in setting an appropriate transition period for such action, the Administrator shall con-sider, to the extent practicable, whether technically and economically feasible alter-natives that benefit health or the environ-ment, compared to the use so proposed to be prohibited or restricted, will be reasonably available as a substitute when the proposed prohibition or other restriction takes effect. ‘‘(D) R
EPLACEMENT PARTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall exempt replacement parts for complex dura-ble goods and complex consumer goods that are designed prior to the date of publication in the Federal Register of the rule under sub-section (a), unless the Administrator finds that such replacement parts contribute sig-nificantly to the risk, identified in a risk evaluation conducted under subsection (b)(4)(A), to the general population or to an identified potentially exposed or susceptible subpopulation. ‘‘(ii) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subparagraph— ‘‘(I) the term ‘complex consumer goods’ means electronic or mechanical devices com-posed of multiple manufactured components, with an intended useful life of 3 or more years, where the product is typically not consumed, destroyed, or discarded after a single use, and the components of which would be impracticable to redesign or re-place; and ‘‘(II) the term ‘complex durable goods’ means manufactured goods composed of 100 or more manufactured components, with an intended useful life of 5 or more years, where the product is typically not consumed, de-stroyed, or discarded after a single use. ‘‘(E) A
RTICLES .—In selecting among prohi-bitions and other restrictions, the Adminis-trator shall apply such prohibitions or other restrictions to an article or category of arti-cles containing the chemical substance or mixture only to the extent necessary to ad-dress the identified risks from exposure to the chemical substance or mixture from the article or category of articles so that the substance or mixture does not present an un-reasonable risk of injury to health or the en-vironment identified in the risk evaluation conducted in accordance with subsection (b)(4)(A). ‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURES .—When prescribing a rule under subsection (a) the Administrator shall proceed in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code (without regard to any reference in such section to sections 556 and 557 of such title), and shall also— ‘‘(A) publish a notice of proposed rule-making stating with particularity the reason for the proposed rule; ‘‘(B) allow interested persons to submit written data, views, and arguments, and make all such submissions publicly avail-able; ‘‘(C) promulgate a final rule based on the matter in the rulemaking record; and ‘‘(D) make and publish with the rule the determination described in subsection (a).’’; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In any rule under sub-section (a), the Administrator shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3013 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(A) specify the date on which it shall take effect, which date shall be as soon as prac-ticable; ‘‘(B) except as provided in subparagraphs (C) and (D), specify mandatory compliance dates for all of the requirements under a rule under subsection (a), which shall be as soon as practicable, but not later than 5 years after the date of promulgation of the rule, except in a case of a use exempted under sub-section (g); ‘‘(C) specify mandatory compliance dates for the start of ban or phase-out require-ments under a rule under subsection (a), which shall be as soon as practicable, but not later than 5 years after the date of promul-gation of the rule, except in the case of a use exempted under subsection (g); ‘‘(D) specify mandatory compliance dates for full implementation of ban or phase-out requirements under a rule under subsection (a), which shall be as soon as practicable; and ‘‘(E) provide for a reasonable transition pe-riod. ‘‘(2) V
ARIABILITY .—As determined by the Administrator, the compliance dates estab-lished under paragraph (1) may vary for dif-ferent affected persons.’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘upon its publication’’ and all that follows through ‘‘respecting such rule if’’ and inserting ‘‘, and compliance with the proposed requirements to be mandatory, upon publication in the Federal Register of the proposed rule and until the compliance dates applicable to such requirements in a final rule promulgated under section 6(a) or until the Administrator revokes such pro-posed rule, in accordance with subparagraph (B), if’’; and (II) in clause (i)(I), by inserting ‘‘without consideration of costs or other non-risk fac-tors’’ after ‘‘effective date’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, pro-vide reasonable opportunity’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘in accordance with subsection (c), and either promulgate such rule (as proposed or with modifications) or revoke it.’’; (6) in subsection (e)(4), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (2), (3), and (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (3)’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(g) E
XEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
RITERIA FOR EXEMPTION .—The Admin-istrator may, as part of a rule promulgated under subsection (a), or in a separate rule, grant an exemption from a requirement of a subsection (a) rule for a specific condition of use of a chemical substance or mixture, if the Administrator finds that— ‘‘(A) the specific condition of use is a crit-ical or essential use for which no technically and economically feasible safer alternative is available, taking into consideration haz-ard and exposure; ‘‘(B) compliance with the requirement, as applied with respect to the specific condition of use, would significantly disrupt the na-tional economy, national security, or crit-ical infrastructure; or ‘‘(C) the specific condition of use of the chemical substance or mixture, as compared to reasonably available alternatives, pro-vides a substantial benefit to health, the en-vironment, or public safety. ‘‘(2) E
XEMPTION ANALYSIS AND STATE -
MENT .—In proposing an exemption under this subsection, the Administrator shall analyze the need for the exemption, and shall make public the analysis and a statement describ-ing how the analysis was taken into account. ‘‘(3) P
ERIOD OF EXEMPTION .—The Adminis-trator shall establish, as part of a rule under this subsection, a time limit on any exemp-tion for a time to be determined by the Ad-ministrator as reasonable on a case-by-case basis, and, by rule, may extend, modify, or eliminate an exemption if the Administrator determines, on the basis of reasonably avail-able information and after adequate public justification, the exemption warrants exten-sion or modification or is no longer nec-essary. ‘‘(4) CONDITIONS .—As part of a rule promul-gated under this subsection, the Adminis-trator shall include conditions, including reasonable recordkeeping, monitoring, and reporting requirements, to the extent that the Administrator determines the conditions are necessary to protect health and the envi-ronment while achieving the purposes of the exemption. ‘‘(h) C
HEMICALS THATAREPERSISTENT , BIO-
ACCUMULATIVE , ANDTOXIC.— ‘‘(1) E
XPEDITED ACTION .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall propose rules under subsection (a) with respect to chemical substances identified in the 2014 update of the TSCA Work Plan for Chemical Assessments— ‘‘(A) that the Administrator has a reason-able basis to conclude are toxic and that with respect to persistence and bioaccumula-tion score high for one and either high or moderate for the other, pursuant to the TSCA Work Plan Chemicals Methods Docu-ment published by the Administrator in Feb-ruary 2012 (or a successor scoring system), and are not a metal or a metal compound, and for which the Administrator has not completed a Work Plan Problem Formula-tion, initiated a review under section 5, or entered into a consent agreement under sec-tion 4, prior to the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act; and ‘‘(B) exposure to which under the condi-tions of use is likely to the general popu-lation or to a potentially exposed or suscep-tible subpopulation identified by the Admin-istrator, or the environment, on the basis of an exposure and use assessment conducted by the Administrator. ‘‘(2) N
O RISK EVALUATION REQUIRED .—The Administrator shall not be required to con-duct risk evaluations on chemical substances that are subject to paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) F
INAL RULE .—Not later than 18 months after proposing a rule pursuant to paragraph (1), the Administrator shall promulgate a final rule under subsection (a). ‘‘(4) S
ELECTING RESTRICTIONS .—In selecting among prohibitions and other restrictions promulgated in a rule under subsection (a) pursuant to paragraph (1), the Administrator shall address the risks of injury to health or the environment that the Administrator de-termines are presented by the chemical sub-stance and shall reduce exposure to the sub-stance to the extent practicable. ‘‘(5) R
ELATIONSHIP TO SUBSECTION (b).—If, at any time prior to the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator makes a des-ignation under subsection (b)(1)(B)(i), or re-ceives a request under subsection (b)(4)(C)(ii), such chemical substance shall not be subject to this subsection, except that in selecting among prohibitions and other re-strictions promulgated in a rule pursuant to subsection (a), the Administrator shall both ensure that the chemical substance meets the rulemaking standard under subsection (a) and reduce exposure to the substance to the extent practicable. ‘‘(i) F
INAL AGENCY ACTION .—Under this sec-tion and subject to section 18— ‘‘(1) a determination by the Administrator under subsection (b)(4)(A) that a chemical substance does not present an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment shall be issued by order and considered to be a final agency action, effective beginning on the date of issuance of the order; and ‘‘(2) a final rule promulgated under sub-section (a), including the associated deter-mination by the Administrator under sub-section (b)(4)(A) that a chemical substance presents an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment, shall be consid-ered to be a final agency action, effective be-ginning on the date of promulgation of the final rule. ‘‘(j) DEFINITION .—For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘requirement’ as used in this section shall not displace statutory or com-mon law.’’. 
SEC. 7. IMMINENT HAZARDS. 
Section 7 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2606) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘(as identified by the Administrator without con-sideration of costs or other nonrisk factors)’’ after ‘‘from the unreasonable risk’’; and (2) in subsection (f), by inserting ‘‘, with-out consideration of costs or other nonrisk factors’’ after ‘‘widespread injury to health or the environment’’. 
SEC. 8. REPORTING AND RETENTION OF INFOR-MATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2607) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking the matter that follows subparagraph (G); (B) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, and not less frequently than once every 10 years thereafter, the Administrator, after consultation with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, shall— ‘‘(i) review the adequacy of the standards prescribed under subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(ii) after providing public notice and an opportunity for comment, make a deter-mination as to whether revision of the stand-ards is warranted.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
ONTENTS .—The rules promulgated pursuant to paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) may impose differing reporting and recordkeeping requirements on manufactur-ers and processors; and ‘‘(B) shall include the level of detail nec-essary to be reported, including the manner by which use and exposure information may be reported. ‘‘(5) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out this section, the Administrator shall, to the ex-tent feasible— ‘‘(A) not require reporting which is unnec-essary or duplicative; ‘‘(B) minimize the cost of compliance with this section and the rules issued thereunder on small manufacturers and processors; and ‘‘(C) apply any reporting obligations to those persons likely to have information rel-evant to the effective implementation of this title. ‘‘(6) N
EGOTIATED RULEMAKING .—(A) The Ad-ministrator shall enter into a negotiated rulemaking pursuant to subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, to develop and publish, not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, a proposed rule providing for limiting the reporting requirements, under this subsection, for manufacturers of any in-organic byproducts, when such byproducts, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3014 May 24, 2016 
whether by the byproduct manufacturer or by any other person, are subsequently recy-cled, reused, or reprocessed. ‘‘(B) Not later than 3 and one-half years after such date of enactment, the Adminis-trator shall publish a final rule resulting from such negotiated rulemaking.’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) N
OMENCLATURE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) maintain the use of Class 2 nomen-clature in use on the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act; ‘‘(ii) maintain the use of the Soap and De-tergent Association Nomenclature System, published in March 1978 by the Adminis-trator in section 1 of addendum III of the document entitled ‘Candidate List of Chem-ical Substances’, and further described in the appendix A of volume I of the 1985 edition of the Toxic Substances Control Act Sub-stances Inventory (EPA Document No. EPA– 560/7–85–002a); and ‘‘(iii) treat the individual members of the categories of chemical substances identified by the Administrator as statutory mixtures, as defined in Inventory descriptions estab-lished by the Administrator, as being in-cluded on the list established under para-graph (1). ‘‘(B) M
ULTIPLE NOMENCLATURE LISTINGS .—If a manufacturer or processor demonstrates to the Administrator that a chemical substance appears multiple times on the list published under paragraph (1) under different CAS numbers, the Administrator may recognize the multiple listings as a single chemical substance. ‘‘(4) C
HEMICAL SUBSTANCES IN COMMERCE .— ‘‘(A) R
ULES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator, by rule, shall require manufacturers, and may re-quire processors, subject to the limitations under subsection (a)(5)(A), to notify the Ad-ministrator, by not later than 180 days after the date on which the final rule is published in the Federal Register, of each chemical substance on the list published under para-graph (1) that the manufacturer or processor, as applicable, has manufactured or processed for a nonexempt commercial purpose during the 10-year period ending on the day before the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lau-tenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. ‘‘(ii) A
CTIVE SUBSTANCES .—The Adminis-trator shall designate chemical substances for which notices are received under clause (i) to be active substances on the list pub-lished under paragraph (1). ‘‘(iii) I
NACTIVE SUBSTANCES .—The Adminis-trator shall designate chemical substances for which no notices are received under clause (i) to be inactive substances on the list published under paragraph (1). ‘‘(iv) L
IMITATION .—No chemical substance on the list published under paragraph (1) shall be removed from such list by reason of the implementation of this subparagraph, or be subject to section 5(a)(1)(A)(i) by reason of a change to active status under paragraph (5)(B). ‘‘(B) C
ONFIDENTIAL CHEMICAL SUBSTANCES .— In promulgating a rule under subparagraph (A), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) maintain the list under paragraph (1), which shall include a confidential portion and a nonconfidential portion consistent with this section and section 14; ‘‘(ii) require any manufacturer or processor of a chemical substance on the confidential portion of the list published under paragraph (1) that seeks to maintain an existing claim for protection against disclosure of the spe-cific chemical identity of the chemical sub-stance as confidential pursuant to section 14 to submit a notice under subparagraph (A) that includes such request; ‘‘(iii) require the substantiation of those claims pursuant to section 14 and in accord-ance with the review plan described in sub-paragraph (C); and ‘‘(iv) move any active chemical substance for which no request was received to main-tain an existing claim for protection against disclosure of the specific chemical identity of the chemical substance as confidential from the confidential portion of the list pub-lished under paragraph (1) to the noncon-fidential portion of that list. ‘‘(C) REVIEW PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Administrator compiles the initial list of active substances pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Adminis-trator shall promulgate a rule that estab-lishes a plan to review all claims to protect the specific chemical identities of chemical substances on the confidential portion of the list published under paragraph (1) that are asserted pursuant to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(D) R
EQUIREMENTS OF REVIEW PLAN .—In establishing the review plan under subpara-graph (C), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) require, at a time specified by the Ad-ministrator, all manufacturers or processors asserting claims under subparagraph (B) to substantiate the claim, in accordance with section 14, unless the manufacturer or proc-essor has substantiated the claim in a sub-mission made to the Administrator during the 5-year period ending on the last day of the of the time period specified by the Ad-ministrator; and ‘‘(ii) in accordance with section 14— ‘‘(I) review each substantiation— ‘‘(aa) submitted pursuant to clause (i) to determine if the claim qualifies for protec-tion from disclosure; and ‘‘(bb) submitted previously by a manufac-turer or processor and relied on in lieu of the substantiation required pursuant to clause (i), if the substantiation has not been pre-viously reviewed by the Administrator, to determine if the claim warrants protection from disclosure; ‘‘(II) approve, approve in part and deny in part, or deny each claim; and ‘‘(III) except as provided in this section and section 14, protect from disclosure informa-tion for which the Administrator approves such a claim for a period of 10 years, unless, prior to the expiration of the period— ‘‘(aa) the person notifies the Administrator that the person is withdrawing the claim, in which case the Administrator shall not pro-tect the information from disclosure; or ‘‘(bb) the Administrator otherwise becomes aware that the information does not qualify for protection from disclosure, in which case the Administrator shall take the actions de-scribed in section 14(g)(2). ‘‘(E) T
IMELINE FOR COMPLETION OF RE -
VIEWS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall implement the review plan so as to complete reviews of all claims specified in subpara-graph (C) not later than 5 years after the date on which the Administrator compiles the initial list of active substances pursuant to subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may extend the deadline for completion of the re-views for not more than 2 additional years, after an adequate public justification, if the Administrator determines that the extension is necessary based on the number of claims needing review and the available resources. ‘‘(II) A
NNUAL REVIEW GOAL AND RESULTS .— At the beginning of each year, the Adminis-trator shall publish an annual goal for re-views and the number of reviews completed in the prior year. ‘‘(5) ACTIVE AND INACTIVE SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall keep designations of active substances and inactive substances on the list published under paragraph (1) current. ‘‘(B) C
HANGE TO ACTIVE STATUS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any person that intends to manufacture or process for a nonexempt commercial purpose a chemical substance that is designated as an inactive substance shall notify the Administrator before the date on which the inactive substance is man-ufactured or processed. ‘‘(ii) C
ONFIDENTIAL CHEMICAL IDENTITY .—If a person submitting a notice under clause (i) for an inactive substance on the confidential portion of the list published under paragraph (1) seeks to maintain an existing claim for protection against disclosure of the specific chemical identity of the inactive substance as confidential, the person shall, consistent with the requirements of section 14— ‘‘(I) in the notice submitted under clause (i), assert the claim; and ‘‘(II) by not later than 30 days after pro-viding the notice under clause (i), substan-tiate the claim. ‘‘(iii) A
CTIVE STATUS .—On receiving a noti-fication under clause (i), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(I) designate the applicable chemical sub-stance as an active substance; ‘‘(II) pursuant to section 14, promptly re-view any claim and associated substan-tiation submitted pursuant to clause (ii) for protection against disclosure of the specific chemical identity of the chemical substance and approve, approve in part and deny in part, or deny the claim; ‘‘(III) except as provided in this section and section 14, protect from disclosure the spe-cific chemical identity of the chemical sub-stance for which the Administrator approves a claim under subclause (II) for a period of 10 years, unless, prior to the expiration of the period— ‘‘(aa) the person notifies the Administrator that the person is withdrawing the claim, in which case the Administrator shall not pro-tect the information from disclosure; or ‘‘(bb) the Administrator otherwise becomes aware that the information does not qualify for protection from disclosure, in which case the Administrator shall take the actions de-scribed in section 14(g)(2); and ‘‘(IV) pursuant to section 6(b), review the priority of the chemical substance as the Ad-ministrator determines to be necessary. ‘‘(C) C
ATEGORY STATUS .—The list of inac-tive substances shall not be considered to be a category for purposes of section 26(c). ‘‘(6) I
NTERIM LIST OF ACTIVE SUBSTANCES .— Prior to the promulgation of the rule re-quired under paragraph (4)(A), the Adminis-trator shall designate the chemical sub-stances reported under part 711 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lau-tenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act), during the reporting period that most closely preceded the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, as the interim list of active substances for the purposes of sec-tion 6(b). ‘‘(7) P
UBLIC INFORMATION .—Subject to this subsection and section 14, the Administrator shall make available to the public— ‘‘(A) each specific chemical identity on the nonconfidential portion of the list published under paragraph (1) along with the Adminis-trator’s designation of the chemical sub-stance as an active or inactive substance; ‘‘(B) the unique identifier assigned under section 14, accession number, generic name, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3015 May 24, 2016 
and, if applicable, premanufacture notice case number for each chemical substance on the confidential portion of the list published under paragraph (1) for which a claim of con-fidentiality was received; and ‘‘(C) the specific chemical identity of any active substance for which— ‘‘(i) a claim for protection against disclo-sure of the specific chemical identity of the active substance was not asserted, as re-quired under this subsection or section 14; ‘‘(ii) all claims for protection against dis-closure of the specific chemical identity of the active substance have been denied by the Administrator; or ‘‘(iii) the time period for protection against disclosure of the specific chemical identity of the active substance has expired. ‘‘(8) L
IMITATION .—No person may assert a new claim under this subsection or section 14 for protection from disclosure of a specific chemical identity of any active or inactive substance for which a notice is received under paragraph (4)(A)(i) or (5)(B)(i) that is not on the confidential portion of the list published under paragraph (1). ‘‘(9) C
ERTIFICATION .—Under the rules pro-mulgated under this subsection, manufactur-ers and processors, as applicable, shall be re-quired— ‘‘(A) to certify that each notice or substan-tiation the manufacturer or processor sub-mits complies with the requirements of the rule, and that any confidentiality claims are true and correct; and ‘‘(B) to retain a record documenting com-pliance with the rule and supporting con-fidentiality claims for a period of 5 years be-ginning on the last day of the submission pe-riod.’’. (b) M
ERCURY INVENTORY .—Section 8(b) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2607(b)) (as amended by subsection (a)) is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) M
ERCURY .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF MERCURY .—In this para-graph, notwithstanding section 3(2)(B), the term ‘mercury’ means— ‘‘(i) elemental mercury; and ‘‘(ii) a mercury compound. ‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than April 1, 2017, and every 3 years thereafter, the Ad-ministrator shall carry out and publish in the Federal Register an inventory of mer-cury supply, use, and trade in the United States. ‘‘(C) P
ROCESS .—In carrying out the inven-tory under subparagraph (B), the Adminis-trator shall— ‘‘(i) identify any manufacturing processes or products that intentionally add mercury; and ‘‘(ii) recommend actions, including pro-posed revisions of Federal law or regulations, to achieve further reductions in mercury use. ‘‘(D) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—To assist in the prepara-tion of the inventory under subparagraph (B), any person who manufactures mercury or mercury-added products or otherwise in-tentionally uses mercury in a manufacturing process shall make periodic reports to the Administrator, at such time and including such information as the Administrator shall determine by rule promulgated not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this paragraph. ‘‘(ii) C
OORDINATION .—To avoid duplication, the Administrator shall coordinate the re-porting under this subparagraph with the Interstate Mercury Education and Reduction Clearinghouse. ‘‘(iii) E
XEMPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply to a person engaged in the generation, handling, or management of mercury-con-taining waste, unless that person manufac-tures or recovers mercury in the manage-ment of that waste.’’. SEC. 9. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FEDERAL LAWS. 
Section 9 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2608) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘has reasonable basis to conclude’’ and inserting ‘‘determines’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘or will present’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘, without consideration of costs or other nonrisk factors, including an unreasonable risk to a potentially ex-posed or susceptible subpopulation identified as relevant by the Administrator, under the conditions of use,’’ after ‘‘or the environ-ment’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, within the time period specified by the Ad-ministrator in the report,’’ after ‘‘issues an order’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘re-sponds within the time period specified by the Administrator in the report and’’ before ‘‘initiates, within 90’’; (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (6); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) The Administrator shall take the ac-tions described in paragraph (4) if the Ad-ministrator makes a report under paragraph (1) with respect to a chemical substance or mixture and the agency to which the report was made does not— ‘‘(A) issue the order described in paragraph (2)(A) within the time period specified by the Administrator in the report; or ‘‘(B)(i) respond under paragraph (1) within the timeframe specified by the Adminis-trator in the report; and ‘‘(ii) initiate action within 90 days of publi-cation in the Federal Register of the re-sponse described in clause (i). ‘‘(4) If an agency to which a report is sub-mitted under paragraph (1) does not take the actions described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (3), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) initiate or complete appropriate ac-tion under section 6; or ‘‘(B) take any action authorized or re-quired under section 7, as applicable. ‘‘(5) This subsection shall not relieve the Administrator of any obligation to take any appropriate action under section 6(a) or 7 to address risks from the manufacture, proc-essing, distribution in commerce, use, or dis-posal of a chemical substance or mixture, or any combination of those activities, that are not identified in a report issued by the Ad-ministrator under paragraph (1).’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Administrator shall coordinate’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The Adminis-trator shall coordinate’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) In making a determination under paragraph (1) that it is in the public interest for the Administrator to take an action under this title with respect to a chemical substance or mixture rather than under an-other law administered in whole or in part by the Administrator, the Administrator shall consider, based on information reason-ably available to the Administrator, all rel-evant aspects of the risk described in para-graph (1) and a comparison of the estimated costs and efficiencies of the action to be taken under this title and an action to be taken under such other law to protect against such risk.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) E
XPOSURE INFORMATION .—In addition to the requirements of subsection (a), if the Administrator obtains information related to exposures or releases of a chemical sub-stance or mixture that may be prevented or reduced under another Federal law, includ-ing a law not administered by the Adminis-trator, the Administrator shall make such information available to the relevant Fed-eral agency or office of the Environmental Protection Agency.’’. SEC. 10. EXPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 12(a)(2) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2611(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘will present’’ and inserting ‘‘presents’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON EXPORT OF CERTAIN  M
ERCURY COMPOUNDS .—Section 12(c) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2611(c)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND MERCURY COMPOUNDS ’’ after ‘‘M ER-
CURY ’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) P
ROHIBITION ON EXPORT OF CERTAIN  
MERCURY COMPOUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Effective January 1, 2020, the export of the following mercury compounds is prohibited: ‘‘(i) Mercury (I) chloride or calomel. ‘‘(ii) Mercury (II) oxide. ‘‘(iii) Mercury (II) sulfate. ‘‘(iv) Mercury (II) nitrate. ‘‘(v) Cinnabar or mercury sulphide. ‘‘(vi) Any mercury compound that the Ad-ministrator adds to the list published under subparagraph (B) by rule, on determining that exporting that mercury compound for the purpose of regenerating elemental mer-cury is technically feasible. ‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, and as appropriate thereafter, the Administrator shall publish in the Fed-eral Register a list of the mercury com-pounds that are prohibited from export under this paragraph. ‘‘(C) P
ETITION .—Any person may petition the Administrator to add a mercury com-pound to the list published under subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(D) E
NVIRONMENTALLY SOUND DISPOSAL .— This paragraph does not prohibit the export of mercury compounds on the list published under subparagraph (B) to member countries of the Organization for Economic Co-oper-ation and Development for environmentally sound disposal, on the condition that no mercury or mercury compounds so exported are to be recovered, recycled, or reclaimed for use, or directly reused, after such export. ‘‘(E) R
EPORT .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lau-tenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall evaluate any exports of mercury compounds on the list published under subparagraph (B) for dis-posal that occurred after such date of enact-ment and shall submit to Congress a report that— ‘‘(i) describes volumes and sources of mer-cury compounds on the list published under subparagraph (B) exported for disposal; ‘‘(ii) identifies receiving countries of such exports; ‘‘(iii) describes methods of disposal used after such export; ‘‘(iv) identifies issues, if any, presented by the export of mercury compounds on the list published under subparagraph (B); ‘‘(v) includes an evaluation of management options in the United States for mercury compounds on the list published under sub-paragraph (B), if any, that are commercially available and comparable in cost and effi-cacy to methods being utilized in such re-ceiving countries; and ‘‘(vi) makes a recommendation regarding whether Congress should further limit or prohibit the export of mercury compounds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3016 May 24, 2016 
on the list published under subparagraph (B) for disposal. ‘‘(F) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAW .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to affect the authority of the Administrator under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.).’’. (c) T
EMPORARY GENERATOR ACCUMULA -
TION.—Section 5 of the Mercury Export Ban Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 6939f) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respec-tively and indenting appropriately; (ii) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘After consultation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) A
SSESSMENT AND COLLECTION .—After consultation’’; (iii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The amount of such fees’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT .—The amount of the fees de-scribed in subparagraph (A)’’; (iv) in subparagraph (B) (as so des-ignated)— (I) in clause (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘publically available not later than October 1, 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘publicly available not later than October 1, 2018’’; (II) in clause (ii) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘and’’; (III) in clause (iii) (as so redesignated), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, subject to clause (iv); and’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) for generators temporarily accumu-lating elemental mercury in a facility sub-ject to subparagraphs (B) and (D)(iv) of sub-section (g)(2) if the facility designated in subsection (a) is not operational by January 1, 2019, shall be adjusted to subtract the cost of the temporary accumulation during the period in which the facility designated under subsection (a) is not operational.’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) C
ONVEYANCE OF TITLE AND PERMIT -
TING.—If the facility designated in sub-section (a) is not operational by January 1, 2020, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall immediately accept the convey-ance of title to all elemental mercury that has accumulated in facilities in accordance with subsection (g)(2)(D), before January 1, 2020, and deliver the accumulated mercury to the facility designated under subsection (a) on the date on which the facility becomes operational; ‘‘(ii) shall pay any applicable Federal per-mitting costs, including the costs for per-mits issued under section 3005(c) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6925(c)); and ‘‘(iii) shall store, or pay the cost of storage of, until the time at which a facility des-ignated in subsection (a) is operational, ac-cumulated mercury to which the Secretary has title under this subparagraph in a facil-ity that has been issued a permit under sec-tion 3005(c) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6925(c)).’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)(iii)’’; and (3) in subsection (g)(2)— (A) in the undesignated material at the end, by striking ‘‘This subparagraph’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(C) Subparagraph (B)’’; (B) in subparagraph (C) (as designated by subparagraph (A)), by inserting ‘‘of that sub-paragraph’’ before the period at the end; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) A generator producing elemental mer-cury incidentally from the beneficiation or processing of ore or related pollution control activities may accumulate the mercury pro-duced onsite that is destined for a facility designated by the Secretary under sub-section (a) for more than 90 days without a permit issued under section 3005(c) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6925(c)), and shall not be subject to the storage prohi-bition of section 3004(j) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 6924(j)), if— ‘‘(i) the Secretary is unable to accept the mercury at a facility designated by the Sec-retary under subsection (a) for reasons be-yond the control of the generator; ‘‘(ii) the generator certifies in writing to the Secretary that the generator will ship the mercury to a designated facility when the Secretary is able to accept the mercury; ‘‘(iii) the generator certifies in writing to the Secretary that the generator is storing only mercury the generator has produced or recovered onsite and will not sell, or other-wise place into commerce, the mercury; and ‘‘(iv) the generator has obtained an identi-fication number under section 262.12 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, and com-plies with the requirements described in paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 262.34(a) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this sub-paragraph). ‘‘(E) MANAGEMENT STANDARDS FOR TEM -
PORARY STORAGE .—Not later than January 1, 2017, the Secretary, after consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and State agencies in af-fected States, shall develop and make avail-able guidance that establishes procedures and standards for the management and short-term storage of elemental mercury at a generator covered under subparagraph (D), including requirements to ensure appro-priate use of flasks or other suitable con-tainers. Such procedures and standards shall be protective of health and the environment and shall ensure that the elemental mercury is stored in a safe, secure, and effective man-ner. A generator may accumulate mercury in accordance with subparagraph (D) imme-diately upon enactment of this subpara-graph, and notwithstanding that guidance called for by this paragraph has not been de-veloped or made available.’’. (d) I
NTERIM STATUS .—Section 5(d)(1) of the Mercury Export Ban Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 6939f(d)(1)) is amended— (1) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘in existence on or before January 1, 2013,’’; and (2) in the last sentence, by striking ‘‘Janu-ary 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2020’’. 
SEC. 11. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. 
Section 14 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2613) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in this section, the Administrator shall not dis-close information that is exempt from dis-closure pursuant to subsection (a) of section 552 of title 5, United States Code, by reason of subsection (b)(4) of that section— ‘‘(1) that is reported to, or otherwise ob-tained by, the Administrator under this Act; and ‘‘(2) for which the requirements of sub-section (c) are met. In any proceeding under section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code, to obtain infor-mation the disclosure of which has been de-nied because of the provisions of this sub-section, the Administrator may not rely on section 552(b)(3) of such title to sustain the Administrator’s action. ‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION NOTPROTECTED FROM D
ISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(1) M
IXED CONFIDENTIAL AND NONCONFIDEN -
TIAL INFORMATION .—Information that is pro-tected from disclosure under this section, and which is mixed with information that is not protected from disclosure under this sec-tion, does not lose its protection from disclo-sure notwithstanding that it is mixed with information that is not protected from dis-closure. ‘‘(2) INFORMATION FROM HEALTH AND SAFETY  
STUDIES .—Subsection (a) does not prohibit the disclosure of— ‘‘(A) any health and safety study which is submitted under this Act with respect to— ‘‘(i) any chemical substance or mixture which, on the date on which such study is to be disclosed has been offered for commercial distribution; or ‘‘(ii) any chemical substance or mixture for which testing is required under section 4 or for which notification is required under sec-tion 5; and ‘‘(B) any information reported to, or other-wise obtained by, the Administrator from a health and safety study which relates to a chemical substance or mixture described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A). This paragraph does not authorize the disclo-sure of any information, including formulas (including molecular structures) of a chem-ical substance or mixture, that discloses processes used in the manufacturing or proc-essing of a chemical substance or mixture or, in the case of a mixture, the portion of the mixture comprised by any of the chemical substances in the mixture. ‘‘(3) O
THER INFORMATION NOT PROTECTED  
FROM DISCLOSURE .—Subsection (a) does not prohibit the disclosure of— ‘‘(A) any general information describing the manufacturing volumes, expressed as specific aggregated volumes or, if the Ad-ministrator determines that disclosure of specific aggregated volumes would reveal confidential information, expressed in ranges; or ‘‘(B) a general description of a process used in the manufacture or processing and indus-trial, commercial, or consumer functions and uses of a chemical substance, mixture, or article containing a chemical substance or mixture, including information specific to an industry or industry sector that custom-arily would be shared with the general public or within an industry or industry sector. ‘‘(4) B
ANS AND PHASE -OUTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Administrator promulgates a rule pursuant to section 6(a) that establishes a ban or phase-out of a chemical substance or mixture, the protec-tion from disclosure of any information under this section with respect to the chem-ical substance or mixture shall be presumed to no longer apply, subject to subsection (g)(1)(E) and subparagraphs (B) and (C) of this paragraph. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(i) C
RITICAL USE .—In the case of a chem-ical substance or mixture for which a spe-cific condition of use is subject to an exemp-tion pursuant to section 6(g), if the Adminis-trator establishes a ban or phase-out de-scribed in subparagraph (A) with respect to the chemical substance or mixture, the pre-sumption against protection under such sub-paragraph shall only apply to information that relates solely to any conditions of use of the chemical substance or mixture to which the exemption does not apply. ‘‘(ii) E
XPORT .—In the case of a chemical substance or mixture for which there is man-ufacture, processing, or distribution in com-merce that meets the conditions of section 12(a)(1), if the Administrator establishes a ban or phase-out described in subparagraph (A) with respect to the chemical substance or mixture, the presumption against protec-tion under such subparagraph shall only apply to information that relates solely to any other manufacture, processing, or dis-tribution in commerce of the chemical sub-stance or mixture for the conditions of use 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3017 May 24, 2016 
subject to the ban or phase-out, unless the Administrator makes the determination in section 12(a)(2). ‘‘(iii) S
PECIFIC CONDITIONS OF USE .—In the case of a chemical substance or mixture for which the Administrator establishes a ban or phase-out described in subparagraph (A) with respect to a specific condition of use of the chemical substance or mixture, the presump-tion against protection under such subpara-graph shall only apply to information that relates solely to the condition of use of the chemical substance or mixture for which the ban or phase-out is established. ‘‘(C) R
EQUEST FOR NONDISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A manufacturer or proc-essor of a chemical substance or mixture subject to a ban or phase-out described in this paragraph may submit to the Adminis-trator, within 30 days of receiving a notifica-tion under subsection (g)(2)(A), a request, in-cluding documentation supporting such re-quest, that some or all of the information to which the notice applies should not be dis-closed or that its disclosure should be de-layed, and the Administrator shall review the request under subsection (g)(1)(E). ‘‘(ii) E
FFECT OF NO REQUEST OR DENIAL .—If no request for nondisclosure or delay is sub-mitted to the Administrator under this sub-paragraph, or the Administrator denies such a request under subsection (g)(1)(A), the in-formation shall not be protected from disclo-sure under this section. ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN REQUESTS .—If a request is made to the Administrator under section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code, for in-formation reported to or otherwise obtained by the Administrator under this Act that is not protected from disclosure under this sub-section, the Administrator may not deny the request on the basis of section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR CONFIDENTIALITY  C
LAIMS .— ‘‘(1) A
SSERTION OF CLAIMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A person seeking to pro-tect from disclosure any information that person submits under this Act (including in-formation described in paragraph (2)) shall assert to the Administrator a claim for pro-tection from disclosure concurrent with sub-mission of the information, in accordance with such rules regarding a claim for protec-tion from disclosure as the Administrator has promulgated or may promulgate pursu-ant to this title. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—An assertion of a claim under subparagraph (A) shall include a state-ment that the person has— ‘‘(i) taken reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of the information; ‘‘(ii) determined that the information is not required to be disclosed or otherwise made available to the public under any other Federal law; ‘‘(iii) a reasonable basis to conclude that disclosure of the information is likely to cause substantial harm to the competitive position of the person; and ‘‘(iv) a reasonable basis to believe that the information is not readily discoverable through reverse engineering. ‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR CLAIMS  
REGARDING CHEMICAL IDENTITY INFORMA -
TION.—In the case of a claim under subpara-graph (A) for protection from disclosure of a specific chemical identity, the claim shall include a structurally descriptive generic name for the chemical substance that the Administrator may disclose to the public, subject to the condition that such generic name shall— ‘‘(i) be consistent with guidance developed by the Administrator under paragraph (4)(A); and ‘‘(ii) describe the chemical structure of the chemical substance as specifically as prac-ticable while protecting those features of the chemical structure— ‘‘(I) that are claimed as confidential; and ‘‘(II) the disclosure of which would be like-ly to cause substantial harm to the competi-tive position of the person. ‘‘(2) INFORMATION GENERALLY NOT SUBJECT  
TO SUBSTANTIATION REQUIREMENTS .—Subject to subsection (f), the following information shall not be subject to substantiation re-quirements under paragraph (3): ‘‘(A) Specific information describing the processes used in manufacture or processing of a chemical substance, mixture, or article. ‘‘(B) Marketing and sales information. ‘‘(C) Information identifying a supplier or customer. ‘‘(D) In the case of a mixture, details of the full composition of the mixture and the re-spective percentages of constituents. ‘‘(E) Specific information regarding the use, function, or application of a chemical substance or mixture in a process, mixture, or article. ‘‘(F) Specific production or import volumes of the manufacturer or processor. ‘‘(G) Prior to the date on which a chemical substance is first offered for commercial dis-tribution, the specific chemical identity of the chemical substance, including the chem-ical name, molecular formula, Chemical Ab-stracts Service number, and other informa-tion that would identify the specific chem-ical substance, if the specific chemical iden-tity was claimed as confidential at the time it was submitted in a notice under section 5. ‘‘(3) S
UBSTANTIATION REQUIREMENTS .—Ex- cept as provided in paragraph (2), a person asserting a claim to protect information from disclosure under this section shall sub-stantiate the claim, in accordance with such rules as the Administrator has promulgated or may promulgate pursuant to this section. ‘‘(4) G
UIDANCE .—The Administrator shall develop guidance regarding— ‘‘(A) the determination of structurally de-scriptive generic names, in the case of claims for the protection from disclosure of specific chemical identity; and ‘‘(B) the content and form of the state-ments of need and agreements required under paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) of sub-section (d). ‘‘(5) C
ERTIFICATION .—An authorized official of a person described in paragraph (1)(A) shall certify that the statement required to assert a claim submitted pursuant to para-graph (1)(B), and any information required to substantiate a claim submitted pursuant to paragraph (3), are true and correct. ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTIONS TO PROTECTION FROM DIS-
CLOSURE .—Information described in sub-section (a)— ‘‘(1) shall be disclosed to an officer or em-ployee of the United States— ‘‘(A) in connection with the official duties of that person under any Federal law for the protection of health or the environment; or ‘‘(B) for a specific Federal law enforcement purpose; ‘‘(2) shall be disclosed to a contractor of the United States and employees of that con-tractor— ‘‘(A) if, in the opinion of the Adminis-trator, the disclosure is necessary for the satisfactory performance by the contractor of a contract with the United States for the performance of work in connection with this Act; and ‘‘(B) subject to such conditions as the Ad-ministrator may specify; ‘‘(3) shall be disclosed if the Administrator determines that disclosure is necessary to protect health or the environment against an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment, without consideration of costs or other nonrisk factors, including an unreasonable risk to a potentially exposed or susceptible subpopulation identified as rel-evant by the Administrator under the condi-tions of use; ‘‘(4) shall be disclosed to a State, political subdivision of a State, or tribal government, on written request, for the purpose of admin-istration or enforcement of a law, if such en-tity has 1 or more applicable agreements with the Administrator that are consistent with the guidance developed under sub-section (c)(4)(B) and ensure that the entity will take appropriate measures, and has ade-quate authority, to maintain the confiden-tiality of the information in accordance with procedures comparable to the procedures used by the Administrator to safeguard the information; ‘‘(5) shall be disclosed to a health or envi-ronmental professional employed by a Fed-eral or State agency or tribal government or a treating physician or nurse in a non-emergency situation if such person provides a written statement of need and agrees to sign a written confidentiality agreement with the Administrator, subject to the condi-tions that— ‘‘(A) the statement of need and confiden-tiality agreement are consistent with the guidance developed under subsection (c)(4)(B); ‘‘(B) the statement of need shall be a state-ment that the person has a reasonable basis to suspect that— ‘‘(i) the information is necessary for, or will assist in— ‘‘(I) the diagnosis or treatment of 1 or more individuals; or ‘‘(II) responding to an environmental re-lease or exposure; and ‘‘(ii) 1 or more individuals being diagnosed or treated have been exposed to the chemical substance or mixture concerned, or an envi-ronmental release of or exposure to the chemical substance or mixture concerned has occurred; and ‘‘(C) the person will not use the informa-tion for any purpose other than the health or environmental needs asserted in the state-ment of need, except as otherwise may be au-thorized by the terms of the agreement or by the person who has a claim under this sec-tion with respect to the information; ‘‘(6) shall be disclosed in the event of an emergency to a treating or responding physi-cian, nurse, agent of a poison control center, public health or environmental official of a State, political subdivision of a State, or tribal government, or first responder (includ-ing any individual duly authorized by a Fed-eral agency, State, political subdivision of a State, or tribal government who is trained in urgent medical care or other emergency pro-cedures, including a police officer, fire-fighter, or emergency medical technician) if such person requests the information, sub-ject to the conditions that such person shall— ‘‘(A) have a reasonable basis to suspect that— ‘‘(i) a medical, public health, or environ-mental emergency exists; ‘‘(ii) the information is necessary for, or will assist in, emergency or first-aid diag-nosis or treatment; or ‘‘(iii) 1 or more individuals being diagnosed or treated have likely been exposed to the chemical substance or mixture concerned, or a serious environmental release of or expo-sure to the chemical substance or mixture concerned has occurred; and ‘‘(B) if requested by a person who has a claim with respect to the information under this section— ‘‘(i) provide a written statement of need and agree to sign a confidentiality agree-ment, as described in paragraph (5); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3018 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(ii) submit to the Administrator such statement of need and confidentiality agree-ment as soon as practicable, but not nec-essarily before the information is disclosed; ‘‘(7) may be disclosed if the Administrator determines that disclosure is relevant in a proceeding under this Act, subject to the condition that the disclosure is made in such a manner as to preserve confidentiality to the extent practicable without impairing the proceeding; ‘‘(8) shall be disclosed if the information is required to be made public under any other provision of Federal law; and ‘‘(9) shall be disclosed as required pursuant to discovery, subpoena, other court order, or any other judicial process otherwise allowed under applicable Federal or State law. ‘‘(e) D
URATION OF PROTECTION FROM DIS-
CLOSURE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), subsection (f)(3), and section 8(b), the Admin-istrator shall protect from disclosure infor-mation described in subsection (a)— ‘‘(A) in the case of information described in subsection (c)(2), until such time as— ‘‘(i) the person that asserted the claim no-tifies the Administrator that the person is withdrawing the claim, in which case the in-formation shall not be protected from disclo-sure under this section; or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator becomes aware that the information does not qualify for protection from disclosure under this sec-tion, in which case the Administrator shall take any actions required under subsections (f) and (g); and ‘‘(B) in the case of information other than information described in subsection (c)(2)— ‘‘(i) for a period of 10 years from the date on which the person asserts the claim with respect to the information submitted to the Administrator; or ‘‘(ii) if applicable before the expiration of such 10-year period, until such time as— ‘‘(I) the person that asserted the claim no-tifies the Administrator that the person is withdrawing the claim, in which case the in-formation shall not be protected from disclo-sure under this section; or ‘‘(II) the Administrator becomes aware that the information does not qualify for protection from disclosure under this sec-tion, in which case the Administrator shall take any actions required under subsections (f) and (g). ‘‘(2) E
XTENSIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of informa-tion other than information described in sub-section (c)(2), not later than the date that is 60 days before the expiration of the period described in paragraph (1)(B)(i), the Adminis-trator shall provide to the person that as-serted the claim a notice of the impending expiration of the period. ‘‘(B) R
EQUEST .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the date that is 30 days before the expiration of the period described in paragraph (1)(B)(i), a per-son reasserting the relevant claim shall sub-mit to the Administrator a request for ex-tension substantiating, in accordance with subsection (c)(3), the need to extend the pe-riod. ‘‘(ii) A
CTION BY ADMINISTRATOR .—Not later than the date of expiration of the period de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B)(i), the Adminis-trator shall, in accordance with subsection (g)(1)— ‘‘(I) review the request submitted under clause (i); ‘‘(II) make a determination regarding whether the claim for which the request was submitted continues to meet the relevant re-quirements of this section; and ‘‘(III)(aa) grant an extension of 10 years; or ‘‘(bb) deny the request. ‘‘(C) NO LIMIT ON NUMBER OF EXTENSIONS .— There shall be no limit on the number of ex-tensions granted under this paragraph, if the Administrator determines that the relevant request under subparagraph (B)(i)— ‘‘(i) establishes the need to extend the pe-riod; and ‘‘(ii) meets the requirements established by the Administrator. ‘‘(f) R
EVIEW AND RESUBSTANTIATION .— ‘‘(1) D
ISCRETION OF ADMINISTRATOR .—The Administrator may require any person that has claimed protection for information from disclosure under this section, whether be-fore, on, or after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, to reassert and sub-stantiate or resubstantiate the claim in ac-cordance with this section— ‘‘(A) after the chemical substance is des-ignated as a high-priority substance under section 6(b); ‘‘(B) for any chemical substance designated as an active substance under section 8(b)(5)(B)(iii); or ‘‘(C) if the Administrator determines that disclosure of certain information currently protected from disclosure would be impor-tant to assist the Administrator in con-ducting risk evaluations or promulgating rules under section 6. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Administrator shall review a claim for protection of infor-mation from disclosure under this section and require any person that has claimed pro-tection for that information, whether before, on, or after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, to reassert and sub-stantiate or resubstantiate the claim in ac-cordance with this section— ‘‘(A) as necessary to determine whether the information qualifies for an exemption from disclosure in connection with a request for information received by the Adminis-trator under section 552 of title 5, United States Code; ‘‘(B) if the Administrator has a reasonable basis to believe that the information does not qualify for protection from disclosure under this section; or ‘‘(C) for any chemical substance the Ad-ministrator determines under section 6(b)(4)(A) presents an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment. ‘‘(3) P
ERIOD OF PROTECTION .—If the Admin-istrator requires a person to reassert and substantiate or resubstantiate a claim under this subsection, and determines that the claim continues to meet the relevant re-quirements of this section, the Adminis-trator shall protect the information subject to the claim from disclosure for a period of 10 years from the date of such determina-tion, subject to any subsequent requirement by the Administrator under this subsection. ‘‘(g) D
UTIES OF ADMINISTRATOR .— ‘‘(1) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except for claims re-garding information described in subsection (c)(2), the Administrator shall, subject to subparagraph (C), not later than 90 days after the receipt of a claim under subsection (c), and not later than 30 days after the re-ceipt of a request for extension of a claim under subsection (e) or a request under sub-section (b)(4)(C), review and approve, approve in part and deny in part, or deny the claim or request. ‘‘(B) R
EASONS FOR DENIAL .—If the Adminis-trator denies or denies in part a claim or re-quest under subparagraph (A) the Adminis-trator shall provide to the person that as-serted the claim or submitted the request a written statement of the reasons for the de-nial or denial in part of the claim or request. ‘‘(C) S
UBSETS .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(i) except with respect to information de-scribed in subsection (c)(2)(G), review all claims or requests under this section for the protection from disclosure of the specific chemical identity of a chemical substance; and ‘‘(ii) review a representative subset, com-prising at least 25 percent, of all other claims or requests for protection from dis-closure under this section. ‘‘(D) EFFECT OF FAILURE TO ACT .—The fail- ure of the Administrator to make a decision regarding a claim or request for protection from disclosure or extension under this sec-tion shall not have the effect of denying or eliminating a claim or request for protection from disclosure. ‘‘(E) D
ETERMINATION OF REQUESTS UNDER  
SUBSECTION ( b)(4)(C).—With respect to a re-quest submitted under subsection (b)(4)(C), the Administrator shall, with the objective of ensuring that information relevant to the protection of health and the environment is disclosed to the extent practicable, deter-mine whether the documentation provided by the person rebuts what shall be the pre-sumption of the Administrator that the pub-lic interest in the disclosure of the informa-tion outweighs the public or proprietary in-terest in maintaining the protection for all or a portion of the information that the per-son has requested not be disclosed or for which disclosure be delayed. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B) and subsections (b), (d), and (e), if the Administrator denies or denies in part a claim or request under paragraph (1), concludes, in accordance with this sec-tion, that the information does not qualify for protection from disclosure, intends to disclose information pursuant to subsection (d), or promulgates a rule under section 6(a) establishing a ban or phase-out with respect to a chemical substance or mixture, the Ad-ministrator shall notify, in writing, the per-son that asserted the claim or submitted the request of the intent of the Administrator to disclose the information or not protect the information from disclosure under this sec-tion. The notice shall be furnished by cer-tified mail (return receipt requested), by per-sonal delivery, or by other means that allows verification of the fact and date of receipt. ‘‘(B) D
ISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), the Admin-istrator shall not disclose information under this subsection until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the person that as-serted the claim or submitted the request re-ceives notification under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) F
IFTEEN DAY NOTIFICATION .—For infor-mation the Administrator intends to disclose under subsections (d)(3), (d)(4), (d)(5), and (j), the Administrator shall not disclose the in-formation until the date that is 15 days after the date on which the person that asserted the claim or submitted the request receives notification under subparagraph (A), except that, with respect to information to be dis-closed under subsection (d)(3), if the Admin-istrator determines that disclosure of the in-formation is necessary to protect against an imminent and substantial harm to health or the environment, no prior notification shall be necessary. ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION AS SOON AS PRAC -
TICABLE .—For information the Adminis-trator intends to disclose under paragraph (6) of subsection (d), the Administrator shall notify the person that submitted the infor-mation that the information has been dis-closed as soon as practicable after disclosure of the information. ‘‘(iii) N
O NOTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Notifica- tion shall not be required— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3019 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(I) for the disclosure of information under paragraphs (1), (2), (7), or (8) of subsection (d); or ‘‘(II) for the disclosure of information for which— ‘‘(aa) the Administrator has provided to the person that asserted the claim a notice under subsection (e)(2)(A); and ‘‘(bb) such person does not submit to the Administrator a request under subsection (e)(2)(B) on or before the deadline established in subsection (e)(2)(B)(i). ‘‘(D) A
PPEALS .— ‘‘(i) A
CTION TO RESTRAIN DISCLOSURE .—If a person receives a notification under this paragraph and believes the information is protected from disclosure under this section, before the date on which the information is to be disclosed pursuant to subparagraph (B) or (C) the person may bring an action to re-strain disclosure of the information in— ‘‘(I) the United States district court of the district in which the complainant resides or has the principal place of business; or ‘‘(II) the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. ‘‘(ii) N
O DISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (d), the Administrator shall not disclose in-formation that is the subject of an appeal under this paragraph before the date on which the applicable court rules on an action under clause (i). ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not apply to disclosure of information described under subsections (d)(4) and (j). ‘‘(3) R
EQUEST AND NOTIFICATION SYSTEM .— The Administrator, in consultation with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, shall develop a request and notification system that, in a format and language that is readily accessible and un-derstandable, allows for expedient and swift access to information disclosed pursuant to paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (d). ‘‘(4) U
NIQUE IDENTIFIER .—The Adminis-trator shall— ‘‘(A)(i) develop a system to assign a unique identifier to each specific chemical identity for which the Administrator approves a re-quest for protection from disclosure, which shall not be either the specific chemical identity or a structurally descriptive generic term; and ‘‘(ii) apply that identifier consistently to all information relevant to the applicable chemical substance; ‘‘(B) annually publish and update a list of chemical substances, referred to by their unique identifiers, for which claims to pro-tect the specific chemical identity from dis-closure have been approved, including the expiration date for each such claim; ‘‘(C) ensure that any nonconfidential infor-mation received by the Administrator with respect to a chemical substance included on the list published under subparagraph (B) while the specific chemical identity of the chemical substance is protected from disclo-sure under this section identifies the chem-ical substance using the unique identifier; and ‘‘(D) for each claim for protection of a spe-cific chemical identity that has been denied by the Administrator or expired, or that has been withdrawn by the person who asserted the claim, and for which the Administrator has used a unique identifier assigned under this paragraph to protect the specific chem-ical identity in information that the Admin-istrator has made public, clearly link the specific chemical identity to the unique identifier in such information to the extent practicable. ‘‘(h) C
RIMINAL PENALTY FOR WRONGFUL DIS-
CLOSURE .— ‘‘(1) I
NDIVIDUALS SUBJECT TO PENALTY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (C) and paragraph (2), an individual described in subparagraph (B) shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, or imprisoned for not more than 1 year, or both. ‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION .—An individual referred to in subparagraph (A) is an individual who— ‘‘(i) pursuant to this section, obtained pos-session of, or has access to, information pro-tected from disclosure under this section; and ‘‘(ii) knowing that the information is pro-tected from disclosure under this section, willfully discloses the information in any manner to any person not entitled to receive that information. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .—This paragraph shall not apply to any medical professional (including an emergency medical technician or other first responder) who discloses any informa-tion obtained under paragraph (5) or (6) of subsection (d) to a patient treated by the medical professional, or to a person author-ized to make medical or health care deci-sions on behalf of such a patient, as needed for the diagnosis or treatment of the patient. ‘‘(2) O
THER LAWS .—Section 1905 of title 18, United States Code, shall not apply with re-spect to the publishing, divulging, disclo-sure, or making known of, or making avail-able, information reported to or otherwise obtained by the Administrator under this Act. ‘‘(i) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, section 8, or any other applicable Federal law, the Administrator shall have no authority— ‘‘(A) to require the substantiation or re-substantiation of a claim for the protection from disclosure of information reported to or otherwise obtained by the Administrator under this Act prior to the date of enact-ment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act; or ‘‘(B) to impose substantiation or re-substantiation requirements, with respect to the protection of information described in subsection (a), under this Act that are more extensive than those required under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) A
CTIONS PRIOR TO PROMULGATION OF  
RULES .—Nothing in this Act prevents the Ad-ministrator from reviewing, requiring sub-stantiation or resubstantiation of, or approv-ing, approving in part, or denying any claim for the protection from disclosure of infor-mation before the effective date of such rules applicable to those claims as the Adminis-trator may promulgate after the date of en-actment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chem-ical Safety for the 21st Century Act. ‘‘(j) A
CCESS BY CONGRESS .—Notwith- standing any limitation contained in this section or any other provision of law, all in-formation reported to or otherwise obtained by the Administrator (or any representative of the Administrator) under this Act shall be made available, upon written request of any duly authorized committee of the Congress, to such committee.’’. 
SEC. 12. PENALTIES. 
Section 16 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2615) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$37,500’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Any person’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person’’; (B) by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) I
MMINENT DANGER OF DEATH OR SERIOUS  
BODILY INJURY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any person who know-ingly and willfully violates any provision of section 15 or 409, and who knows at the time of the violation that the violation places an individual in imminent danger of death or serious bodily injury, shall be subject on conviction to a fine of not more than $250,000, or imprisonment for not more than 15 years, or both. ‘‘(B) ORGANIZATIONS .—Notwithstanding the penalties described in subparagraph (A), an organization that commits a knowing viola-tion described in subparagraph (A) shall be subject on conviction to a fine of not more than $1,000,000 for each violation. ‘‘(C) I
NCORPORATION OF CORRESPONDING PRO -
VISIONS .—Subparagraphs (B) through (F) of section 113(c)(5) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7413(c)(5)(B)–(F)) shall apply to the prosecution of a violation under this para-graph.’’. 
SEC. 13. STATE-FEDERAL RELATIONSHIP. 
Section 18 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2617) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OR ENFORCEMENT .—Ex- cept as otherwise provided in subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g), and subject to paragraph (2), no State or political subdivision of a State may establish or continue to enforce any of the following: ‘‘(A) D
EVELOPMENT OF INFORMATION .—A statute or administrative action to require the development of information about a chemical substance or category of chemical substances that is reasonably likely to produce the same information required under section 4, 5, or 6 in— ‘‘(i) a rule promulgated by the Adminis-trator; ‘‘(ii) a consent agreement entered into by the Administrator; or ‘‘(iii) an order issued by the Administrator. ‘‘(B) C
HEMICAL SUBSTANCES FOUND NOT TO  
PRESENT AN UNREASONABLE RISK OR RE -
STRICTED .—A statute, criminal penalty, or administrative action to prohibit or other-wise restrict the manufacture, processing, or distribution in commerce or use of a chem-ical substance— ‘‘(i) for which the determination described in section 6(i)(1) is made, consistent with the scope of the risk evaluation under section (6)(b)(4)(D); or ‘‘(ii) for which a final rule is promulgated under section 6(a), after the effective date of the rule issued under section 6(a) for the chemical substance, consistent with the scope of the risk evaluation under section (6)(b)(4)(D). ‘‘(C) S
IGNIFICANT NEW USE .—A statute or administrative action requiring the notifica-tion of a use of a chemical substance that the Administrator has specified as a signifi-cant new use and for which the Adminis-trator has required notification pursuant to a rule promulgated under section 5. ‘‘(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF PREEMPTION .— Under this subsection, Federal preemption of statutes and administrative actions applica-ble to specific chemical substances shall not occur until the effective date of the applica-ble action described in paragraph (1) taken by the Administrator.’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) N
EWSTATUTES , CRIMINAL PENALTIES , 
ORADMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS CREATING PROHI-
BITIONS OR OTHER RESTRICTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g), beginning on the date on which the Administrator de-fines the scope of a risk evaluation for a chemical substance under section 6(b)(4)(D) and ending on the date on which the deadline established pursuant to section 6(b)(4)(G) for completion of the risk evaluation expires, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3020 May 24, 2016 
on the date on which the Administrator pub-lishes the risk evaluation under section 6(b)(4)(C), whichever is earlier, no State or political subdivision of a State may estab-lish a statute, criminal penalty, or adminis-trative action prohibiting or otherwise re-stricting the manufacture, processing, dis-tribution in commerce, or use of such chem-ical substance that is a high-priority sub-stance designated under section 6(b)(1)(B)(i). ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—This sub-section does not restrict the authority of a State or political subdivision of a State to continue to enforce any statute enacted, criminal penalty assessed, or administrative action taken, prior to the date on which the Administrator defines and publishes the scope of a risk evaluation under section 6(b)(4)(D).’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
COPE OF PREEMPTION .—Federal pre-emption under subsections (a) and (b) of stat-utes, criminal penalties, and administrative actions applicable to specific chemical sub-stances shall apply only to— ‘‘(1) with respect to subsection (a)(1)(A), the chemical substances or category of chemical substances subject to a rule, order, or consent agreement under section 4, 5, or 6. ‘‘(2) with respect to subsection (b), the haz-ards, exposures, risks, and uses or conditions of use of such chemical substances included in the scope of the risk evaluation pursuant to section 6(b)(4)(D); ‘‘(3) with respect to subsection (a)(1)(B), the hazards, exposures, risks, and uses or conditions of use of such chemical sub-stances included in any final action the Ad-ministrator takes pursuant to section 6(a) or 6(i)(1); or ‘‘(4) with respect to subsection (a)(1)(C), the uses of such chemical substances that the Administrator has specified as signifi-cant new uses and for which the Adminis-trator has required notification pursuant to a rule promulgated under section 5. ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) N
O PREEMPTION OF STATUTES AND AD -
MINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act, nor any amendment made by the Frank R. Lau-tenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, nor any rule, standard of performance, risk evaluation, or scientific assessment im-plemented pursuant to this Act, shall affect the right of a State or a political subdivision of a State to adopt or enforce any rule, standard of performance, risk evaluation, scientific assessment, or any other protec-tion for public health or the environment that— ‘‘(i) is adopted or authorized under the au-thority of any other Federal law or adopted to satisfy or obtain authorization or ap-proval under any other Federal law; ‘‘(ii) implements a reporting, monitoring, or other information obligation for the chemical substance not otherwise required by the Administrator under this Act or re-quired under any other Federal law; ‘‘(iii) is adopted pursuant to authority under a law of the State or political subdivi-sion of the State related to water quality, air quality, or waste treatment or disposal, except to the extent that the action— ‘‘(I) imposes a restriction on the manufac-ture, processing, distribution in commerce, or use of a chemical substance; and ‘‘(II)(aa) addresses the same hazards and exposures, with respect to the same condi-tions of use as are included in the scope of the risk evaluation published pursuant to section 6(b)(4)(D), but is inconsistent with the action of the Administrator; or ‘‘(bb) would cause a violation of the appli-cable action by the Administrator under sec-tion 5 or 6; or ‘‘(iv) subject to subparagraph (B), is iden-tical to a requirement prescribed by the Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(B) IDENTICAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The penalties and other sanctions applicable under a law of a State or political subdivision of a State in the event of noncompliance with the identical requirement shall be no more stringent than the penalties and other sanctions available to the Administrator under section 16 of this Act. ‘‘(ii) P
ENALTIES .—In the case of an iden-tical requirement— ‘‘(I) a State or political subdivision of a State may not assess a penalty for a specific violation for which the Administrator has assessed an adequate penalty under section 16; and ‘‘(II) if a State or political subdivision of a State has assessed a penalty for a specific violation, the Administrator may not assess a penalty for that violation in an amount that would cause the total of the penalties assessed for the violation by the State or po-litical subdivision of a State and the Admin-istrator combined to exceed the maximum amount that may be assessed for that viola-tion by the Administrator under section 16. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY TO CERTAIN RULES OR  
ORDERS .— ‘‘(A) P
RIOR RULES AND ORDERS .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as modifying the preemptive effect under this section, as in effect on the day before the effective date of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, of any rule or order promulgated or issued under this Act prior to that effective date. ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN CHEMICAL SUBSTANCES AND  
MIXTURES .—With respect to a chemical sub-stance or mixture for which any rule or order was promulgated or issued under sec-tion 6 prior to the effective date of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act with respect to manufacturing, processing, distribution in commerce, use, or disposal of the chemical substance or mix-ture, nothing in this section shall be con-strued as modifying the preemptive effect of this section as in effect prior to the enact-ment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act of any rule or order that is promulgated or issued with respect to such chemical substance or mix-ture under section 6 after that effective date, unless the latter rule or order is with respect to a chemical substance or mixture con-taining a chemical substance and follows a designation of that chemical substance as a high-priority substance under section 6(b)(1)(B)(i), the identification of that chem-ical substance under section 6(b)(2)(A), or the selection of that chemical substance for risk evaluation under section 6(b)(4)(E)(iv)(II). ‘‘(e) P
RESERVATION OF CERTAIN LAWS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act, sub-ject to subsection (g) of this section, shall— ‘‘(A) be construed to preempt or otherwise affect the authority of a State or political subdivision of a State to continue to enforce any action taken or requirement imposed or requirement enacted relating to a specific chemical substance before April 22, 2016, under the authority of a law of the State or political subdivision of the State that pro-hibits or otherwise restricts manufacturing, processing, distribution in commerce, use, or disposal of a chemical substance; or ‘‘(B) be construed to preempt or otherwise affect any action taken pursuant to a State law that was in effect on August 31, 2003. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—This sub-section does not affect, modify, or alter the relationship between Federal law and laws of a State or political subdivision of a State pursuant to any other Federal law. ‘‘(f) W
AIVERS .— ‘‘(1) DISCRETIONARY EXEMPTIONS .—Upon ap- plication of a State or political subdivision of a State, the Administrator may, by rule, exempt from subsection (a), under such con-ditions as may be prescribed in the rule, a statute, criminal penalty, or administrative action of that State or political subdivision of the State that relates to the effects of ex-posure to a chemical substance under the conditions of use if the Administrator deter-mines that— ‘‘(A) compelling conditions warrant grant-ing the waiver to protect health or the envi-ronment; ‘‘(B) compliance with the proposed require-ment of the State or political subdivision of the State would not unduly burden inter-state commerce in the manufacture, proc-essing, distribution in commerce, or use of a chemical substance; ‘‘(C) compliance with the proposed require-ment of the State or political subdivision of the State would not cause a violation of any applicable Federal law, rule, or order; and ‘‘(D) in the judgment of the Administrator, the proposed requirement of the State or po-litical subdivision of the State is designed to address a risk of a chemical substance, under the conditions of use, that was identified— ‘‘(i) consistent with the best available science; ‘‘(ii) using supporting studies conducted in accordance with sound and objective sci-entific practices; and ‘‘(iii) based on the weight of the scientific evidence. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED EXEMPTIONS .—Upon applica-tion of a State or political subdivision of a State, the Administrator shall exempt from subsection (b) a statute or administrative ac-tion of a State or political subdivision of a State that relates to the effects of exposure to a chemical substance under the conditions of use if the Administrator determines that— ‘‘(A)(i) compliance with the proposed re-quirement of the State or political subdivi-sion of the State would not unduly burden interstate commerce in the manufacture, processing, distribution in commerce, or use of a chemical substance; ‘‘(ii) compliance with the proposed require-ment of the State or political subdivision of the State would not cause a violation of any applicable Federal law, rule, or order; and ‘‘(iii) the State or political subdivision of the State has a concern about the chemical substance or use of the chemical substance based in peer-reviewed science; or ‘‘(B) no later than the date that is 18 months after the date on which the Adminis-trator has initiated the prioritization proc-ess for a chemical substance under the rule promulgated pursuant to section 6(b)(1)(A), or the date on which the Administrator pub-lishes the scope of the risk evaluation for a chemical substance under section 6(b)(4)(D), whichever is sooner, the State or political subdivision of the State has enacted a stat-ute or proposed or finalized an administra-tive action intended to prohibit or otherwise restrict the manufacture, processing, dis-tribution in commerce, or use of the chem-ical substance. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION OF A WAIVER RE -
QUEST .—The duty of the Administrator to grant or deny a waiver application shall be nondelegable and shall be exercised— ‘‘(A) not later than 180 days after the date on which an application under paragraph (1) is submitted; and ‘‘(B) not later than 110 days after the date on which an application under paragraph (2) is submitted. ‘‘(4) F
AILURE TO MAKE A DETERMINATION .—If the Administrator fails to make a deter-mination under paragraph (3)(B) during the 110-day period beginning on the date on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3021 May 24, 2016 
which an application under paragraph (2) is submitted, the statute or administrative ac-tion of the State or political subdivision of the State that was the subject of the applica-tion shall not be considered to be an existing statute or administrative action for purposes of subsection (b) by reason of the failure of the Administrator to make a determination. ‘‘(5) N
OTICE AND COMMENT .—Except in the case of an application approved under para-graph (9), the application of a State or polit-ical subdivision of a State under this sub-section shall be subject to public notice and comment. ‘‘(6) F
INAL AGENCY ACTION .—The decision of the Administrator on the application of a State or political subdivision of a State shall be— ‘‘(A) considered to be a final agency action; and ‘‘(B) subject to judicial review. ‘‘(7) D
URATION OF WAIVERS .—A waiver granted under paragraph (2) or approved under paragraph (9) shall remain in effect until such time as the Administrator pub-lishes the risk evaluation under section 6(b). ‘‘(8) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF WAIVERS .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Administrator makes a determination on an application of a State or political subdivi-sion of a State under paragraph (1) or (2), any person may file a petition for judicial re-view in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over the de-termination. ‘‘(9) A
PPROVAL .— ‘‘(A) A
UTOMATIC APPROVAL .—If the Admin-istrator fails to meet the deadline estab-lished under paragraph (3)(B), the applica-tion of a State or political subdivision of a State under paragraph (2) shall be automati-cally approved, effective on the date that is 10 days after the deadline. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Notwithstanding paragraph (6), approval of a waiver applica-tion under subparagraph (A) for failure to meet the deadline under paragraph (3)(B) shall not be considered final agency action or be subject to judicial review or public no-tice and comment. ‘‘(g) S
AVINGS .— ‘‘(1) N
O PREEMPTION OF COMMON LAW OR  
STATUTORY CAUSES OF ACTION FOR CIVIL RE -
LIEF OR CRIMINAL CONDUCT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act, nor any amendment made by the Frank R. Lau-tenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, nor any standard, rule, requirement, standard of performance, risk evaluation, or scientific assessment implemented pursuant to this Act, shall be construed to preempt, displace, or supplant any State or Federal common law rights or any State or Federal statute creating a remedy for civil relief, in-cluding those for civil damage, or a penalty for a criminal conduct. ‘‘(B) C
LARIFICATION OF NO PREEMPTION .— Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, nothing in this Act, nor any amend-ments made by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, shall preempt or preclude any cause of ac-tion for personal injury, wrongful death, property damage, or other injury based on negligence, strict liability, products liabil-ity, failure to warn, or any other legal the-ory of liability under any State law, mari-time law, or Federal common law or statu-tory theory. ‘‘(2) N
O EFFECT ON PRIVATE REMEDIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act, nor any amendments made by the Frank R. Lau-tenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, nor any rules, regulations, require-ments, risk evaluations, scientific assess-ments, or orders issued pursuant to this Act shall be interpreted as, in either the plain-tiff’s or defendant’s favor, dispositive in any civil action. ‘‘(B) AUTHORITY OF COURTS .—This Act does not affect the authority of any court to make a determination in an adjudicatory proceeding under applicable State or Federal law with respect to the admission into evi-dence or any other use of this Act or rules, regulations, requirements, standards of per-formance, risk evaluations, scientific assess-ments, or orders issued pursuant to this Act.’’. 
SEC. 14. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
Section 19(a) of the Toxic Substances Con-trol Act (15 U.S.C. 2618(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C)(i) Not later than 60 days after the pub-lication of a designation under section 6(b)(1)(B)(ii), any person may commence a civil action to challenge the designation. ‘‘(ii) The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit shall have exclusive jurisdiction over a civil ac-tion filed under this subparagraph.’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 15. CITIZENS’ CIVIL ACTIONS. 
Section 20(b) of the Toxic Substances Con-trol Act (15 U.S.C. 2619(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, ex-cept that no prior notification shall be re-quired in the case of a civil action brought to compel a decision by the Administrator pur-suant to section 18(f)(3)(B); or ‘‘(3) in the case of a civil action brought to compel a decision by the Administrator pur-suant to section 18(f)(3)(B), after the date that is 60 days after the deadline specified in section 18(f)(3)(B).’’. 
SEC. 16. STUDIES. 
Section 25 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2624) is repealed. 
SEC. 17. ADMINISTRATION OF THE ACT. 
Section 26 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2625) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘of a reasonable fee’’; (B) by striking ‘‘data under section 4 or 5 to defray the cost of administering this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘information under section 4 or a notice or other information to be re-viewed by the Administrator under section 5, or who manufactures or processes a chemical substance that is the subject of a risk eval-uation under section 6(b), of a fee that is suf-ficient and not more than reasonably nec-essary to defray the cost related to such chemical substance of administering sec-tions 4, 5, and 6, and collecting, processing, reviewing, and providing access to and pro-tecting from disclosure as appropriate under section 14 information on chemical sub-stances under this title, including contractor costs incurred by the Administrator’’; (C) by striking ‘‘Such rules shall not pro-vide for any fee in excess of $2,500 or, in the case of a small business concern, any fee in excess of $100.’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘submit the data and the cost to the Administrator of reviewing such data’’ and inserting ‘‘pay such fee and the cost to the Administrator of carrying out the activities described in this paragraph’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘para-graph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (4)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) F
UND.— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the TSCA Service Fee Fund (in this paragraph referred to as the ‘Fund’), consisting of such amounts as are deposited in the Fund under this paragraph. ‘‘(B) COLLECTION AND DEPOSIT OF FEES .— Subject to the conditions of subparagraph (C), the Administrator shall collect the fees described in this subsection and deposit those fees in the Fund. ‘‘(C) U
SE OF FUNDS BY ADMINISTRATOR .— Fees authorized under this section shall be collected and available for obligation only to the extent and in the amount provided in ad-vance in appropriations Acts, and shall be available without fiscal year limitation for use in defraying the costs of the activities described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(D) A
CCOUNTING AND AUDITING .— ‘‘(i) A
CCOUNTING .—The Administrator shall biennially prepare and submit to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes an accounting of the fees paid to the Administrator under this paragraph and amounts disbursed from the Fund for the period covered by the report, as reflected by financial statements provided in accordance with sections 3515 and 3521 of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(ii) A
UDITING .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—For the purpose of sec-tion 3515(c) of title 31, United States Code, the Fund shall be considered a component of a covered executive agency. ‘‘(II) C
OMPONENTS OF AUDIT .—The annual audit required in accordance with sections 3515 and 3521 of title 31, United States Code, of the financial statements of activities car-ried out using amounts from the Fund shall include an analysis of— ‘‘(aa) the fees collected and amounts dis-bursed under this subsection; ‘‘(bb) the reasonableness of the fees in place as of the date of the audit to meet cur-rent and projected costs of administering the provisions of this title for which the fees may be used; and ‘‘(cc) the number of requests for a risk evaluation made by manufacturers under section 6(b)(4)(C)(ii). ‘‘(III) F
EDERAL RESPONSIBILITY .—The In- spector General of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency shall conduct the annual audit described in subclause (II) and submit to the Administrator a report that describes the findings and any recommendations of the Inspector General resulting from the audit. ‘‘(4) A
MOUNT AND ADJUSTMENT OF FEES; RE-
FUNDS .—In setting fees under this section, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) prescribe lower fees for small business concerns, after consultation with the Admin-istrator of the Small Business Administra-tion; ‘‘(B) set the fees established under para-graph (1) at levels such that the fees will, in aggregate, provide a sustainable source of funds to annually defray— ‘‘(i) the lower of— ‘‘(I) 25 percent of the costs to the Adminis-trator of carrying out sections 4, 5, and 6, and of collecting, processing, reviewing, and providing access to and protecting from dis-closure as appropriate under section 14 infor-mation on chemical substances under this title, other than the costs to conduct and complete risk evaluations under section 6(b); or ‘‘(II) $25,000,000 (subject to adjustment pur-suant to subparagraph (F)); and ‘‘(ii) the costs of risk evaluations specified in subparagraph (D); ‘‘(C) reflect an appropriate balance in the assessment of fees between manufacturers and processors, and allow the payment of fees by consortia of manufacturers or proc-essors; ‘‘(D) notwithstanding subparagraph (B)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3022 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), for chemical substances for which the Adminis-trator has granted a request from a manufac-turer pursuant to section 6(b)(4)(C)(ii), estab-lish the fee at a level sufficient to defray the full costs to the Administrator of conducting the risk evaluation under section 6(b); ‘‘(ii) for chemical substances for which the Administrator has granted a request from a manufacturer pursuant to section 6(b)(4)(C)(ii), and which are included in the 2014 update of the TSCA Work Plan for Chemical Assessments, establish the fee at a level sufficient to defray 50 percent of the costs to the Administrator of conducting the risk evaluation under section 6(b); and ‘‘(iii) apply fees collected pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) only to defray the costs described in those clauses; ‘‘(E) prior to the establishment or amend-ment of any fees under paragraph (1), consult and meet with parties potentially subject to the fees or their representatives, subject to the condition that no obligation under the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) or subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, is applicable with re-spect to such meetings; ‘‘(F) beginning with the fiscal year that is 3 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, and every 3 years thereafter, after consultation with parties potentially subject to the fees and their rep-resentatives pursuant to subparagraph (E), increase or decrease the fees established under paragraph (1) as necessary to adjust for inflation and to ensure that funds depos-ited in the Fund are sufficient to defray— ‘‘(i) approximately but not more than 25 percent of the costs to the Administrator of carrying out sections 4, 5, and 6, and of col-lecting, processing, reviewing, and providing access to and protecting from disclosure as appropriate under section 14 information on chemical substances under this title, other than the costs to conduct and complete risk evaluations requested under section 6(b)(4)(C)(ii); and ‘‘(ii) the costs of risk evaluations specified in subparagraph (D); and ‘‘(G) if a notice submitted under section 5 is not reviewed or such a notice is with-drawn, refund the fee or a portion of the fee if no substantial work was performed on the notice. ‘‘(5) M
INIMUM AMOUNT OF APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—Fees may not be assessed for a fiscal year under this section unless the amount of appropriations for the Chemical Risk Review and Reduction program project of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency for the fiscal year (excluding the amount of any fees ap-propriated for the fiscal year) are equal to or greater than the amount of appropriations for that program project for fiscal year 2014. ‘‘(6) T
ERMINATION .—The authority provided by this subsection shall terminate at the conclusion of the fiscal year that is 10 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act unless otherwise reauthorized or modified by Congress.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) S
CIENTIFIC STANDARDS .—In carrying out sections 4, 5, and 6, to the extent that the Administrator makes a decision based on science, the Administrator shall use sci-entific information, technical procedures, measures, methods, protocols, methodolo-gies, or models, employed in a manner con-sistent with the best available science, and shall consider as applicable— ‘‘(1) the extent to which the scientific in-formation, technical procedures, measures, methods, protocols, methodologies, or mod-els employed to generate the information are reasonable for and consistent with the in-tended use of the information; ‘‘(2) the extent to which the information is relevant for the Administrator’s use in mak-ing a decision about a chemical substance or mixture; ‘‘(3) the degree of clarity and completeness with which the data, assumptions, methods, quality assurance, and analyses employed to generate the information are documented; ‘‘(4) the extent to which the variability and uncertainty in the information, or in the procedures, measures, methods, protocols, methodologies, or models, are evaluated and characterized; and ‘‘(5) the extent of independent verification or peer review of the information or of the procedures, measures, methods, protocols, methodologies, or models. ‘‘(i) WEIGHT OF SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE .—The Administrator shall make decisions under sections 4, 5, and 6 based on the weight of the scientific evidence. ‘‘(j) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .—Sub- ject to section 14, the Administrator shall make available to the public— ‘‘(1) all notices, determinations, findings, rules, consent agreements, and orders of the Administrator under this title; ‘‘(2) any information required to be pro-vided to the Administrator under section 4; ‘‘(3) a nontechnical summary of each risk evaluation conducted under section 6(b); ‘‘(4) a list of the studies considered by the Administrator in carrying out each such risk evaluation, along with the results of those studies; and ‘‘(5) each designation of a chemical sub-stance under section 6(b), along with an iden-tification of the information, analysis, and basis used to make the designations. ‘‘(k) R
EASONABLY AVAILABLE INFORMA -
TION.—In carrying out sections 4, 5, and 6, the Administrator shall take into consider-ation information relating to a chemical substance or mixture, including hazard and exposure information, under the conditions of use, that is reasonably available to the Administrator. ‘‘(l) P
OLICIES , P ROCEDURES , AND GUID-
ANCE .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall de-velop any policies, procedures, and guidance the Administrator determines are necessary to carry out the amendments to this Act made by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lau-tenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, and not less frequently than once every 5 years thereafter, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) review the adequacy of the policies, procedures, and guidance developed under paragraph (1), including with respect to ani-mal, nonanimal, and epidemiological test methods and procedures for assessing and de-termining risk under this title; and ‘‘(B) revise such policies, procedures, and guidance as the Administrator determines necessary to reflect new scientific develop-ments or understandings. ‘‘(3) T
ESTING OF CHEMICAL SUBSTANCES AND  
MIXTURES .—The policies, procedures, and guidance developed under paragraph (1) ap-plicable to testing chemical substances and mixtures shall— ‘‘(A) address how and when the exposure level or exposure potential of a chemical substance or mixture would factor into deci-sions to require new testing, subject to the condition that the Administrator shall not interpret the lack of exposure information as a lack of exposure or exposure potential; and ‘‘(B) describe the manner in which the Ad-ministrator will determine that additional information is necessary to carry out this title, including information relating to po-tentially exposed or susceptible populations. ‘‘(4) CHEMICAL SUBSTANCES WITH COMPLETED  
RISK ASSESSMENTS .—With respect to a chem-ical substance listed in the 2014 update to the TSCA Work Plan for Chemical Assessments for which the Administrator has published a completed risk assessment prior to the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator may publish proposed and final rules under section 6(a) that are con-sistent with the scope of the completed risk assessment for the chemical substance and consistent with other applicable require-ments of section 6. ‘‘(5) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lau-tenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall develop guid-ance to assist interested persons in devel-oping and submitting draft risk evaluations which shall be considered by the Adminis-trator. The guidance shall, at a minimum, address the quality of the information sub-mitted and the process to be followed in de-veloping draft risk evaluations for consider-ation by the Administrator. ‘‘(m) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Commit-tees on Environment and Public Works and Appropriations of the Senate a report con-taining an estimation of— ‘‘(A) the capacity of the Environmental Protection Agency to conduct and publish risk evaluations under section 6(b)(4)(C)(i), and the resources necessary to conduct the minimum number of risk evaluations re-quired under section 6(b)(2); ‘‘(B) the capacity of the Environmental Protection Agency to conduct and publish risk evaluations under section 6(b)(4)(C)(ii), the likely demand for such risk evaluations, and the anticipated schedule for accommo-dating that demand; ‘‘(C) the capacity of the Environmental Protection Agency to promulgate rules under section 6(a) as required based on risk evaluations conducted and published under section 6(b); and ‘‘(D) the actual and anticipated efforts of the Environmental Protection Agency to in-crease the Agency’s capacity to conduct and publish risk evaluations under section 6(b). ‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT REPORTS .—The Adminis-trator shall update and resubmit the report described in paragraph (1) not less frequently than once every 5 years. ‘‘(n) A
NNUAL PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall inform the public regarding the schedule and the resources necessary for the completion of each risk evaluation as soon as practicable after initiating the risk evaluation. ‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION OF PLAN .—At the begin-ning of each calendar year, the Adminis-trator shall publish an annual plan that— ‘‘(A) identifies the chemical substances for which risk evaluations are expected to be initiated or completed that year and the re-sources necessary for their completion; ‘‘(B) describes the status of each risk eval-uation that has been initiated but not yet completed; and ‘‘(C) if the schedule for completion of a risk evaluation has changed, includes an up-dated schedule for that risk evaluation. ‘‘(o) C
ONSULTATION WITHSCIENCE ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE ON CHEMICALS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3023 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, the Administrator shall estab-lish an advisory committee, to be known as the Science Advisory Committee on Chemi-cals (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Com-mittee shall be to provide independent ad-vice and expert consultation, at the request of the Administrator, with respect to the sci-entific and technical aspects of issues relat-ing to the implementation of this title. ‘‘(3) C
OMPOSITION .—The Committee shall be composed of representatives of such science, government, labor, public health, public in-terest, animal protection, industry, and other groups as the Administrator deter-mines to be advisable, including representa-tives that have specific scientific expertise in the relationship of chemical exposures to women, children, and other potentially ex-posed or susceptible subpopulations. ‘‘(4) S
CHEDULE .—The Administrator shall convene the Committee in accordance with such schedule as the Administrator deter-mines to be appropriate, but not less fre-quently than once every 2 years. ‘‘(p) P
RIOR ACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) R
ULES , ORDERS , AND EXEMPTIONS .— Nothing in the Frank R. Lautenberg Chem-ical Safety for the 21st Century Act elimi-nates, modifies, or withdraws any rule pro-mulgated, order issued, or exemption estab-lished pursuant to this Act before the date of enactment of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. ‘‘(2) P
RIOR-INITIATED EVALUATIONS .—Noth- ing in this Act prevents the Administrator from initiating a risk evaluation regarding a chemical substance, or from continuing or completing such risk evaluation, prior to the effective date of the policies, procedures, and guidance required to be developed by the Ad-ministrator pursuant to the amendments made by the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. ‘‘(3) A
CTIONS COMPLETED PRIOR TO COMPLE -
TION OF POLICIES , PROCEDURES , AND GUID -
ANCE .—Nothing in this Act requires the Ad-ministrator to revise or withdraw a com-pleted risk evaluation, determination, or rule under this Act solely because the action was completed prior to the development of a policy, procedure, or guidance pursuant to the amendments made by the Frank R. Lau-tenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act.’’. 
SEC. 18. STATE PROGRAMS. 
Section 28 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2627) is amended by striking subsections (c) and (d). 
SEC. 19. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1 of the Toxic Substances Control Act is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 6 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 6. Prioritization, risk evaluation, and regulation of chemical sub-stances and mixtures.’’; (2) by striking the item relating to section 10 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 10. Research, development, collection, dissemination, and utilization of information.’’; (3) by striking the item relating to section 14 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 14. Confidential information.’’; and (4) by striking the item relating to section 25. (b) S
ECTION 2.—Section 2(b)(1) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘data’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘information’’. (c) SECTION 3.—Section 3 of the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2602) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (8) (as redesignated by sec-tion 3 of this Act), by striking ‘‘data’’ and in-serting ‘‘information’’; and (2) in paragraph (15) (as redesignated by section 3 of this Act)— (A) by striking ‘‘standards’’ and inserting ‘‘protocols and methodologies’’; (B) by striking ‘‘test data’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘information’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘data’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘information’’. (d) S
ECTION 4.—Section 4 of the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2603) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by adding ‘‘, 
ORDER , OR CONSENT AGREEMENT ’’ at the end; and (ii) by striking ‘‘rule’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agree-ment’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘rules’’ and inserting ‘‘rules, orders, and consent agreements’’; (C) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘rule’’ and inserting ‘‘rule or order’’; and (D) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘rule under subsection (a)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement under sub-section (a)’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘repeals the rule’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘repeals the rule or order or modifies the consent agree-ment to terminate the requirement’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘repeals the application of the rule’’ and inserting ‘‘repeals or modifies the application of the rule, order, or consent agreement’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘rule’’ and inserting ‘‘rule or order’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a rule under subsection (a) or for which data is being developed pursuant to such a rule’’ and inserting ‘‘a rule, order, or consent agree-ment under subsection (a) or for which infor-mation is being developed pursuant to such a rule, order, or consent agreement’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘such rule or which is being developed pursuant to such rule’’ and inserting ‘‘such rule, order, or consent agreement or which is being devel-oped pursuant to such rule, order, or consent agreement’’; and (iii) in the matter following subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the rule’’ and inserting ‘‘the rule or order’’; (C) in paragraph (3)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘rule promulgated’’ and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’; and (D) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘rule promulgated’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘such rule’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘such rule, order, or consent agreement’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the rule’’ and inserting ‘‘the rule or order’’; (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘rule’’ and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agree-ment’’; and (4) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘rule’’ and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agree-ment’’. (e) S
ECTION 5.—Section 5 of the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2604) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘rule promulgated’’ and in-serting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘such rule’’ and inserting ‘‘such rule, order, or consent agreement’’; (B) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘rule promulgated’’ and inserting ‘‘rule or order’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘rule promulgated’’ and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘rule’’ and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’. (f) SECTION 7.—Section 7(a) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2606(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the matter fol-lowing subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘a rule under section 4, 5, 6, or title IV or an order under section 5 or title IV’’ and inserting ‘‘a determination under section 5 or 6, a rule under section 4, 5, or 6 or title IV, an order under section 4, 5, or 6 or title IV, or a con-sent agreement under section 4’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘sub-section 6(d)(2)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6(d)(3)(A)(i)’’. (g) S
ECTION 8.—Section 8(a) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2607(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(E), by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘information’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(A)(ii)(I), by striking ‘‘or an order in effect under section 5(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘, an order in effect under section 4 or 5(e), or a consent agreement under sec-tion 4’’. (h) S
ECTION 9.—Section 9 of the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2608) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 6’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 6(a)’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Health, Education, and Welfare’’ and inserting ‘‘Health and Human Services’’. (i) S
ECTION 10.—Section 10 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2609) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
DATA’’ and inserting ‘‘ INFORMATION ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Health, Education, and Welfare’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘D
ATA’’ and inserting ‘‘I NFORMATION ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘in-formation’’ in paragraph (1); (C) by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘in-formation’’ in paragraph (2)(A); and (D) by striking ‘‘a data’’ and inserting ‘‘an information’’ in paragraph (2)(B); and (4) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘information’’. (j) S
ECTION 11.—Section 11(b)(2) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2610(b)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘data’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘information’’; and (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘rule promulgated’’ and inserting ‘‘rule promul-gated, order issued, or consent agreement en-tered into’’. (k) S
ECTION 12.—Section 12(b)(1) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2611(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘data’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘infor-mation’’. (l) S
ECTION 15.—Section 15(1) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2614(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(A) any rule’’ and all that follows through ‘‘or (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘any requirement of this title or any rule promulgated, order issued, or consent agree-ment entered into under this title, or’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3024 May 24, 2016 
(m) S ECTION 19.—Section 19 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2618) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘Not later than 60 days after the date of the promulgation of a rule under section 4(a), 5(a)(2), 5(b)(4), 6(a), 6(e), or 8, or under title II or IV’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise provided in this title, not later than 60 days after the date on which a rule is promulgated under this title, title II, or title IV, or the date on which an order is issued under section 4, 5(e), 5(f), or 6(i)(1),’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘such rule’’ and inserting ‘‘such rule or order’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘such a rule’’ and insert-ing ‘‘such a rule or order’’; (B) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) by striking ‘‘Courts’’ and inserting ‘‘Ex-cept as otherwise provided in this title, courts’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 6(b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘this title, other than an order under section 4, 5(e), 5(f), or 6(i)(1),’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘rulemaking record’’ and in-serting ‘‘record’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘based the rule’’ and insert-ing ‘‘based the rule or order’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘review a rule’’ and insert-ing ‘‘review a rule, or an order under section 4, 5(e), 5(f), or 6(i)(1),’’; (B) by striking ‘‘such rule’’ and inserting ‘‘such rule or order’’; (C) by striking ‘‘the rule’’ and inserting ‘‘the rule or order’’; (D) by striking ‘‘new rule’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘new rule or order’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘modified rule’’ and insert-ing ‘‘modified rule or order’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘a rule’’ and inserting ‘‘a rule or order’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘such rule’’ and inserting ‘‘such rule or order’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘a rule’’ and inserting ‘‘a rule or order’’; (II) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) in the case of review of— ‘‘(I) a rule under section 4(a), 5(b)(4), 6(a) (including review of the associated deter-mination under section 6(b)(4)(A)), or 6(e), the standard for review prescribed by para-graph (2)(E) of such section 706 shall not apply and the court shall hold unlawful and set aside such rule if the court finds that the rule is not supported by substantial evidence in the rulemaking record taken as a whole; and ‘‘(II) an order under section 4, 5(e), 5(f), or 6(i)(1), the standard for review prescribed by paragraph (2)(E) of such section 706 shall not apply and the court shall hold unlawful and set aside such order if the court finds that the order is not supported by substantial evi-dence in the record taken as a whole; and’’; and (III) by striking clauses (ii) and (iii) and the matter after clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) the court may not review the contents and adequacy of any statement of basis and purpose required by section 553(c) of title 5, United States Code, to be incorporated in the rule or order, except as part of the record, taken as a whole.’’; and (iii) by striking subparagraph (C); and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘any rule’’ and inserting ‘‘any rule or order’’. (n) S ECTION 20.—Section 20(a)(1) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2619(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘order issued under section 5’’ and inserting ‘‘order issued under section 4 or 5’’. (o) S
ECTION 21.—Section 21 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2620) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘order under section 5(e) or (6)(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘order under section 4 or 5(e) or (f)’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘order under section 5(e), 6(b)(1)(A), or 6(b)(1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘order under section 4 or 5(e) or (f)’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘order under section 5(e) or 6(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘order under section 4 or 5(e) or (f)’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘order under section 5(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘order under sec-tion 4 or 5(e)’’; and (iii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘section 6 or 8 or an order under section 6(b)(2), there is a reasonable basis to conclude that the issuance of such a rule or order is necessary to protect health or the environment against an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6(a) or 8 or an order under section 5(f), the chem-ical substance or mixture to be subject to such rule or order presents an unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment, without consideration of costs or other nonrisk factors, including an unreasonable risk to a potentially exposed or susceptible subpopulation, under the conditions of use’’. (p) S
ECTION 24.—Section 24(b)(2)(B) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2623(b)(2)(B)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (i); (2) by striking clause (ii); and (3) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (ii). (q) S
ECTION 26.—Section 26 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2625) is amended— (1) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Health, Education, and Welfare’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; and (2) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘information’’. (r) S
ECTION 27.—Section 27(a) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2626(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Health, Education, and Welfare’’ and inserting ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (2) by striking ‘‘test data’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘information’’; (3) by striking ‘‘rules promulgated’’ and in-serting ‘‘rules, orders, or consent agree-ments’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘standards’’ and inserting ‘‘protocols and methodologies’’. (s) S
ECTION 30.—Section 30(2) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2629(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘rule’’ and inserting ‘‘rule, order, or consent agreement’’. 
SEC. 20. NO RETROACTIVITY. 
Nothing in sections 1 through 19, or the amendments made by sections 1 through 19, shall be interpreted to apply retroactively to any State, Federal, or maritime legal action filed before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 21. TREVOR’S LAW. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to provide the appropriate Federal agencies with the authority to help conduct investigations into potential cancer clusters; (2) to ensure that Federal agencies have the authority to undertake actions to help address cancer clusters and factors that may contribute to the creation of potential can-cer clusters; and (3) to enable Federal agencies to coordi-nate with other Federal, State, and local agencies, institutes of higher education, and the public in investigating and addressing cancer clusters. (b) DESIGNATION AND INVESTIGATION OF PO-
TENTIAL CANCER CLUSTERS .—Part P of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 399V–6. DESIGNATION AND INVESTIGATION OF POTENTIAL CANCER CLUSTERS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
ANCER CLUSTER .—The term ‘cancer cluster’ means the incidence of a particular cancer within a population group, a geo-graphical area, and a period of time that is greater than expected for such group, area, and period. ‘‘(2) P
ARTICULAR CANCER .—The term ‘par-ticular cancer’ means one specific type of cancer or a type of cancers scientifically proven to have the same cause. ‘‘(3) P
OPULATION GROUP .—The term ‘popu-lation group’ means a group, for purposes of calculating cancer rates, defined by factors such as race, ethnicity, age, or gender. ‘‘(b) C
RITERIA FOR DESIGNATION OF POTEN -
TIAL CANCER CLUSTERS .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT OF CRITERIA .—The Sec- retary shall develop criteria for the designa-tion of potential cancer clusters. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The criteria devel-oped under paragraph (1) shall consider, as appropriate— ‘‘(A) a standard for cancer cluster identi-fication and reporting protocols used to de-termine when cancer incidence is greater than would be typically observed; ‘‘(B) scientific screening standards that en-sure that a cluster of a particular cancer in-volves the same type of cancer, or types of cancers; ‘‘(C) the population in which the cluster of a particular cancer occurs by factors such as race, ethnicity, age, and gender, for purposes of calculating cancer rates; ‘‘(D) the boundaries of a geographic area in which a cluster of a particular cancer occurs so as not to create or obscure a potential cluster by selection of a specific area; and ‘‘(E) the time period over which the num-ber of cases of a particular cancer, or the cal-culation of an expected number of cases, oc-curs. ‘‘(c) G
UIDELINES FOR INVESTIGATION OF PO-
TENTIAL CANCER CLUSTERS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Council of State and Territorial Epidemiologists and rep-resentatives of State and local health de-partments, shall develop, publish, and peri-odically update guidelines for investigating potential cancer clusters. The guidelines shall— ‘‘(1) recommend that investigations of can-cer clusters— ‘‘(A) use the criteria developed under sub-section (b); ‘‘(B) use the best available science; and ‘‘(C) rely on a weight of the scientific evi-dence; ‘‘(2) provide standardized methods of re-viewing and categorizing data, including from health surveillance systems and reports of potential cancer clusters; and ‘‘(3) provide guidance for using appropriate epidemiological and other approaches for in-vestigations. ‘‘(d) I
NVESTIGATION OF CANCER CLUSTERS .— ‘‘(1) S
ECRETARY DISCRETION .—The Sec-retary— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3025 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(A) in consultation with representatives of the relevant State and local health de-partments, shall consider whether it is ap-propriate to conduct an investigation of a potential cancer cluster; and ‘‘(B) in conducting investigations shall have the discretion to prioritize certain po-tential cancer clusters, based on the avail-ability of resources. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—In investigating po-tential cancer clusters, the Secretary shall coordinate with agencies within the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services and other Federal agencies, such as the Environ-mental Protection Agency. ‘‘(3) B
IOMONITORING .—In investigating po-tential cancer clusters, the Secretary shall rely on all appropriate biomonitoring infor-mation collected under other Federal pro-grams, such as the National Health and Nu-trition Examination Survey. The Secretary may provide technical assistance for rel-evant biomonitoring studies of other Federal agencies. ‘‘(e) D
UTIES .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that appropriate staff of agen-cies within the Department of Health and Human Services are prepared to provide timely assistance, to the extent practicable, upon receiving a request to investigate a po-tential cancer cluster from a State or local health authority; ‘‘(2) maintain staff expertise in epidemi-ology, toxicology, data analysis, environ-mental health and cancer surveillance, expo-sure assessment, pediatric health, pollution control, community outreach, health edu-cation, laboratory sampling and analysis, spatial mapping, and informatics; ‘‘(3) consult with community members as investigations into potential cancer clusters are conducted, as the Secretary determines appropriate; ‘‘(4) collect, store, and disseminate reports on investigations of potential cancer clus-ters, the possible causes of such clusters, and the actions taken to address such clusters; and ‘‘(5) provide technical assistance for inves-tigating cancer clusters to State and local health departments through existing pro-grams, such as the Epi-Aids program of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Assessments of Chemical Exposures Program of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry.’’. TITLE II—RURAL HEALTHCARE CONNECTIVITY 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Rural Healthcare Connectivity Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 202. TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES FOR SKILLED NURSING FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 254(h)(7)(B) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254(h)(7)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause (viii); (3) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vii) skilled nursing facilities (as defined in section 1819(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395i–3(a))); and’’; and (4) in clause (viii), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘clauses (i) through (vi)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clauses (i) through (vii)’’. (b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in sub-section (a) shall be construed to affect the aggregate annual cap on Federal universal service support for health care providers under section 54.675 of title 47, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, or any successor regula-tion. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply beginning on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. The gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on H.R. 2576. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2576, the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, a bipartisan, bicameral bill to up-date the way our Nation assesses and manages the risks posed by chemicals and the products that contain them. This is sweeping legislation, Mr. Speaker, with monumental benefits for virtually every man, woman, and child in the United States. The culmination of a multiyear, multi-Congress effort, this legislation on the floor today will mark the first consequential update of the Toxic Substances Control Act, or TSCA, in 40 years. Mr. Speaker, I talked at a graduation event over the weekend, and I said this in the Rules Committee last night. In 1976, I was graduating high school. That was the year we wore plaid bell- bottoms, silk shirts, platform shoes, and I had an Afro. It was not a pretty sight. Much like the bill, the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act, well intentioned, was not a pretty sight. When TSCA was enacted in 1976, it was not meant to examine all chemical manufacturing and uses, but, rather, to create a backstop of protection when potential dangers were otherwise not being addressed. In the nearly four decades since then, concerns have mounted over the pace of the EPA’s evaluation of chemicals, the ability of the Agency to meaning-fully use its existing authority, and whether the law permits certain regu-latory actions. In short, Mr. Speaker, there is a widespread acknowledgment and un-derstandable concern that nobody is well served by the current law. This absence of workable Federal standards has also fostered a patch-work of State regulations. While well intentioned, these State actions have ultimately led to public confusion and a marketplace that has become in-creasingly uneven, unpredictable, and incompatible with economic and regu-latory realities. To stem the tide of uncertainty and protect Americans in every State, al-most 1 year ago this Chamber passed legislation to bring TSCA into the 21st century by an overwhelming 398–1 vote and 6 months later our friends in the other body moved their own package of bipartisan TSCA reforms. While both efforts were broadly sup-ported, the House and Senate bills were quite different in size and scope. These differences left many issues that need-ed to be resolved, requiring many hours of complex discussions and difficult de-cisions to get us where we are today. The end result of that work is a vast improvement over current law and a careful compromise that is good for consumers, good for jobs, and good for the environment. So what does the Frank R. Lauten-berg Chemical Safety for the 21st Cen-tury Act actually do? The bill gives the EPA more direct tools to obtain testing information on chemical substances, an improvement over the lengthy process they now face. It restructures the way existing chemicals are evaluated and regulated, allowing a purely scientific evaluation to guide those decisions. It clarifies the treatment of trade se-crets submitted to the EPA and en-sures that the Agency uses only high- quality science in their decision-making. It updates the collection of fees need-ed to support the EPA’s implementa-tion of TSCA. Finally, it organizes the Federal- State regulatory relationship in a way that promotes interstate and global commerce while recognizing the efforts already taken by several States. I look forward to this afternoon’s de-bate. I urge my colleagues to support this landmark legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation named after the late Sen-ator Frank R. Lautenberg from New Jersey, a great friend of mine and a longtime environmental champion. The Toxic Substance Control Act, or TSCA, has not been updated since it was adopted 40 years ago. For decades we have known that the law is broken. So this legislation is long past due, and I hope that it will soon become law. Had the law worked effectively from the beginning, we might never have had BPA in baby bottles or toxic flame retardants in children’s pajamas and in our living room couches. Workers may have also been protected from exposure to asbestos decades ago. Let me stress that last point. In 1989, after more than 10 years of study and analysis, the EPA banned asbestos under TSCA, but the ban was over-turned by the courts because of serious flaws in the statute and serious limita-tions on the EPA’s authority. That court decision came down 25 years ago. Imagine the lives that could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.002 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3026 May 24, 2016 
have been saved and the injuries that could have been prevented if that ban had stood. Now, reforming this law is about pre-venting injuries and saving lives. It is about protecting vulnerable popu-lations: infants, children, workers, the elderly, and communities that are dis-proportionately exposed to toxic chemicals. It is about getting dangerous chemi-cals like lead, mercury, and asbestos out of our consumer products, out of commerce, and out of the environment. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today is a step forward in reaching this im-portant goal. Let me briefly describe some of the improvements. This bill would make it easier for the EPA to require testing of chemicals by allowing them to act through orders instead of rulemakings. It will also make it easier for the EPA to regulate chemicals by remov-ing procedural hurdles in current law and providing more resources through user fees. It will ensure that new chemicals are reviewed and regulated, if necessary, before they go on the market, and it will improve transparency by requiring manufacturers to substantiate their claims that information should be pro-tected as confidential business infor-mation. These are all major improvements over current law, but this is a com-promise bill. It is not the bill that Democrats would have written if we were in the majority. I understand that some of my colleagues will oppose this legislation today, and I certainly re-spect their position. On the substantive side, the bill could make it harder for the EPA and citizens to use some of the tools that have proven effective under current law, including significant new use rules and citizen petitions. I would have pre-ferred to leave those tools intact, but, hopefully, the new tools we are giving the Agency will more than make up for those changes. We also work to reduce the role of animal testing in ensuring that chemi-cals in commerce are safe. While there has long been broad agreement that animal tests should be a last resort, I had concerns, as did others, that past versions of this bill would keep nec-essary science out of the EPA’s hands. I am pleased that the language has been improved and now states explic-itly that scientific studies should not be kept from the EPA once they are done. If the studies are done, animals are not helped by keeping the data from the EPA. Now, on the issue of preemption, which is so important to so many of my colleagues, including myself, the bill creates a significant new type of preemption which many call pause pre-emption. Under the bill, States will be barred from acting when the EPA starts eval-uating a chemical instead of when Fed-eral regulations are in place. This is unprecedented and has raised signifi-cant concerns from many Members, myself included. In recent weeks, House Democrats have secured several important changes to reduce the impact of pause preemption. Some were included in the Rules Committee print that was filed on Friday, and some were included in the manager’s amendment that was filed yesterday. I just want to briefly describe these changes. First, we have made changes to en-sure that States would have lead time and notice before EPA begins to study a chemical so that they can propose or finalize restrictions before the pause begins. Those changes particularly ben-efit States that act through regulation as opposed to legislation. Second, we worked to exclude from the pause the first group of chemicals that the EPA will review. Since the EPA must begin those reviews in the next 6 months, States will not have lead time to finish their work on those chemicals. This change helps States that are currently working on restric-tions for chemicals that are likely to be top EPA priorities. Third, we were able to exclude top- priority chemicals from the pause if the manufacturer of the chemical re-quests EPA review. This change is complicated, but important. Without this change, manufacturers would be able to abuse the system and seek EPA review as a way to cut off a pending State action. Finally, Mr. Speaker, we clarified the scope of preemption in order to make clear that States are only preempted from regulating the uses that the EPA has studied or regulated. In total, these changes are enough to allow me to support the bill. So, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank three of my colleagues who worked tirelessly over the last week to get these changes included in this final bill. First is our Environment and the Economy Subcommittee ranking mem-ber, P
AULTONKO . I also want to thank Leader P
ELOSI and our whip, Mr. H
OYER . All three of them played an in-tegral part in strengthening the pack-age before us today. I am happy to support this bill to move forward with more protection for public health, for the environment, for vulnerable populations, and for vulner-able communities. While this is a compromise bill, it is a long overdue step forward in pro-tecting families and communities from toxic chemicals. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. U
PTON ), the chairman of the full committee. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, today real-ly does mark a milestone, a milestone for our majority, a milestone for this Congress, and a milestone for the American people, as we make great strides to update our Nation’s chemical safety laws. Folks said it could not be done, espe-cially with Republicans in Congress and a Democratic President. This was a multiyear effort that dates back to at least the last Congress. But we took the time, and we did the hard work. We put in countless hours of discus-sions and negotiations virtually every weekend, and it paid off. This legisla-tion will have monumental impacts for commerce, the environment, and pub-lic health. In 1976, under the leadership of Michigan’s great President Jerry Ford, TSCA was a novel approach to regu-lating interstate commercial activity to address unreasonable risks pre-sented by a chemical. It was not meant to examine every piece of chemical manufacturing and use, but, rather, to provide a backstop of protection when suspicions about dangerous chemicals were not being ad-dressed. In the nearly 40 years since TSCA’s enactment, there have been persistent concerns about the pace of the EPA’s work on chemicals, the ability of the Agency to meaningfully use its exist-ing authority, and whether the statute prevents certain regulatory efforts. Over the last 3 years, the House En-ergy and Commerce Committee has conducted nine hearings, all on the as-pects of TSCA. We learned that there is public confusion about chemical-spe-cific safety claims. We learned that people think that the EPA should clear up that confusion and be more diligent on risky chemicals. Finally, we learned that companies and workers were disadvantaged in a domestic and global marketplace where conflicting regulatory standards, indeed, hamper trade. Within the last decade, a variety of factors, including the EPA’s slow pace in regulating chemicals already on the market, have led to several new State chemical control statutes. Some States have passed laws rang-ing from specific chemical restrictions to general chemical labeling require-ments, like Prop 65 in California. Meanwhile, some retailers have called out for an objective scientific assess-ment of chemicals in consumer prod-ucts. Almost a year ago our committee unanimously reported this bill and the House passed it 398–1. In December, the Senate approved a package of TSCA re-forms. The Senate’s bill was quite dif-ferent from the House, but the com-promise agreement—this one—includes many of the Senate policy details. b1500 The resolution before us gives EPA more direct tools in obtaining testing information on chemical substances, specifying key points in the evaluation and regulatory process where EPA may order testing. In addition, the com-promise text reduces animal testing re-quired under TSCA. It restructures the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.046 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3027 May 24, 2016 
way existing chemicals are evaluated and regulated. The bill clarifies the treatment of trade secrets submitted to EPA. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
IBBLE ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. Mr. UPTON. The resolution specifies that EPA must protect trade secrets submitted to it for a renewable period of 10 years. The resolution also creates a new system to claim, substantiate and resubstantiate, review, and adju-dicate requests for protection of trade secrets. Finally, it organizes the Federal- State regulatory relationship in a way that makes sense for promoting inter-state and global commerce, but also recognizes the efforts taken by a num-ber of States. The amendment makes accommodations for some existing State requirements and tort actions as well. Today, we have a landmark, bipar-tisan, bicameral agreement that makes substantial changes to the existing law. This resolution is supported by a broad coalition of stakeholders, rang-ing from environmental and public health groups to large and small indus-trial organizations. It is worthy of every Member’s support. Before I close, I want to say a word of thanks to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, F
RANK PALLONE and P
AULTONKO . I know the last couple of weeks have not exactly been a picnic— a few ants, et cetera—but they know that this is a better bill because of their involvement. But the real impe-tus behind this whole project has been J
OHN SHIMKUS . What a guy. Without his leadership, we simply never would have reached this point. Also, I want to thank the dedicated and hardworking staff who tirelessly worked to get us where we are today: Dave McCarthy, Jerry Couri, Tina Richards, and Chris Sarley. I thank them all. At times it may not have been a labor of love, but we have got a finished product that will indeed make a difference. This bill is good for jobs. It is good for consumers. It is good for the envi-ronment. It is the most meaningful and impactful update to issues involving the environment and the economy that we have made in many decades, and soon it will be law. The President will sign it, and he will be grateful for all of our hard work, dedication, and legisla-tive achievement that every one of us can be proud of. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ), the ranking member of the subcommittee. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey, our ranking member, for yielding. It is with regret that I must stand here today in opposition to this bill to reform the Toxic Substances Control Act. We have negotiated in good faith for many months to try to reach an agreement to fix EPA’s chemical pro-gram. While there are some positive as-pects of this bill, ultimately, I believe it falls short. Before I go into detail about my con-cerns, I want to express my apprecia-tion for the work that has been done by both the majority and minority col-leagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee. I want to commend the staffs, in particular those with whom I worked most closely from the minority side. As we just heard from Chairman UPTON , the Senate passed a version in December of last year, after we had voted nearly unanimously to support our version of the bill. There are im-provements over the bill passed by the Senate in December with this measure. I want to be clear that, in some ways, this bill will improve current law: EPA gains new authorities and resources; the regulatory bar to testing is low-ered, allowing EPA to acquire more in-formation about chemicals; the least burdensome standard that essentially has prevented EPA from regulating chemicals even when there was over-whelming evidence of harm has been removed; one of our Caucus’ top prior-ities, expediting the review of per-sistent, bioaccumulative, and toxic substances, or PBTs, was largely re-tained; and the bill requires the EPA to consider the most vulnerable popu-lations. But for every positive step to protect public health and the environment, there are numerous steps back that un-dermine those goals. For example, this bill weakens one of the few parts of TSCA as it stands today that actually works, Significant New Use Rules, or SNURs. EPA can require companies to pro-vide notice of new uses of a chemical before a company can manufacture or import it. A chemical that might be suitable for industrial uses should not necessarily be in consumer products. This bill would make it more difficult to require notification and, therefore, to track chemicals being used in new ways or in imported products. Also, there is language on a nego-tiated rulemaking to limit reporting requirements for inorganic byproducts, a concept that was not in either the House or Senate bills but seems to have been stuck into this version some-how. The section on nomenclature rep-resents an improvement over the Sen-ate bill, but I still have concerns. This is just one of a number of seemingly benign provisions that are included to create loopholes that undermine the public health and environmental pro-tection goals of TSCA. The bill retains the Senate’s re-source-intensive prioritization process that largely duplicates the work EPA has done already to identify chemicals of concern and place them on the work plan. Finally, there has been a lot of talk about the preemption section. Cur-rently, States are able to restrict a chemical unless EPA decides to impose its own restrictions. Preemption has not often been an issue because EPA has rarely acted, but States today— today—have a number of options when it does happen. They can coenforce re-strictions, apply for a waiver, or ban the chemical. Under this bill, States lose those rights to ban a chemical, and a waiver would be more difficult to obtain than under current law. Without a working Federal program, it has fallen upon States to lead the fight to get the most harmful chemi-cals out of commerce, and they have proven to be successful. They have been the champions, the driving force. I understand there are Members from States that have not acted to regulate chemicals. Please do not think this provision does not apply to you as well. When States are able to act aggres-sively, as they have, they can move in-dustry and they can move EPA to act, which benefits our entire Nation. Unfortunately, this bill includes pro-visions that would severely inhibit States’ ability to act. In January, 14 State attorneys general expressed their concerns with the preemption section. Those concerns were reiterated as re-cently as last week by some seven State environmental commissioners. Their concerns largely revolved around what has become known as pause pre-emption. During the pause period when EPA is evaluating a chemical, up to 3.5 years, States are prohibited from act-ing. Last year’s House-passed version did not—did not—include the pause. While we accepted that States would be pre-empted when EPA makes a final deter-mination about a chemical’s risks, it would be unprecedented to prevent a State from acting before then. Overall, and very problematically, the Senate’s State preemption frame-work is largely unchanged. We know a deal was struck in the Senate a few weeks ago, but I believe it is more ac-curate to call it a deal on prioritization, not preemption, because EPA would have to spend more time going through the unnecessary prioritization process. During this new window of time, States could rush to try to act before the pause kicks in. We have heard from a number of States that act by legislative action rather than regulations. They have told us that 12 to 18 months is simply not sufficient. The reality is, in most cases, States will not have enough op-portunity to protect their citizens from harmful chemicals during the years it can take for EPA to do its own evalua-tion. Let us call the pause exactly what it is: unnecessary and precedent setting. It may be decades before we see the health benefits of this bill, but I fear it is only a matter of time before more and more bills come to the floor that prevent State regulation before a final Federal agency action. I can’t help but ask: Will we rue the day that we gave 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.048 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3028 May 24, 2016 
a nod of approval to the pause preemp-tion concept? It is a terrible policy, and we should not encourage it. It opens the door to unwelcome and dangerous precedent. The core tension of my evaluation of this bill is to balance between new Fed-eral authorities and new restrictions on States. On balance, I do not believe that the modest improvements to the Federal program—not to mention the carve-outs for certain industries, many of which are unnecessarily broad—are sufficiently positive to warrant these new restrictions. You have heard during this debate that our system is broken and that the improvements, of which there are some, are better than nothing, which is what we have now for existing chemi-cals. But better than nothing is a very low bar. I think we can and should do better. The public deserves better. I have no doubt that people on both sides of this debate genuinely want to ensure people are protected from dan-gerous and toxic chemicals. I do not be-grudge my colleagues who choose to support it. However, the R
ECORD must reflect that this bill is not without its flaws or its controversies. We must have a strong, national chemical program to protect American families and workers. But the States can and should be strong partners in this effort. This bill severely con-strains the States’ role in this effort. Ultimately, I am not convinced that the program that will be put into place by this bill justifies the unprecedented limitations of States’ authorities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the bill. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ), the vice chair of the full committee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I do rise in support of the amendments to H.R. 2576, and I congratulate Chairman S
HIMKUS on the wonderful job he has done. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) for the pur-pose of a brief colloquy to clarify one important element of the legislation. Mr. Chairman, it is my under-standing that this bill reemphasizes Congress’ intent to avoid duplicative regulation through the TSCA law. It does so by carrying over two important EPA constraints in section 9 of the ex-isting law while adding a new, impor-tant provision that would be found as new section, 9(b)(2). It is my understanding that, as a uni-fied whole, this language, old and new, limits the EPA’s ability to promulgate a rule under section 6 of TSCA to re-strict or eliminate the use of a chem-ical when the Agency either already regulates that chemical through a dif-ferent statute under its own control and that authority sufficiently pro-tects against a risk of injury to human health or the environment, or a dif-ferent agency already regulates that chemical in a manner that also suffi-ciently protects against the risk iden-tified by EPA. Would the chairman please confirm my understanding of section 9? Mr. SHIMKUS. Will the gentlewoman yield? Mrs. BLACKBURN. I yield to the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. SHIMKUS. The gentlewoman is correct in her understanding. Mrs. BLACKBURN. I thank the chairman. The changes you have worked hard to preserve in this nego-tiated bill are important. As the EPA’s early-stage efforts to regulate meth-ylene chloride and TCE under TSCA statute section 6 illustrate, they are also timely. EPA simply has to account for why a new regulation for methylene chloride and TCE under TSCA is necessary since its own existing regulatory framework already appropriately addresses risk to human health. New section 9(b)(2) will force the Agency to do just that. I thank the chairman for his good work. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Number one, the starting point for analysis of this law is the current law. The current law is a mess. It is the Wild West out there when it comes to regulating chemicals. There are 85,000 chemicals that are on the market that have never been tested, and bad things are going to happen. This law changes that. The EPA is now going to have au-thority to regulate and review these substances as to their health and safe-ty. Number two, it requires a safety find-ing before a new product goes on the market. Number three, it replaces the cost- benefit analysis for a health-only anal-ysis. When it comes to health and safe-ty, that is absolutely essential. It is not about the cost. The cost in human terms and to communities when you have let something go by for account-ing reasons, as opposed to looking vigi-lantly at health and safety, is not the way to go. It is a very good change. Next, it protects vulnerable popu-lations: children, pregnant women, and especially workers who are in plants where these products are used. Finally, it makes the companies come clean with what information they have that allows regulators to come to a conclusion. That is very important. The preemption issue is a concern. In Vermont, we have had a very active Republican and Democratic Governor, a very active Agency of Natural Re-sources secretary, and very, very ac-tive and aggressive attorneys general. They are concerned about this. But there is, in this legislation, flexibility so that Vermont is going to continue to have the ability to act to protect its citizens, and I am confident they will. If the EPA is going to put a product on a list that they are going to start reviewing, we are going to get a heads- up in Vermont, as every State is, of about 9 months. I have confidence in the Vermont General Assembly, in the Vermont Governor, in the Vermont at-torney general, and in the Vermont secretary of the Agency of Natural Re-sources to do what is required to pro-tect the public health and the public safety. So no law is perfect, but in this insti-tution, we have had a hard time pass-ing laws that we all know need to get done. I thank all the people who have been involved. b1515 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ). Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for this very sen-sible legislation. I appreciate his ef-forts in leading a bipartisan effort to reform U.S. chemical safety law that is decades in the making. I particularly thank him for securing amendments to section 9 of the TSCA law that remain in the negotiated text. These amendments reemphasize and strengthen Congress’ intent that TSCA serve as an authority of last resort for the regulation of a chemical when an-other authority under EPA’s jurisdic-tion, or another Federal agency, al-ready regulates the chemical and the risk identified by EPA. As a unified whole, TSCA now makes clear that EPA may not promulgate a rule under section 6 of TSCA to restrict or eliminate the use of a chemical when: Number one, the agency either al-ready regulates that chemical through a different statute under its own con-trol, like the Clean Air Act, and that authority sufficiently protects against a risk of injury to human health or the environment; or Number two, a different agency al-ready regulates that chemical in a manner that also sufficiently protects against the risk already identified by EPA. Mr. Speaker, in light of yet another regulatory overreach in the rule-making at EPA, the new amendments to section 9 of TSCA are a welcome re-form with the intent that it will help restrain the agency’s unnecessary ac-tivities. These are commonsense, but important, protections given what EPA is likely to pursue. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ), ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the amendment to H.R. 2576, the TSCA Modernization Act. That is an abbre-viation for the Toxic Substances Con-trol Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legisla-tion will reform our broken chemical safety law for the first time since 1976, and directly addresses TSCA’s funda-mental flaws. This legislation is a win- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.049 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3029 May 24, 2016 
win for our district in East Houston and Harris County, Texas, home to one of the largest collection of chemical fa-cilities in the country. The reforms contained in this proposal will enhance protections for the workers in our chemical plants, the fence-line commu-nities next to these facilities, and will benefit chemical manufacturers who will have certainty in a true, nation-wide market. Congress has worked on reforming TSCA for over a decade, and I person-ally have been working on fixing the statute since 2008. Though not perfect, the proposal before the House today is, in the words of the Obama administra-tion, ‘‘a clear improvement over cur-rent TSCA and represents a historic advancement for both chemical safety and environmental law.’’ Let me quote also from the United Steelworkers: ‘‘Overall, the amendments to H.R. 2576, the ‘TSCA Modernization Act,’ do not result in a bill we would have writ-ten. However, there are significant im-provements over current law, including a fix of the 1991 ‘asbestos decision’ that crippled the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA’s) ability to act. Now EPA must use a health-only standard to evaluate chemicals and reserve cost- benefit analysis for determining re-strictions of harmful chemicals. Addi-tionally, the bill includes increased EPA authority to review chemicals, a fee structure to fund the program, and protection of vulnerable populations, including workers.’’ Again, that is from the United Steel-workers. The most notable improvements in the bill are replacing current TSCA’s burdensome safety standard with a pure, health-based standard; explicitly requiring the protection of vulnerable populations, like children, pregnant women, and workers at the plants; re-quiring a safety finding before new chemicals are allowed to go to market; and giving EPA new authority to order testing and ensure chemicals are safe, with a focus on the most risky chemi-cals. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. This leg-islation responds to the concerns of in-dustry to provide regulatory certainty for job creators throughout our econ-omy and has the support of the Envi-ronmental Defense Fund, the Humane Society, the March of Dimes, and the National Wildlife Federation, along with the machinists union and the building trades. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting this amendment, and help pass the first major environmental legislation in a quarter century. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2576, the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. This legislation would combine the policy priorities from H.R. 2576 and S. 697 into a bipartisan bill that would modernize the Toxic Substances Con-trol Act of 1976. Recognizing the need to ensure that chemicals are safely made and used, Congress passed the Toxic Substances Control Act 40 years ago. This law made protecting human health and the environment a priority in the chemical manufacturing process. However, the Toxic Substances Control Act has not been updated since its inception, and is in dire need of reform. Policies based on this 40-year-old law are disjointed, confusing, and often contradictory for both manufacturers and consumers. Modernizing the Toxic Substances Control Act would allow for adoption of uniform, science-based chemical safety policies. Manufacturers will have the regulatory certainty they need to develop new and safe products, and consumers can shop with con-fidence. This version of the bill also protects intellectual property rights of chem-ical manufacturers, many of which have invested millions of dollars in re-search and development. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill that greatly improves a landmark consumer and environmental protection law. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, can I in-quire as to how much time remains on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New Jersey has 14 min-utes remaining. The gentleman from Illinois has 16 minutes remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Col-orado (Ms. DEGETTE ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations. Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Frank R. Lau-tenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. We have been talking a lot about the, admittedly, very arcane details of this bill. I want to talk for a minutes about how this bill is going to impact the families of America. Think about someone you know and love who will probably start a family in the next decade. I think of my own two daughters who are in their 20s. That future parent will be very excited about the arrival of a child. The par-ents will create a nursery in their home for their new baby, a space that is clean, warm, and safe. Well, they think it is safe. But right now, under current law, that rocking chair in the corner could be covered with toxic flame retardants. The fresh paint on the walls could contain harm-ful volatile organic compounds. The rug beneath the crib probably has been treated with formaldehyde, which is a carcinogen. Parents and children should not have to worry whether the most basic, everyday things they do are toxic to their health. TSCA has been a flawed piece of leg-islation since it passed in 1976. Nobody liked it—the environmental commu-nity, the chemical industry, or the par-ents of America. We need to bring some certainty to the regulation of the tens of thousands of chemicals that we have out there, and that is what this bill will do. Did you know that under this bill, for the first time, EPA will have access to the information it needs on a chem-ical? For the first time, EPA will regu-late the worst chemicals out there, like arsenic? For the first time, the EPA will have deadlines for review so that Americans are protected from dan-gerous chemicals as soon as prac-ticable? And for the first time, Ameri-cans will know exactly what is out there in commerce? For the first time, every nursery in America will be clean, warm, and safe. That is what America deserves. Is this bill perfect? No. But it is what we are expected to do as Members of the House and Sen-ate, Democrats and Republicans—pro-tect the safety of our children and gen-erations to come. I really want to thank my colleagues. I want to thank Mr. PALLONE and Mr. T
ONKO on our side of the aisle. I want to thank the rock star, Mr. S
HIMKUS , who I have been working with, along with Mr. G
REEN , since 2007 to bring this to reality. This truly is a great day for the fami-lies of America, and I am really proud that we are able to get this done. I hope my colleagues will look at the bill in totality; I hope you will see how, fi-nally, we are going to be able to actu-ally regulate these chemicals; and I hope you will vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), the Democratic whip, who has been extremely helpful in the last few days in dealing with this legislation. (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, which is the product of much negotiation—which is an understatement, I think—in an ef-fort to find consensus. Congress first enacted the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act 40 years ago to protect Americans from the risks posed by chemicals in commerce. It has not been reauthorized since. Since its original enactment, the law has be-come outdated, and efforts to mod-ernize it have been ongoing for several years with great difficulty. Under cur-rent law, it has become hard for the EPA to ban even substances that are known to cause cancer, such as asbes-tos. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.050 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3030 May 24, 2016 
The bill before us today is a break-through after a significant amount of work. It represents a compromise that, while not perfect, as everyone has noted, is a great improvement over current law. And it will help the EPA protect Americans from harmful, toxic substances and safeguard our environ-ment. This bill will require the EPA to evaluate both existing and new chem-ical substances against a new risk- based, scientific safety standard that includes specific considerations for populations more vulnerable to chem-ical exposure, such as children, seniors, and pregnant women. It also ensures that the EPA can order testing imme-diately for substances suspected of placing Americans at risk. This bill improves public trans-parency of chemical information, pro-vides for clear and enforceable dead-lines to review prioritized chemicals, and takes action to mitigate any iden-tified risk. In short, this is a bill that reflects the kind of compromise across the aisle we ought to be seeing more of in this House. It is fittingly named after Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jer-sey, who spent his career working to make this law more functional. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. PALLONE. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. HOYER. I want to first thank the person in my office who worked far harder than I did. I just took her phone calls and talked to Mr. P
ALLONE and talked to Mr. S
HIMKUS from time to time. Mary Frances Repko is one of the hardest working staff members. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mary Frances for the work that she did to get us to where we are. It is not perfect, as she and I agree, but it is a bill that will be better than what we have. I want to thank, of course, Ranking Member P
ALLONE ; my dear friend, Chairman U
PTON ; my friend, J OHN S
HIMKUS , the chairman of the com-mittee; and Mr. T
ONKO , who is not for this bill. He worked hard to get it to this place. He didn’t get there, but he worked hard on that effort. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. It is a work product that has been sincerely achieved by people of goodwill, and it is adjudged by the President of the United States and the administration and by the director of the adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency as a significant and important step forward. That is a good deal for the American people. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, this body has never passed a law that denied States the ability to act before there is a Federal standard in place. What we are perpe-trating today with this vote is a first. Instead of being preempted to act once an established EPA standard is in place, States are prevented from pur-suing critical protections for their communities from dangerous chemi-cals the moment the EPA decides to re-view the chemical, not when the EPA has created a new regulation. b1530 By allowing for this so-called pause preemption, we will create an almost 3- year limbo period in which a chemical under review is essentially unregulated by either State or Federal laws. Meanwhile, the public is subjected to potentially dangerous chemicals. This is unheard of in our existing consumer protection legal standards, and it will be to the detriment of the American people. However, I do commend the efforts of the Energy and Commerce Committee to take on this Herculean task of up-dating the existing regulatory regime and reaching a compromise package. However, I regret that this com-promise comes at the expense of the rights of the States to protect the health, safety, and welfare of their citi-zens. We should not be preventing local governments from exerting their basic duty to take proactive steps that will protect our communities, our environ-ment, and the public health. Federal regulations serve as a floor, not as a ceiling, and States should be permitted to pursue laws that fill gaps in existing Federal regulations. Pause preemption not only increases uncertainty and delay to the rule-making process, but it further limits communities’ abilities to seek redress through our courts when they find themselves the victims of dangerous and unregulated chemicals. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. PALLONE. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, lastly, I thank my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle for their tremendous work on this bill and for the time and energy spent by their staffs. I ask my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I would just inform my colleague that I have no additional speakers. Mr. SHIMKUS. I have no other speakers, and I will close after the gen-tleman from New Jersey has closed. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. So many people have been involved on our staffs in this bill over the last several years, certainly prior to the time that I was the ranking member. I want to, in particular, thank Jackie Cohen. Jackie is sitting here to my right. She, more than anybody else, worked on this bill and made it pos-sible to bring this bill to fruition. I think she knows more about TSCA than anybody else I know; so, I want to thank her in particular. I also want to thank Jean Fruci, Rick Kessler, Tuley Wright, Timia Crisp, and Alexander Ratner. From Mr. TONKO ’s staff, I want to thank Brendan Larkin and Clinton Britt. Mr. Speaker, this bill is named the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety Act for the 21st Century. One of the things that was so important to me in the process of negotiating this bill was that it would live up to Senator Lau-tenberg’s legacy. Senator Lautenberg was always a mentor to me. I worked on his first campaign back in 1982. He was always looking out for the little guy. One of the most important things to him in that respect was health and safety be-cause he always felt that the primary function of the Federal Government was to protect people’s health and safe-ty. One of the biggest things that was important to him was what I call the right to know. He always felt, if we passed laws that allowed people to know what they were facing in the health and environment sphere, that that would be good because they or even their organizations that they might be involved with on an activist level locally—citizen groups—would have the ability, if you will, to effec-tuate and carry out those laws through their own efforts. I think one of the greatest regrets that he had was that, when you dealt with toxic chemicals over the time that he was in the Senate—he was the longest serving Senator, actually, in New Jersey history—he was never able to say what chemicals were dangerous and, basically, give people the right to know about toxic chemicals. I think that this is an important part of his legacy, and I am very proud to say that today we can support a bill that is named in his honor. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Before us today on the floor, as you have heard, is a bipartisan, bicameral agreement that substantially improves the safety of chemicals that are used by everyone every day. As you have heard, while this is not the bill that a lot of people would have written if they had had their own way, the reality is that this is how the legis-lative process is supposed to work. I think it is very instructive as we go back to our districts and do the ‘‘Schoolhouse Rock!’’ on how a bill be-comes a law. There is a great dynamic that is in play. That is what happened here, and that is what brings us to the floor today. This bill represents a balanced and thoughtful compromise that makes long-needed improvements to an out-dated and ineffective law. The legisla-tion before us is supported by a broad 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.051 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3031 May 24, 2016 
coalition of stakeholders that ranges from environmental and public health groups to large and small industrial or-ganizations. It has the support of the National As-sociation of Manufacturers, the Cham-ber of Commerce, the American Clean-ing Institute, the National Association of Chemical Distributors, the Society of Chemical Manufacturers & Affili-ates, and the American Chemistry Council. There is a list of 143 different groups that have come out in support of this bill. It is worthy of our support as well. I want to thank the staff who worked very hard to get us here today: Chris Sarley, in my office; Dave McCarthy; Jerry Couri; Tina Richards; our head chief of staff of the committee, Gary Andres; along with, of course, Chair-man F
RED UPTON , who allowed all of these people to be at our disposal to get this work done. Mr. Speaker, we have with us in the Chamber legislative counsel. These are the unknown heroes, the people who actually get the late phone calls, who try to help us figure out the language that we are trying to work with. Tim Brown and Kakuti Lin are here. They have my gratitude and my thanks. In an era when we kind of question Federal employees and their commitment to excellence and work ethic, they are good examples of what people really do many times. Thank you very much for your work. I also want to give a nod to the great work done by the House Democratic staff. You are loyal adversaries, and I believe we will continue to be so, but we were able to do well in this process. I thank the Senate Republicans on Mr. I
NHOFE ’s staff and the Senate Democrats’ staff, from Senator U
DALL ’s, Senator B OXER ’s, Senator M
ARKEY ’s, and Senator M ERKLEY ’s of-fices, who all put in long hours and weekends for several months to get this multiyear effort done. It has been a multiyear effort, start-ing since I became chairman of the committee. And you have seen G
ENE G
REEN come down and D IANA DEGETTE , who worked diligently with me in the last Congress. I also want to mention that the spir-itual leader of this, kind of, was Bonnie Lautenberg, who I know called us nu-merous times. Behind every great man there is a greater woman. I think Bonnie Lautenberg kind of falls into that category, and I know she is very happy with our success today. Mr. Speaker, as I said in my opening remarks, this bill is good for con-sumers, it is good for jobs, and it is good for the environment. It is impera-tive that we pass this bill and get it signed into law without delay. This is graduation time throughout our country—a lot of commencement exercises—and we are always reminded that, really, ‘‘commencement’’ means beginning. So even though we are kind of get-ting to the end of the legislative proc-ess of the law, the real test will be the commencement by the EPA in our try-ing to enact this law and in seeing if it does everything that we say it will do. It is our job on our committee to continue to do oversight to make sure that the things we think are doing well are doing well and that the things that need improvement we look at. You have my support in doing that over-sight and overview of this new law as it moves forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 742, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion to con-cur by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ZIKA VECTOR CONTROL ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 897. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 742, I call up the bill (H.R. 897) to amend the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 742, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–53 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 897 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Zika Vector Control Act’’. 
SEC. 2. USE OF AUTHORIZED PESTICIDES. 
Section 3(f) of the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a(f)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) U
SE OF AUTHORIZED PESTICIDES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-tion 402(s) of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act, the Administrator or a State may not require a permit under such Act for a discharge from a point source into navigable waters of a pesticide authorized for sale, distribution, or use under this Act, or the residue of such a pes-ticide, resulting from the application of such pesticide. ‘‘(B) SUNSET .—This paragraph shall cease to be effective on September 30, 2018.’’. 
SEC. 3. DISCHARGES OF PESTICIDES. 
Section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(s) D
ISCHARGES OF PESTICIDES .— ‘‘(1) N
O PERMIT REQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a permit shall not be required by the Administrator or a State under this Act for a discharge from a point source into navigable waters of a pesticide authorized for sale, distribution, or use under the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, or the residue of such a pesticide, resulting from the application of such pesticide. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the following discharges of a pesticide or pesticide residue: ‘‘(A) A discharge resulting from the applica-tion of a pesticide in violation of a provision of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act that is relevant to protecting water quality, if— ‘‘(i) the discharge would not have occurred but for the violation; or ‘‘(ii) the amount of pesticide or pesticide res-idue in the discharge is greater than would have occurred without the violation. ‘‘(B) Stormwater discharges subject to regula-tion under subsection (p). ‘‘(C) The following discharges subject to regu-lation under this section: ‘‘(i) Manufacturing or industrial effluent. ‘‘(ii) Treatment works effluent. ‘‘(iii) Discharges incidental to the normal op-eration of a vessel, including a discharge result-ing from ballasting operations or vessel bio-fouling prevention. ‘‘(3) S
UNSET .—This subsection shall cease to be effective on September 30, 2018.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure. The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. It has been 1 year since the first alerts about the Zika virus were issued in Brazil. Since then, the virus has been spreading north. Many nations to our south have spent the better part of that year in fighting to stop the spread of Zika. It has already affected Puerto Rico and other U.S. Territories as the virus spreads by contact between people. So far, we have been fortunate to avoid any transmission of Zika by mos-quitos inside the United States, but that might change soon. Last week the Director from the National Institutes of Health announced that mosquitos carrying the Zika virus could be arriv-ing in the United States as soon as June. The World Health Organization has declared Zika to be a worldwide health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.053 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3032 May 24, 2016 
emergency, and burdensome Federal regulation should not get in the way of addressing a potential emergency in the United States, especially since we have the ability to prevent the spread of mosquitos carrying the virus before they mature. The Zika virus is a serious health threat to pregnant women. It can cause birth defects, like microcephaly and a paralyzing neurological condition. As of May 11, the CDC reported that there were 503 cases of Zika in the United States and 701 cases in U.S. Territories and 113 pregnant women were reported to have Zika. Last week this body acted to send ad-ditional funds to the Department of Health and Human Services to fight the spread of Zika. We should be in-vesting in research and development to find a treatment and a vaccine for Zika. We also have the ability to make it easier for States and local governments to stop the spread of this mosquito- borne disease. Unfortunately, a duplicative and un-necessary permitting regulation is making it more difficult for cities, mu-nicipalities, and mosquito control dis-tricts to spray for mosquitos. Because of a bad court decision, time and money that should be spent on eradicating mosquitos will be spent on bureaucratic paperwork instead. b1545 In 2011, a decision by the Sixth Cir-cuit Court of Appeals in The National Cotton Council of America v. United States Environmental Protection Agency reversed 60 years of common-sense regulation by the Environmental Protection Agency and imposed na-tional pollutant discharge elimination system permitting on pesticide use. That case upended a 2006 Environ-mental Protection Agency rule that codified EPA’s 35-year-long interpreta-tion of the law. The Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, also known as FIFRA, regulated pesticides for 60 years before the enactment of the Clean Water Act in 1972, and FIFRA regulated and improved pesticides for decades after the Clean Water Act. EPA had, for over 80 years, held that the application of a pesticide for its in-tended purpose and in compliance with the results of FIFRA is not a discharge of a pollutant under the Clean Water Act, and, therefore, no NPDES permit is required, but the court decided oth-erwise. In vacating the EPA’s longstanding rule, the Sixth Circuit effectively legis-lated from the bench, negating reason-able agency interpretations of the law. The court undermined the traditional understanding of how the Clean Water Act interacts with other environ-mental statutes and expanded the scope of the Clean Water Act from the bench and pushed further regulation into areas and activities not originally intended by Congress or interpreted by the EPA. As a result, Federal and State agen-cies are expending vital funds to ini-tiate and maintain Clean Water Act permitting programs governing pes-ticide applications, and a wide range of public and private pesticide users face increased financial and administrative burdens in order to comply with the duplicative permitting process—but the NPDES permit and its cost comes with no additional environmental pro-tection. My colleagues across the aisle like to call this Groundhog Day, and I agree. We have seen previous public health emergencies that could have been pre-vented by the removal of the unneces-sary NPDES permit. Despite this, many on the other side of the aisle con-tinue to support this regulatory bur-den. Last week, some of my colleagues circulated a letter that stated obtain-ing the NPDES permit was just a ‘‘modest notification and monitoring requirements,’’ but the organizations that must apply for it tell a different story. NPDES compliance costs and fears of potentially devastating litiga-tion associated with complying with the new NPDES requirements are forc-ing States, counties, and mosquito con-trol districts and other pest control programs to reduce operations and re-direct resources in order to comply with the regulatory requirements. I include in the R
ECORD this state-ment from the American Mosquito Control Association on the NPDES burden. This statement discusses many examples of this burden across the country, including how the local vector control managers in Oregon have ex-plained repeatedly the negative im-pacts the permit is having on mosquito control. 
AMERICAN MOSQUITO CONTROL ASSOCIATION  S
TATEMENT ON NPDES B URDEN  From the perspective of the agencies charged with suppressing mosquitoes and other vectors of public health consequence, the NPDES burden is directly related to combatting Zika and other exotic viruses. For over forty years and through both Democratic and Republican administrations, the EPA and states held that these permits did not apply to public health pesticide ap-plications. However, activist lawsuits forced the EPA to require such permits even for the application of EPA-registered pesticides in-cluding mosquito control. AMCA has testified numerous times to es-tablish the burden created by this court rul-ing. The threat to the public health mission of America’s mosquito control districts comes in two costly parts: 
ONGOING COMPLIANCE COSTS  Though the activists contend that the NDPES permit has ‘‘modest notification and monitoring requirements’’ the experience of mosquito control districts is much different. Initially obtaining and maintaining an NPDES comes at considerable expense. Cali-fornia vector control districts estimate that it has cost them $3 million to conduct the necessary administration of these permits. The Gem County Mosquito Abatement Dis-trict in Idaho has testified that their staff spends three weeks per year tabulating and documenting seasonal pesticide applications associated with permit oversight. Addition-ally, they have had to invest in a geographic information software program that cost 20% of the district’s annual operating budget to maintain this information. That software has no other function than serving the un-necessary NPDES permit. In Congressman DeFazio’s district in Or-egon, the local vector control managers have explained the negative impacts the permit was having on their districts. The managers of those districts have met with Rep. DeFazio’s staff repeatedly in Washington D.C. over the past several years regarding the burden NPDES is having on mosquito control in Oregon. The funds to operate districts like those in Oregon, California, Idaho and across the country come from taxpayers for the purpose of mosquito control, but are being diverted into this bureaucratic oversight function. The fact that the existence of the permit has no additional environmental benefit (since pesticide applications are already gov-erned by FIFRA) makes these taxpayer di-versions from vector control unconscionable. So why would the activist organizations be so adamant that these permits be mandatory for public health pesticide application s... ?  EXPOSURE TO ACTIVIST LITIGATION  . . . Because it leaves municipal mosquito control programs vulnerable to CWA citizen lawsuits where fines to mosquito control dis-tricts may exceed $37,500/day. Under FIFRA, the activists would need to demonstrate that the pesticides caused harm or were misapplied (because our pesticides are specific to mosquitoes and used in low doses by qualified applicators that would be extremely difficult). However, the CWA 3rd Party Citizen Suit Provision allows for any third party to sue a government entity. Additionally, the CWA does not require actual evidence of a misapplication of a pesticide or harm to the environment, but rather simple paperwork violations or merely allegations of errors in permit oversight. Gem County Mosquito Abatement District was the subject of one of these activist law-suits utilizing the 3rd Party Citizen Suit Provision. It took ten years and the grand total of an entire year’s annual operating budget ($450,000) to resolve that litigation against that public health entity. These ongoing compliance costs and threat of crushing litigation directly refute any ac-tivist statements that ‘‘Clean Water Act cov-erage in no way hinders, delays, or prevents the use of approved pesticides for pest con-trol operations.’’ The existence of this unnecessary require-ment for mosquito control activities is di-rectly related to our ability to combat the vectors related to Zika. It diverts precious resources away from finding and suppressing mosquito populations. The American Mosquito Control Associa-tion urges rapid action to address this bur-den. 
Mr. GIBBS. Benton County, Wash-ington, Mosquito Control District cal-culated their compliance with the NPDES permit cost them $37,334. They spent over $37,334 doing paperwork to secure the Federal and State permits. This money was used to update maps to secure the permit. They spent money on the permit fees; they spent this money on software to help with the reporting requirements for the per-mit; and they spent this money on countless requirements associated with the permit. None of that over $37,000 was spent on spraying for mosquitos. Benton County estimates they could have treated 2,593 acres of water where 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.056 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3033 May 24, 2016 
mosquitos breed, or they could have paid for over 400 virus lab tests, or they could have hired three seasonal work-ers. But Benton County was forced to spend over $37,000 to comply with the redundant Federal permit. The Gem County Mosquito Abate-ment District in Idaho has testified that their staff spends 3 weeks per year tabulating and documenting seasonal pesticide applications associated with permit oversight. Additionally, they have had to invest in software that costs 20 percent of the district’s annual operating budget to maintain this in-formation. That software has no other function than serving the unnecessary NPDES permit. Mosquito control districts in Cali-fornia estimate that it has cost them $3 million to conduct the necessary ad-ministration for their NPDES permits. Millions of dollars have now been spent on permitting and compliance rather than eradicating mosquitos. On top of the cost of the permit, it also opens up permit holders to the threat of citizen lawsuits where fines may ex-ceed $35,000 a day. Citizen lawsuits under the Clean Water Act have a much lower threshold, and the simple allegation of permit errors and paper-work violations can take mosquito control districts to court. Gem County Mosquito Abatement District was subjected to one of these lawsuits, which took 10 years and $450,000 to resolve the litigation. This is equal to their entire annual oper-ating budget. We know that the NPDES permits are delaying, hin-dering, and preventing the use of life-saving EPA-approved pesticides right now. In 2012, the first year that this dupli-cative permitting went into effect, the number of cases of West Nile virus jumped from 712 to 5,674 cases in the United States. In response to those West Nile outbreaks, many States and communities were forced to declare public emergencies. This allowed them to use the lifesaving pesticides to con-trol mosquitos without the delay caused by the NPDES permitting proc-ess. But they were only able to do this after they declared an emergency: West Nile had infected the community; they declared an emergency, and they could spray without having to get any per-mits. Congress should not be forcing States, cities, and mosquito control agencies to put their own residents, es-pecially pregnant women, at risk of contracting Zika. H.R. 897 will enable communities to resume conducting routine preventive mosquito control programs by pro-viding a limited and temporary exemp-tion for pesticides that are authorized by FIFRA and used in compliance with its label under EPA guidance. The EPA already reviews, approves, and regu-lates the use of these pesticides under FIFRA. Exempting them from NPDES permitting is a simple fix to a very bad court decision that added unnecessary red tape. H.R. 897 was drafted very narrowly to address only the Sixth Circuit Court’s decision and gives States and local en-tities that spray to control mosquito populations the certainty and the abil-ity needed to protect public health. EPA even provided technical assist-ance in drafting this bill so it can achieve these objectives. Well over 150 organizations rep-resenting a wide variety of public and private entities and thousands of stakeholders support a legislative reso-lution of this issue. Just to name a few, these organizations include the Amer-ican Mosquito Control Association, the National Association of State Depart-ments of Agriculture, the National Water Resources Association, the American Farm Bureau Federation, the National Farmers Union, Family Farm Alliance, the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, CropLife America, Responsible Indus-try for a Sound Environment, the Agri-cultural Retailers Association, and the National Agricultural Aviation Asso-ciation. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER for his leadership at the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee as well as Chairman C
ONAWAY and Ranking Mem-ber P
ETERSON on the Agriculture Com-mittee for their leadership on this issue. This is a responsible, commonsense bill that will help ensure public health officials aren’t fighting Zika with their hands tied behind their back. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise again in strong opposition to H.R. 897. To be clear, H.R. 897 was not created to respond to Zika. Now, I hear my colleague’s informa-tion in regard to all that has happened with the EPA and all the budget items. I suggest that we start looking at in-creasing the budget for EPA so they can do a better job. Insofar as herbicides and pesticides, I have a lot of information from my own experience in California, where it has created a Superfund that has taken many years and will take many more to create. Up until 2 weeks ago, the so-called Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act was drafted to relax our laws protecting public health to reduce the paperwork burdens on commercial pesticide spray-ing operations. If you will notice, most of them were people in the spraying business, in the ag business, and it is to their advantage. What about the public interest? This will be the fourth time in 3 years that we will vote against the legislation. To be clear, a great number of waterbodies in the U.S. are already im-paired or threatened by pesticides; yet for some reason, our Republican major-ity wants it to be easier for companies to add more of these pesticides to our waters, yet not report these additions nor monitor, for any reason, immediate health impacts that may result. I am very concerned about the effect these pesticides have on the health of our rivers, on our streams, and espe-cially on the drinking water supply of all our citizens, including pregnant women. Last week, the majority argued that even though this bill would exempt pesticide applications from the Clean Water Act, public health would not be impacted because FIFRA labeling re-quirements would remain in place. However, FIFRA labeling does not ad-dress the volumes of pesticides being directly or indirectly applied to our rivers, lakes, and streams on an annual basis. In many cases, we simply do not know the quantities and location of the pesticides being added to our waters because this data is not tracked by Federal or State regulators. And if we don’t know what is being added to our waters, we cannot accurately be look-ing for the potential human health or environmental impacts of these pes-ticides. In fact, the only way we often learn of a problem is in examples like the gentleman from Oregon cited on the floor: massive fish kills or other environmental catastrophes. It is reck-less to rely on a system of catastrophes or massive die-offs to identify where problems may be lurking. Proponents of this legislation also argue that this legislation would pro-tect the health of pregnant women and their children. How so? I think it is im-portant to note that it could hurt both. However, this legislation does noth-ing demonstrable to prevent the spread of Zika in the United States. What I fear, however, is that this legislation will relax standards for pesticide appli-cation to the point where even more waterbodies become impaired or threatened by pesticides. Madam Speaker, we know there are significant health risks associated with exposing pregnant women and young children to pesticides. Let me name a few: birth defects, neurodevelopmental delays and cognitive impairments, childhood brain cancer, autism spec-trum disorders, ADHD, endocrine dis-ruption. That is just to name a few. To be clear, the bill under consider-ation today will make it easier—I will say it again, easier—to contaminate our drinking water supplies with pes-ticides known or suspected to pose health risks. The majority will say that FIFRA ensures these chemicals are safe. What the majority cannot say definitely, however, is that continued exposure to these chemicals over and over in the same watershed is also safe. Peer-reviewed science suggests that there are impacts, and that evidence should be enough for us to be cautious. If my choice is cautious use of pes-ticides to protect public health or the elimination of the paperwork require-ment, I believe protection of health is more important. Furthermore, according to The Wash-ington Post, of the 544 reported cases of Zika in the United States, nearly all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.058 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3034 May 24, 2016 
them involve people who have con-tracted the disease when they traveled to a country where the disease is prev-alent. While a handful of the 544 cases of Zika may have involved sexual transmission of the virus, no one has acquired the disease from mosquitos in this country—I repeat, no one. Let me repeat that. No one has reported ac-quiring the Zika virus from a mosquito in this country. We cannot and should not eliminate the role of the Clean Water Act in the regulation of pesticides. Over the past 5 years, this regulatory process has been reasonable and has been workable for pest operations and ag interests alike. It needs to be retained. Madam Speaker, I oppose this bill. I urge my colleagues on both sides to vote ‘‘no.’’ I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to reiterate, when I intro-duced this bill back in 2011, 5 years ago, the Director of the EPA’s Office of Pes-ticide Programs under this current ad-ministration said this: ‘‘When used properly, pesticides pro-vide significant benefits to society, such as controlling disease-causing or-ganisms, protecting the environment from invasive species, and fostering a safe and abundant food supply. FIFRA’s safety standard requires EPA to weigh these types of benefits against any potential harm to human health and the environment that might result from using a pesticide.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘Under FIFRA, the Agency’’—the EPA, in this case—‘‘can impose a vari-ety of risk mitigation measures—rang-ing, for example, from changes to how the pesticide is used to prohibition of specific uses or cancellation of all products containing a particular active ingredient—that ensure the use of the pesticide will not cause unreasonable adverse effect on the environment. When we are concerned about the risks arising from pesticides in water, we may require a reduction in application frequency or rates, a prohibition of cer-tain application methods, the estab-lishment of no-spray buffer zones around waterbodies, a requirement that limits use only to trained and cer-tified applicators, or other restric-tions.’’ b1600 The important point to remember here, the EPA has full regulatory au-thority under FIFRA to ensure that the pesticide did not cause unreason-able adverse effects on human health or in the environment, including our Nation’s waters. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OD-
NEYDAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I want to thank my good friend, Chairman G
IBBS, for his ef-fort in putting this commonsense legis-lation forward. Madam Speaker, we all come here to this House floor, and we work together in a bipartisan way to address many important issues that affect Ameri-cans. We have worked closely together with many of our colleagues on the other side of the floor today to help our veterans, to help rebuild our roads and our infrastructure, and I do believe we can work together to stop the spread of the Zika virus. This is a commonsense piece of legis-lation that isn’t asking to get rid of EPA rules and regulations. It is asking to simply suspend them during this cri-sis period. I want to tell you why. My colleague, Mr. GIBBS, mentioned earlier that this is the result of a court case that, in 2006, actually created a dupli-cative and costly regulatory process that many of our small communities and small businesses are still trying to fight when they are dealing with spray-ing for mosquitoes. Now, mosquito abatement has changed a lot since I was younger. I can remember my parents and my friends’ parents sending us out to ride our bikes behind the fogger. We wouldn’t do that anymore now, would we, Madam Speaker? Because we now see more rules and regulations. FIFRA, the policies that have been enacted by the EPA have shown that maybe that is not the smart thing to do. We have processes in place. The very same agency that tells us what is safe and what is not when looking at spray-ing for mosquitoes that may or may not carry diseases like West Nile and Zika, how to safely use them, but the same agency has put together a process for Illinois, a 35-page document show-ing us how to get a permit to spray for mosquitoes if you are a small business, if you are a small community, and these 35 pages, these regulatory re-quirements, we are asking to suspend so we can deal with the Zika virus that we now know is mosquito borne. This 35-page permit had 6 entire pages dedi-cated to definitions and acronyms. Sec-tion 7, the recordkeeping portion alone includes three separate levels of rec-ordkeeping, depending on the size of the annual treatment area, and it does it in there as some permittees are also subject to annual reporting require-ments as well. Madam Speaker, the farmers in my district are spending too much time to try to abate this disease on their own to help so many in our communities, and I am afraid they may say: Enough. Let’s figure out how someone else is going to do it. That doesn’t help us solve the prob-lem of eradicating the Zika virus. That is the reason why this bill that will suspend this process is so necessary right now. I would urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to take a look at this commonsense approach and do what Mr. G
IBBS is doing. Let’s work to-gether. Let’s ensure that we can stop a permit process like this to deal with something so important to so many families. Unfortunately, the longer we talk in this institution, Madam Speak-er, the less is done to stop the spread of the Zika virus in this country, in our States, and in our districts. Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman GIBBS for this commonsense piece of legislation. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Oh, what I could tell you about the vector control. I served on the board for a few years, and what I know is something else, but, un-fortunately, most of the proponents are people who benefit from the pesticide application. So I take exception, where is the public interest in this? Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFA-
ZIO). Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. First off, we have to give the chair-man a report card, and I am going to give him an A-plus for persistence. This is the fifth time this legislation will have been on the floor of this House. Of course, it is threatened by a veto should it ever pass the Senate, but it won’t, so A-plus for persistence. I will give him an A for creativity be-cause this is the same bill five times under four different guises. First it was for West Nile. Okay. Then it was the Pest Management and Fire Suppression Flexibility Act. So when we had West Nile, they called it a West Nile bill. When we were having a bad fire year, they called it a Fire Suppression Flexi-bility Act. Then they were honest, and they said it is the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act, the piece of paper, the re-port you have to file after you apply the pesticides. So at least that was, from their side, honest. But then now it is the Zika Vector Control Act, re-named 2 weeks ago. Zika is a serious problem. Of course, on their side, they are refusing to put forward an adequate budget to partner with communities who want to do mos-quito reduction and control efforts, but that is a story for another day, and it is a different committee. But that would be a real thing we could do. Here are a couple of points. Zika is very bad for pregnant women and is also implicated in Guillain-Barre syn-drome in both males and females and other potential links to other diseases. Really, really bad stuff. We have to get ahead of it. We also know that pes-ticides and herbicides are bad for preg-nant women. So is the current state of affairs such that vector control districts can’t go out right now today and apply pes-ticides to deal with a potential Zika with tiger mosquitoes and Aedes aegypti? No. Actually, they can. Under the law, they can go out and apply what-ever they think would be effective. They just need, within 30 days, to send a form—a form, a piece of paper—avail-able online to the EPA saying what they applied and where they applied it. Now, why would we care about that? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.059 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3035 May 24, 2016 
Well, because we are worried about loading up drinking water with stuff that is harmful to pregnant women and to babies and to other living things, just like the 90,000 steelhead that were killed in my district. All we are saying is we would like to keep track, and then when we see certain concentra-tions in certain areas, we will actually test the water. Your local water authority does not routinely test—for the most part, very few—for pesticides and herbicides, but if they knew a bunch had been dumped upstream, they might want to do that, or the EPA might want to follow up and do some testing. So what we are saying is we don’t want to know. We don’t want to know what, where, how this stuff was applied. Now, the horrible burden of submit-ting an online form, this horrible, hor-rible, horrible burden has led to: No, well, we heard last time there may have been an aerial applicator who didn’t apply something because of this regulatory burden, or maybe because they had misapplied it, or maybe the wind was blowing too hard. Who knows? We don’t know. That was one anec-dotal report. But from the 50 States as-sembled and the EPA, there are no doc-umented instances of delays or preven-tion of necessary application of pes-ticides or herbicides because of the re-porting requirement to EPA so we will know what, when, where, and how this stuff was applied. So the gentleman gets an A-plus for persistence, an A for creativity, but, unfortunately, a D for dangerous in terms of what this legislation would lead to. I include in the R
ECORD the State-ment of Administration Policy. I will put the whole thing in the R
ECORD , but the administration does not agree with that truncated quote talking about how important this is or something from someone at EPA. ‘‘H.R. 897 would weaken environmental protections under the Clean Water Act by exempt-ing pesticide spraying from the cur-rently required pesticide general per-mit.’’ General permit. ‘‘Creating a new statutory exemption to the permit is unnecessary’’ because the permit itself ‘‘was explicitly crafted to allow imme-diate responses to declared pest emer-gencies, thereby allowing vector con-trol methods to be applied to the pos-sible influx of disease-carrying mosqui-toes.’’ 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 897—REDUCING REGULATORY BURDENS ACT  
OF 2015 —REP. GIBBS , R–OH, AND TWO COSPON -
SORS The Administration strongly opposes H.R. 897, Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2015, recently rebranded as the Zika Vector Control Act. H.R. 897 would weaken environ-mental protections under the Clean Water Act by exempting pesticide spraying from the currently required Pesticide General Permit. Creating a new statutory exemption to the Permit is unnecessary, as it was ex-plicitly crafted to allow immediate responses to declared pest emergencies, thereby allow-ing vector control methods to be applied to the possible influx of disease-carrying mos-quitos. In fact, most mosquito control districts and Federal and State agencies already have authority under the Pesticide General Per-mit to apply mosquitocides as needed to re-spond to Zika virus concerns and do not re-quire any additional authorization under the Permit. In rare circumstances where a mos-quito control district did not seek prior cov-erage under the Permit, emergency provi-sions of the Permit are available that allow instant authorization to spray without the need for prior notification. The Administration is committed to tak-ing necessary steps, as quickly as possible, to protect the American people from the Zika virus. Rebranding legislation that re-moves important Clean Water Act protec-tions for public health and water quality is not an appropriate avenue for addressing the serious threat to the Nation that the Zika virus poses. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. D
EFAZIO. So the current state, there is nothing going on here except this sort of myth that this is a huge impediment to agricultural practices in this country. This is being pushed by the Farm Bureau. There is joint jurisdiction between the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Agriculture. The Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, despite this bill being on the floor five times, has held zero—zero; count them, zero— hearings on this issue. We wouldn’t want to hear from experts. There was a joint hearing with the Committee on Agriculture. Unfortu-nately, we were not allowed to have a witness. Only the pro-reform, so-called repeal pesticide-herbicide, witnesses were allowed to testify. There has been no deliberation on this issue. There is a great mythology around it. It is a very sad day to use a potential national health crisis to put through a lame bill that has gone through five times, which isn’t going to pass the Senate. If it did, it will be vetoed. Mr. GIBBS. Madam Speaker, I just want to address a few comments that were just made. I believe the witness that he was referring to was the head of the EPA under this administration. So that wasn’t their witness, I guess. I don’t know. It seems odd to me. Funding. We passed a funding bill out last week, over $600 million to go to the end of this fiscal year, September 30. My side of the aisle is committed to appropriating more money, if need be, during the regular appropriation proc-ess for the next fiscal year starting Oc-tober 1. Regarding the fish kill, we had a dis-cussion on this last week. It is very un-fortunate when there is a fish kill, but we looked into this and concluded that even if this fish kill had happened back—I don’t know—in 1996, I believe, the NPDES permit, if it was in place, would not have prevented the fish kill, would not have resolved it. What we found out from the EPA’s own investigation from the Office of Pesticide Programs was that the fish incident was the result of misuse of the pesticide. The EPA goes on to report that with the various species of salmon and steelhead analyzed, if the pesticide had been applied in accordance with all the label requirements and under FIFRA and EPA requirements, they wouldn’t have had the Oregon fish kill. So completing the NPDES permit pa-perwork and paying for permit fees doesn’t prevent fish kills or improve water quality. It just adds cost and takes money away from fighting mos-quitoes in this case. At this time I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). Mr. NEWHOUSE. Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding and also for his hard work on this important piece of legisla-tion. Coming from mosquito country, I am very much interested in this legis-lation. Madam Speaker, passing the Zika Vector Control Act is a step that we must take today that will have a major impact on preventing the spread of the Zika virus as well as many other dead-ly mosquito-borne illnesses. Right now the Centers for Disease Control is advising Americans to adopt the most commonsense method to avoid contacting Zika, and that is pre-venting mosquito bites. Since a vac-cine does not exist, we need to prevent bites in the first place. Our Nation’s mosquito control dis-tricts are on the frontline of reducing mosquito populations that not only carry Zika, but other dangerous dis-eases such as West Nile virus. I can just tell you that I have a personal friend who passed away from West Nile, and I also know several people in my community whose lives have been changed forever by infection from West Nile. Dengue fever and various forms of encephalitis are huge problems also. The legislation being offered today by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) offers a simple, commonsense fix to one of the biggest burdens of our mosquito control districts. For more than 40 years, both Democrat and Re-publican administrations alike have not required mosquito control districts to seek a permit for treating mosqui-toes since the EPA already approves every pesticide and every applicator being used. However, several years ago, EPA re-quired another permit in addition to the approval processes chemicals and applicators already go through. This duplicative permitting is very costly. The State of California alone—the gen-tlewoman’s State—spends $3 million annually on these duplicative permits. That is $3 million less in resources to combat mosquitoes. To make matters worse, mosquito control districts now face increased legal uncertainty due to these new permits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.060 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3036 May 24, 2016 
b1615 One district in my State informed me that they now set aside fully 20 percent of their budget for potential legal chal-lenges related to the permits. Now, that is 20 percent of their budget that is not going to combat mosquitoes. To me, that is an example of government red tape at its worst, and it is putting lives at risk. So I would disagree with my friend from Oregon that it does re-duce the amount of control that we do see. Opponents of this legislation say that this will place our waters at risk. But, Madam Speaker, nothing can be fur-ther from the truth. Appropriate regu-lation already exists. All of the pes-ticides being used have already been approved by the EPA for safe use. The only risk to public health that will come from this legislation would be not to pass it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. GIBBS. Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Not passing this bill will continue to unnecessarily ex-pose millions of Americans to Zika and other mosquito-borne diseases and will restrict resources for those desperately trying to keep the American people safe. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD several news editorials from coast to coast, includ-ing one from The New York Times that refers to this legislation as a ‘‘pretext to weaken environmental regulations’’ and ‘‘a ruse to benefit pesticide manu-facturers and farmers who find the reg-ulation burdensome.’’ 
[From the New York Times, May 19, 2016] S
TEALING FROMEBOLA TO FIGHT ZIKA (By the Editorial Board) Nobody should be surprised when the present House of Representatives, dominated by penurious reactionaries, produces a stingy response to a danger that calls for compassionate largess. But for sheer fecklessness it’s hard to top the House’s re-sponse this week to the Zika virus. The sa-lient feature is that in providing money to fight one health menace, it steals from other funds meant to fight an even more dangerous threat—the Ebola virus. In February, President Obama asked Con-gress for $1.9 billion to help fight Zika, a virus that can cause severe birth defects and has been linked to neurological disorders in adults. Transmittable by mosquitoes and through sex, Zika broke out last year in Brazil and has since spread to the United States and other countries. Experts fear there could eventually be hundreds of thou-sands of infections in Puerto Rico, where nearly half the population lives below the poverty line, with possibly hundreds of ba-bies affected. States in the American South with large mosquito populations are also at particular risk. On Thursday, the Senate voted for $1.1 bil-lion in emergency funds for research, vaccine development, mosquito control efforts and other programs The bill does not provide as much money as public health agencies like the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion say they need, but it is a decent start. The House bill approved Wednesday would provide just over half that—$622 million. Further, the House insisted that even that sum be offset by cuts to other programs, in-cluding those aimed at Ebola. That makes no sense. It would shortchange critical efforts to strengthen public health systems in Afri-ca in order to prevent a resurgence of Ebola, which killed more than 11,000 people, and other diseases. The money in the House bill would be available only until the end of September, when the fiscal year ends. That cutoff seems to assume that Zika will no longer be a prob-lem by then, an absurdly risky line of rea-soning that most health experts do not ac-cept. Cutting off funds that early would also severely hamper the effort to create a Zika vaccine, which is expected to take more than a year to develop and test. Some ultraconservative House Republicans have said that they do not consider Zika a major health crisis. Perhaps they have yet to see (or, more distressingly, they deliberately ignore) the photographs of babies born with small heads because of the virus. Or perhaps they do not think of this as an emergency worthy of their attention because those ba-bies were not born in the United States or to their constituents. Perversely, while not doing much to con-tain the virus, some House members have seized upon it as a pretext to weaken envi-ronmental regulations. Republicans have in-troduced a bill that would allow businesses to spray pesticides on or near waterways without first notifying regulators, as now re-quired by law. Once called the Reducing Reg-ulatory Burdens Act, the bill was recently given a more ominous name, the Zika Vector Control Act, the idea being that with Zika lurking around the corner, local govern-ments should be able to use pesticides more easily. The bill, rejected on Tuesday under a rule that required a two-thirds majority in favor, could come up again under a rule requiring only a simple majority. In any case, it’s a ruse to benefit pesticide manufacturers and farmers who find the regulation burdensome. The Environmental Protection Agency says that in emergencies, spraying can occur without prior notification. The House seems incapable of seeing that Zika is a real threat, not a device to satisfy its anti-regulatory zeal. 
[From HeraldNet, May 19, 2016] A
DVANCE SENATE ’SZIKAFUNDING PACKAGE  (By the Herald Editorial Board) Even more annoying than the whine of a mosquito has been the U.S. House Repub-licans response to the Zika virus. In February, President Barack Obama made an emergency request for $1.9 billion to fund vaccine research, mosquito control ef-forts and other work to timely address the growing threat from Zika. Now prevalent in South and Central Amer-ica and threatening to move into some southern U.S. states, the mosquito-borne virus is not typically fatal and in most cases results in only mild symptoms. But its threat is much greater for pregnant women and the children they carry. The virus can cause birth defects when pregnant women are infected by mosquitoes or through sexual contact with an infected person. The most common birth defect is microcephaly, which results in infants with abnormally small heads and reduced brain development. But researchers also are investigating Zika’s pos-sible association with neurological disorders in adults, including Guillain-Barre syn-drome. An estimated 500 people in the continental U.S. have contracted the virus, almost all during travel abroad. But another 700 in Puerto Rico and other U.S. Territories have been infected by mosquitoes, including more than 100 pregnant women. When neither the Senate nor the House moved quickly enough to provide funding, the White House instead diverted $510 mil-lion that had been allocated to research and fight the Ebola virus, with the hope that Congress would eventually approve the Zika request and allow the restoration of the Ebola funding. This week, the Senate responded, first with a bipartisan proposal by Florida’s senators, including former Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio, to fund the presi-dent’s full $1.9 billion request. When that failed to attract enough Republican votes, the Senate approved a compromise nego-tiated by Sen. Patty Murray, D–Washington, and Sen. Roy Blunt, R–Missouri, that will al-locate $1.1 billion. Murray would have preferred legislation to fund the president’s full $1.9 billion request, a spokeswoman said, but as she has before, Washington’s senior senator worked across the aisle to find a solution that would win passage. In answer to charges that the presi-dent had requested a ‘‘slush fund’’ Blunt said in a New York Times story that the package had been trimmed back to address the emer-gency and will finance research and response through September 2017. Such responsible compromise is less cer-tain in the House, where Republicans are ex-pected to vote soon on a package that pro-vides only $622 million, much of it again di-verted from Ebola work. That’s too little and threatens further delay and a loss of progress on Ebola. While the Ebola epidemic in West Africa is no longer out of control, the disease continues to flare, most recently in Guinea and Libe-ria. But adding a maddening itch to that mos-quito bite of a funding package is a bill that the House is expected to vote on next week. The Zika Vector Control Act sounds prom-ising, as if the threat is being taken seri-ously. But House Republicans, as reported by The Hill, have only renamed and changed the effective date for legislation proposed last year that seeks to weaken federal Clean Water Act standards that have little to do with Zika. Formerly titled the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act, the rechristened legislation would prohibit the Environmental Protec-tion Agency from requiring permits to spray pesticides near bodies of water, if the pes-ticide is federally approved and the applica-tion has been approved by the state. Prior federal approval of a particular pes-ticide doesn’t guarantee that its use near a body of water is safe or even effective. Lift-ing environmental protections—and risking a threat to public health from a lack of over-sight on toxic chemicals—is not going to fur-ther the fight against Zika. The White House has threatened to veto the House proposal on Zika funding but ap-pears ready to accept the $1.1 billion Senate package. The House should adopt the Senate package quickly to advance work that is needed now on a potentially devastating health threat. 
[From the Hill, May 17, 2016] GOP R
EPURPOSES EPA P ESTICIDE BILL FOR  Z
IKA (By Timothy Cama) House Republicans are renaming a bill that fights environmental regulations on pes-ticides and reframing it to fight the Zika virus. The House is planning to vote Tuesday on the Zika Vector Control Act, which up until late last week was known as the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.063 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3037 May 24, 2016 
With the national spotlight on Zika, and the GOP under harsh criticism for not tak-ing bold action against the virus, Repub-licans are using the anti-Environmental Pro-tection Agency (EPA) regulation bill to show they care about the Zika fight. ‘‘EPA regulations under the Clean Water Act actually make it harder for our local communities to get the permits they need to go and kill the mosquitoes where they breed by sources of water,’’ House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) told reporters Tuesday. ‘‘So this is an important bill as part of a package to make sure that we’re combating Zika.’’ Along with an appropriations bill to redi-rect $622 million toward fighting Zika and away from Ebola, Republicans say they’re taking the virus seriously. Zika can cause severe birth defects for newborns if the mother gets infected while pregnant. Symptoms are more minor for adults and other patients. The pesticide bill, introduced last year by Rep. Bob Gibbs (R-Ohio), would prohibit the EPA from requiring permits to spray pes-ticides near bodies of water as long as the application has been approved by a state and the pesticides themselves are federally ap-proved. A spokesman for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) blasted the renaming as ‘‘dishonest.’’ ‘‘In a brazenly political act, the Repub-lican leadership is trying to mask gutting the Clean Water Act as having something to do with fighting Zika,’’ Drew Hammill said in a statement. ‘‘This bill has nothing to do with Zika and everything to do with Republicans’’ relent-less special interest attacks on the Clean Water Act,’’ he said. ‘‘It will do nothing to stem the growing threat of the Zika virus.’’ Rep. Peter DeFazio (Ore.), the top Demo-crat on the House Transportation Com-mittee, said in a letter to colleagues Monday that the bill ‘‘has absolutely nothing to do with preventing the spread of Zika or pro-tecting public health.’’ He further argued that the legislation is unnecessary, and the Clean Water Act ‘‘in no way hinders, delays, or prevents the use of approved pesticides for pest control oper-ations.’’ The Transportation Committee has jurisdiction over the bill through its author-ity on the Clean Water Act. Democrats want the GOP to approve Presi-dent Obama’s request for $1.9 billion in new funding to fight Zika. But Dallas Gerber, a spokesman for Gibbs, said the reframing is entirely appropriate, since the bill would allow more spraying to kill the mosquitoes that carry Zika. ‘‘It’s an appropriate addition to the fight against Zika,’’ Gerber said. ‘‘When people are taking up a lot of their time on [National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System] permits, that’s money and time that’s being spent on paperwork and administration, not on spraying.’’ Gerber confirmed that other than the title and a new expiration date, the bill has not changed since it was known as the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act. The House vote Tuesday will be under sus-pension of rules, requiring a two-thirds ma-jority to pass. The bill previously passed the House in 2014 under a standard majority vote. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ). Mr. RUIZ. Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking Member D
EFAZIO and Ranking Member N
APOLITANO for bringing at-tention to this issue and for giving me time to speak. I rise today to oppose the so-called Zika Vector Control Act, otherwise known as the pesticide Trojan horse bill. Madam Speaker, I am disappointed. I am disappointed that, as this body fails to fully fund a meaningful effort to combat the spread of the Zika virus, the Republican majority is using the legitimate concern about Zika to ad-vance its special interest agenda. This Trojan horse was first called the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2015 and was only recently named the Zika Vector Control Act to play on fears over the Zika virus. The fact is the majority has been pushing the text of this legislation for years under whatever name happens to be conven-ient at the time. Each time they re-name the bill, they merely find a dif-ferent problem to manipulate to serve their same agenda. Let’s be frank, this bill has nothing to do with combating Zika. Vector con-trol agencies already have the author-ity to apply pesticides in emergency situations, like combating the Zika virus epidemic, to prevent the spread of infectious diseases without the need to apply for a permit. Instead of protecting the public’s health, this bill actually does away with critical compliance oversight pro-visions that allow us to track when and where harmful pesticides are used. Without the ability to track where harmful pesticides are used, we are less able to prevent their negative impact or properly act when a mistake is made or when a harmful pesticide is inappro-priately used. I know, as a physician and public health expert, that pesticides can have a serious and harmful impact on human health, particularly for women and children, and for vulnerable popu-lations who live and work where pes-ticides are often sprayed. Harmful pes-ticides can cause infertility, cancer, birth defects, and lifelong develop-mental delays. This bill guts the oversight compli-ance that gives doctors like me the tools they need to track and identify the cluster of symptoms caused by harmful pesticides. Madam Speaker, the pesticide Trojan horse bill is a farce, a disguise that can only leave our communities, our farm workers, and our drinking water at risk of contamination from harmful pesticides. If passed, this legislation could harm the public’s health. It will expose al-ready vulnerable populations to great-er risk, without providing a single dime in funding or scrap of authority that doctors and scientists actually need to combat the spread of Zika. The pesticide Trojan horse bill is just another instance of political games-manship in Congress that could have a disastrous impact on public health. In-stead of actually working to control the spread of one public health crisis, this bill could make another public health problem even worse. Rather than spending our time on this bill that does nothing to strength-en Zika prevention efforts across the country, we should be working to pass legislation to fully fund efforts to con-tain and stop the virus before we ad-journ. We need to put people above par-tisanship and solutions above ideology. I have said this time and time again: it is time for Congress to do its job. We must vote against this pesticide Trojan horse bill and for full funding that will fully combat the spread of Zika, not the partial funding bill that shortchanges American families, which Republicans have recently passed in the House, before it is too late. Mr. GIBBS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, we know that since this court decision, there has been mosquito control districts, municipali-ties, that have delayed the preventa-tive mosquito control programs, and then they have waited until epidemic proportions, epidemic levels, especially of the West Nile virus, which is what happened with Zika. We just heard that you can have emergency provisions. It doesn’t mat-ter. You can still do it. Well, even with the emergency provisions, with this court decision in place, they have for-gotten that the NPS permit emergency provisions have extensive compliance costs that go along with that provision. The emergency provisions do not ease the threat of third-party lawsuits in the event a State, Federal, or local government declares an emergency. Pesticide applicators are required to file notice of intent no later than 15 days after the beginning of the applica-tion that provides a detailed descrip-tion of the application and includes the rationale supporting the determina-tion. A user that fails to file the correct paperwork—this is key—can still be found in violation of the Clean Water Act and fined up to $37,000 a day. Now, you heard me say earlier we have got mosquito control districts where that is their entire annual budget. Timely paperwork does not protect the mosquito control districts from legal disputes from the third party that argues the appropriate measures that were not taken to avoid potential adverse effects and impacts. So it is just ridiculous to think that it is okay, delay your preventative pro-grams, but then when you have epi-demic proportions of mosquitoes with West Nile or Zika, declare an emer-gency. Go ahead and spray, but if you don’t file your paperwork under the Clean Water Act, you will get fined $37,000 a day. So guess what happens? We don’t control the mosquitoes and protect the public. Madam Speaker, I include in the RECORD letters of support for H.R. 897 from the American Mosquito Control Association—by the way, I think their interest is more than just their self-in-terest; I think it is the interest of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.023 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3038 May 24, 2016 
general public—the Pesticide Policy Coalition, and the National Agricul-tural Aviation Association. 
THEAMERICAN MOSQUITO  C
ONTROL ASSOCIATION , May 16, 2016. Hon. B
OBGIBBS, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN GIBBS: The American Mosquito Control Association, in concert with mosquito control agencies, programs and regional associations throughout the United States, want to express our enthusi-astic support for passage of HR 897 the Zika Vector Control Act clarifying the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination Systems (NPDES) permitting issue facing our public health agencies. Each year, over one half million people die worldwide from mosquito-transmitted dis-eases. In the U.S. alone, the costs associated with the treatment of mosquito-borne illness run into the millions of dollars annually. This amendment addresses a situation that has placed mosquito control activities under substantial legal jeopardy and requires ongo-ing diversion of taxpayer-supported re-sources away from their public health mis-sion. Though the NPDES was originally de-signed to address point source emissions from major industrial polluters such as chemical plants, activist lawsuits have forced US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to require such permits even for the application of EPA registered pesticides, in-cluding insecticides used for mosquito con-trol. These permits are mandated despite the fact that pesticides are already strictly regu-lated by the EPA under the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA). Currently, mosquito control programs are vulnerable to lawsuits for simple paperwork violations of the Clean Water Act (CWA) where fines may be up to $35,000 per day for activities that do not involve harm to the environment. In order to attempt to comply with this potential liability, these govern-mental agencies must divert scarce re-sources to CWA monitoring. In some cases, smaller applicators have simply chosen not to engage in vector control activities. Requiring NPDES permits for the dis-charges of mosquito control products pro-vides no additional environmental protec-tions beyond those already listed on the pes-ticide label, yet the regulatory burdens are potentially depriving the general public of the economic and health benefits of mos-quito control. This occurs at a time when many regions of the country have seen out-breaks of equine encephalitis, West Nile virus, dengue fever and the rapidly spreading new threat of the Zika and chikungunya vi-ruses. This negative impact on the public health response and needless legal jeopardy requires legislative clarification that the intent of the CWA does not include duplicating FIFRA’s responsibilities. HR 897 seeks to achieve that goal and we strongly encourage its passage via any legislative vehicle that enacts its clarifying language into law. Thank you for your strong leadership on this important public health issue. Adams County (WA) Mosquito Control Dis-trict, American Mosquito Control Associa-tion, Associated Executives of Mosquito Con-trol Work in New Jersey, Atlantic County Office of Mosquito Control, Baker Valley Vector Control District. Benton County (WA) Mosquito Control District, Columbia Drainage Vector Control District, Davis County (UT) Mosquito Abatement District, Delaware Mosquito Control Section, Florida Mosquito Control Association, Gem County (ID) Mosquito Abatement, Georgia Mosquito Control Association, Idaho Mosquito and Vector Control Association, Jackson County (OR) Vector Control District, Klamath Vec-tor Control District, Louisiana Mosquito Control Association, Magna Mosquito Abate-ment District, Manatee County (FL) Mos-quito Control District. Matthew C. Ball, Multnomah County (OR) Vector Control Program, New Jersey Mos-quito Control Association, North Carolina Mosquito & Vector Control Association, North Morrow Vector Control District, Northeast Mosquito Control Association, North Shore Mosquito Abatement District (Cook County, Illinois), Northwest Mosquito and Vector Control Association, Oregon Mos-quito and Vector Control Association, Penn-sylvania Vector Control Association, Philip D. Smith, Richmond County (GA) Mosquito Control District, South Salt Lake Valley Mosquito Abatement District, Salt Lake City Mosquito Abatement District, Texas Mosquito Control Association, Teton County (WY) Weed & Pest District, Union County (OR) Vector Control District, Washington County (OR) Mosquito Control. Members of the Mosquito and Vector Con-trol Association of California: Alameda County MAD, Alameda County VCSD, Antelope Valley MVCD, Burney Basin MAD, Butte County MVCD, City of Alturas, City of Berkeley, City of Blythe, City of Moorpark/VC, Coachella Valley MVCD, Colusa MAD, Consolidated MAD, Compton Creek MAD, Contra Costa MVCD, County of El Dorado, Vector Control, Delano MAD, Delta VCD, Durham MAD, East Side MAD, Fresno MVCD, Fresno Westside MAD, Glenn County MVCD. Greater LA County VCD, Imperial County Vector Control, June Lake Public Utility District, Kern MVCD, Kings MAD, Lake County VCD, Long Beach Vector Control Program, Los Angeles West Vector and Vec-tor-borne Disease Control District, Madera County MVCD, Marin/Sonoma MVCD, Merced County MAD, Mosquito and Vector Management District of Santa Barbara County, Napa County MAD, Nevada County Community Development Agency, No. Sali-nas Valley MAD, Northwest MVCD, Orange County Mosquito and Vector Control Dis-trict, Oroville MAD, Owens Valley MAP, Pasadena Public Health Department, Pine Grove MAD, Placer MVCD. Riverside County, Dept. of Environmental Health VCP, Sacramento-Yolo MVCD, Sad-dle Creek Community Services District, San Benito County Agricultural Commission, San Bernardino County Mosquito and Vector Control Program, San Diego County Dept. of Environmental Health, Vector Control, San Francisco Public Health, Environmental Health Section, San Gabriel Valley MVCD, San Joaquin County MVCD, San Mateo County MVCD, Santa Clara County VCD, Santa Cruz County Mosquito Abatement/ Vector Control, Shasta MVCD, Solano Coun-ty MAD, South Fork Mosquito Abatement District, Sutter-Yuba MVCD, Tehama Coun-ty MVCD, Tulare Mosquito Abatement Dis-trict, Turlock MAD, Ventura County Envi-ronmental Health Division, West Side MVCD, West Valley MVCD. 
[From the American Mosquito Control Association] A
MERICAN MOSQUITO CONTROL ASSOCIATION  S
TATEMENT ON NPDES B URDEN  From the perspective of the agencies charged with suppressing mosquitoes and other vectors of public health consequence, the NPDES burden is directly related to combatting Zika and other exotic viruses. For over forty years and through both Democratic and Republican administrations, the EPA and states held that these permits did not apply to public health pesticide ap-plications. However, activist lawsuits forced the EPA to require such permits even for the application of EPA-registered pesticides in-cluding mosquito control. AMCA has testified numerous times to es-tablish the burden created by this court rul-ing. The threat to the public health mission of America’s mosquito control districts comes in two costly parts: ONGOING COMPLIANCE COSTS  Though the activists contend that the NDPES permit has ‘‘modest notification and monitoring requirements’’ the experience of mosquito control districts is much different. Initially obtaining and maintaining an NPDES comes at considerable expense. Cali-fornia vector control districts estimate that it has cost them $3 million to conduct the necessary administration of these permits. The Gem County Mosquito Abatement Dis-trict in Idaho has testified that their staff spends three weeks per year tabulating and documenting seasonal pesticide applications associated with permit oversight. Addition-ally, they have had to invest in a geographic information software program that cost 20% of the district’s annual operating budget to maintain this information. That software has no other function than serving the un-necessary NPDES permit. In Congressman DeFazio’s district in Or-egon, the local vector control managers have explained the negative impacts the permit was having on their districts. The managers of those districts have met with Rep. DeFazio’s staff repeatedly in Washington D.C. over the past several years regarding the burden NPDES is having on mosquito control in Oregon. The funds to operate districts like those in Oregon, California, Idaho and across the country come from taxpayers for the purpose of mosquito control, but are being diverted into this bureaucratic oversight function. The fact that the existence of the permit has no additional environmental benefit (since pesticide applications are already gov-erned by FIFRA) makes these taxpayer di-versions from vector control unconscionable. So why would the activist organizations be so adamant that these permits be mandatory for public health pesticide application s... ?  
EXPOSURE TO ACTIVIST LITIGATION  . . . Because it leaves municipal mosquito control programs vulnerable to CWA citizen lawsuits where fines to mosquito control dis-tricts may exceed $37,500/day. Under FIFRA, the activists would need to demonstrate that the pesticides caused harm or were misapplied (because our pesticides are specific to mosquitoes and used in low doses by qualified applicators that would be extremely difficult). However, the CWA 3rd Party Citizen Suit Provision allows for any third party to sue a government entity. Additionally, the CWA does not require actual evidence of a misapplication of a pesticide or harm to the environment, but rather simple paperwork violations or merely allegations of errors in permit oversight. Gem County Mosquito Abatement District was the subject of one of these activist law-suits utilizing the 3rd Party Citizen Suit Provision. It took ten years and the grand total of an entire year’s annual operating budget ($450,000) to resolve that litigation against that public health entity. These ongoing compliance costs and threat of crushing litigation directly refute any ac-tivist statements that ‘‘Clean Water Act cov-erage in no way hinders, delays, or prevents the use of approved pesticides for pest con-trol operations.’’ The existence of this unnecessary require-ment for mosquito control activities is di-rectly related to our ability to combat the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.064 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3039 May 24, 2016 
vectors related to Zika. It diverts precious resources away from finding and suppressing mosquito populations. The American Mosquito Control Associa-tion urges rapid action to address this bur-den. 
PESTICIDE POLICY COALITION  S
ETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT ON H.R. 897 H.R. 897 is bi-partisan, would augment state and local governments’ ability to com-bat Zika-carrying mosquitoes, eliminate costly and unnecessary duplicative permit regulations and thereby increase the number of trained applicators deployed each season to fight mosquitoes, and would continue to ensure the nation’s waterways are protected against adverse impacts on human health, the environment, or drinking water. The dual regulation of pesticide applications under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) and the Clean Water Act (CWA) National Pollutant Dis-charge Elimination System (NPDES) pro-gram is onerous and does not create addi-tional environmental benefits. It is our hope that we can make our case to you via this letter and win your support should the issue come up again under regular order. The burdens imposed by duplicative Clean Water Act requirements will remain a costly impediment to mosquito control, and therefore to Zika control, unless Congress addresses them in this legislation. During last week’s floor debate, a signifi-cant amount of misleading and false infor-mation was used by those opposed to H.R. 897. It’s time to set the record straight: Extensive review of pesticides is required for approval/registration under FIFRA. All pesticides undergo a rigorous review process before being approved for use by the U.S. En-vironmental Protection Agency (EPA). Only those mosquito control products (larvacides and adulticides) that are EPA-approved and registered are available for use to control mosquitoes. EPA’s registration process in-cludes extensive review of studies/data relat-ing to possible health and environmental ef-fects of pesticides. EPA specifically exam-ines the possible risk of the intended use and potential non-target organism impacts and effects on water quality. FIFRA requires that when a pesticide is used according to the label, use ‘‘will perform its intended function without unreasonable adverse ef-fects on the environment; and when used in accordance with widespread and commonly recognized practice it will not generally cause unreasonable adverse effects on the en-vironment’’. Any pesticides in use for mos-quito control have met this standard and when applied in accordance with the FIFRA label should not harm the environment/ water quality. Previous bills were passed in the House. Contrary to statements made during the May 17 floor discussion, there has been con-sistent bi-partisan support for this legisla-tion in the House. The history of previous legislative activity is summarized briefly here: H.R. 1749 (109th Congress): No votes were held during the 109th Congress. A House Ag-riculture Committee hearing took place on 09/29/05. The bill was sponsored by Rep. Butch Otter (R–Idaho), and had 77 co-sponsors, in-cluding over 20 House Democrats. H.R. 872 (112th Congress): The bill had 137 co-sponsors, including over 20 House Demo-crats, and passed the House by a vote of 292 to 130. Yes votes include 57 House Demo-crats. H.R. 935 (113th Congress): The House Agri-culture and Transportation & Infrastructure Committees approved H.R. 935 by voice vote. The House passed H.R. 935 under regular order by a vote of 267 to 161. The Oregon fish kill incident would not have been prevented by a Clean Water Act NPDES Pesticide General Permit. State-ments made on the House floor in reference to a fish kill involving 92,000 steelhead in Or-egon’s Talent Irrigation District occurred several decades ago in 1996. This incident was litigated in the Headwaters v. Talent Irriga-tion District 2001 Ninth Circuit decision that triggered debate over CWA regulation of pes-ticide applications. Not only have regulatory requirements under FIFRA evolved since that time, the Talent incident, and others like it, were later attributed to misuse of the pesticide acrolein, a herbicide used to con-trol aquatic weeds in irrigation canals. In a 2003 EPA Office of Pesticide Programs Re-port analyzing the potential risks posed by acrolein use for several species of Pacific salmon and steelhead, in reference to the fish kill incidents, EPA states ‘‘[w]here suffi-cient information has been provided, it ap-pears that the fish incidents are as a result of misuse. The form of misuse is that water was released from the irrigation canals too early. In some cases this was because the gate valves were not properly closed or that they leaked, in other cases the applicator opened them intentionally, but too soon. In one case, boards that helped contain the irri-gation canal water may have been removed by children playing.’’ EPA goes on in the re-port to address each of the various species of salmon and steelhead analyzed and repeat-edly states ‘‘[i]t is very unlikely that acro-lein would affect the [steelhead or salmon species] if it is used in accordance with all label requirements.’’ Completing NPDES Pesticide General Permit paperwork and paying a permit fee does not prevent fish kills, nor does it improve water quality. Pes-ticide applications in accordance with FIFRA pesticide labels will avoid adverse en-vironmental impacts, including fish kill inci-dents. USGS reports on decades old pesticide data do not reflect impacts of present day use in accordance with FIFRA. During the House floor discussion, one Member referred to a ‘‘2016 USGS Report’’ that includes water quality impairment data that states provide to EPA as showing ‘‘more than 16,000 miles of rivers and streams, 1,380 bays and estu-aries, and 370,000 acres of lakes in the United States are currently impaired or threatened by pesticides.’’ Unfortunately, the U.S. Geo-logical Service (USGS) continues to use out-dated data analyzing pesticide occurrence in U.S. streams dating back to 1992–2001. This does not accurately capture the pesticides that are presently approved for use in the U.S. Further, USGS acknowledges that it’s ‘‘analytical methods were designed to meas-ure concentrations as low as economically and technically feasible. By this approach . . . pesticides were commonly detected at concentrations far below Federal or State standards and guidelines for protecting water quality. Detections of pesticides do not necessarily indicate that there are ap-preciable risks to human health, aquatic life, or wildlife. Most of the 75 products actually studied were not detected or detected very infrequently. In the Fact Sheet for recent draft 2016 PGP reissuance, EPA points out that during the past four years of pesticide use reporting under the PGP ‘‘EPA found that of the 17 pesticide active ingredients identified on the relevant [CWA] 303(d) lists as causes of water quality impairment, 7 of these pesticides have been cancelled, and others have signifi-cant restrictions. Based on annual report data, none of the impairments caused by pes-ticides in PGP states for the 303(d) reported years were for pesticides applied under the PGP in those respective states.’’ This cur-rent information is a more accurate rep-resentation of pesticides currently being used across the country to combat mosquitos and aquatic weeds etc., and strong evidence that none of these applications are causing impairments to water quality. Irrespective of the Clean Water Act NPDES Pesticide General Permit, applica-tors must comply with federal regulations require record-keeping requirements; failure to comply can result in civil and criminal penalties. Under the law, applicators are re-quired to keep detailed records of the type of pesticide, location, time/date, target pests, amount applied, and method/location of any pesticide disposal. Any applicator who ‘‘fails to comply with the provisions of this rule may be subject to civil or criminal sanc-tions.’’ In addition, under FIFRA, pesticide reg-istrants are required to report any knowl-edge of incidents or problems encountered as a result of the pesticide’s use. Specifically, ‘‘if at any time after the registration of a pesticide the registrant has additional fac-tual information regarding unreasonable ad-verse effects on the environment of the pes-ticide, the registrant shall submit such in-formation to the Administrator.’’ H.R. 897 does not eliminate Clean Water Act protections for the nation’s waterways. This bill provides relief from duplicative reg-ulation of pesticide applications under FIFRA and the Clean Water Act Section 402 NPDES Program. Nothing in the legislation would inhibit EPA and states from the con-tinued implementation of the suite of Clean Water Act programs that are governed by other portions of the Act, including estab-lishing and updating water quality stand-ards/criteria and issuing total maximum daily loads (TMDLs). H.R. 897 simply elimi-nates the need for obtaining a Clean Water Act NPDES permit for pesticide applications that are already regulated under FIFRA in a manner that protects against adverse envi-ronmental impacts. In EPA testimony before the House Transportation & Infrastructure, Subcommittee on Water Resources and Envi-ronment, Ben Grumbles, former EPA Assist-ant Administrator for Water, stated ‘‘there are other tools under [the CWA] that we fully intend and continue to use in coordina-tion with State and local water quality offi-cials through the water quality standards programs, through criteria, through pollu-tion reduction and TMDL programs. Those are still in place. If you are lawfully apply-ing a pesticide, and it is a direct application to waters of the U.S., or if it is an applica-tion to control pests over or near waters of the U.S., you don’t need a Clean Water Act permit.’’ NPDES Pesticide General Permits divert state and federal resources away from other Clean Water Act program activities. The fed-eral and state resources required to admin-ister the Pesticide General Permit program detracts from other agency priorities. In 2011 testimony before a joint hearing of the House Committee on Agriculture, Sub-committee on Nutrition and Horticulture and Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-committee on Water Resources and Environ-ment, Dr. Andrew Fisk, then President of the Association of State and Interstate Water Pollution Control Administrators (now known as ACWA), stated, ‘‘[t]he general per-mits being developed must work for over 360,000 (estimated) new permittees brought within the purview of the NPDES program by the National Cotton Council court. Add-ing sources to the NPDES program carries with it regulatory and administrative bur-dens for states beyond merely developing and then issuing permits. It goes without saying that a meaningful environmental regulatory program is more than a paper exercise. It is not just a permit. EPA and states must pro-vide technical and compliance assistance, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.025 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3040 May 24, 2016 
monitoring, and as needed, enforcement. These 360,000 new permittees do not bring with them additional federal or state fund-ing.’’ The threat of CWA liability depletes re-sources available to combat mosquitos. NPDES permitting requirements bring with them the vulnerability for CWA citizen suits. Mosquito control authorities have to set aside resources to defend against potential litigation that could otherwise be used to combat mosquitos and protect public health. In comments on the recent 2016 draft PGP reissuance, the Benton County Mosquito Control District in Washington state com-mented: The absence of lawsuits does not mean that Mosquito Control Districts (MCD’s) have not been affected by the addi-tional liability brought on by the NPDES permit requirement. Benton County Mos-quito Control sets aside 20 percent of our an-nual budget in case we are party to a Clean Water Act related lawsuit The federal facili-ties in my district are managed by the Army Corps of Engineers, and due to the increased liability that has been put on them, we (the applicator) have been asked to report to their agency on a weekly basis. This is an ex-ample of the unseen, ongoing administrative costs of the permit. Similarly, according to the American Mos-quito Control Association (AMCA), ‘‘Cali-fornia vector control districts estimate that it has cost them $3 million’’ to conduct ad-ministration for NPDES PGPs. A few states away in Idaho, the Gem County Mosquito Abatement District was forced to spend ten years and $450,000 (which is the District’s en-tire annual budget) to resolve an activist lawsuit. The lawsuit was brought under the CWA’s 3rd Party Citizen Suit Provision, which doesn’t even require evidence of a misapplication of a pesticide or harm to the environment, but can still result in tying up funds that would otherwise be used to fight mosquitoes. AMCA estimates that the total diversion of taxpayer funds nationwide to unnecessary NPDES-PGP compliance is $3 million annually. This does not include addi-tional costs incurred by other commercial applicators performing public health spray-ing services to municipalities, home owners associations and the like. Each of these problems would be fixed with the passage of H.R. 897, greatly increasing the funds available for governments to fight public health-threatening mosquitoes. Municipal water works remove any harm-ful traces of pesticides from drinking water. Studies by USGS, EPA and states dem-onstrate that detectable traces of pesticides in source waters rarely exceed human health benchmarks. Public drinking water systems must meet Maximum Contaminant Levels (MCL) set by EPA for dozens of chemicals that may be present in source waters. This includes commonly used pesticides and their breakdown products. These standards are le-gally enforceable and another layer of regu-lation that mitigates potential human health risks from pesticide products. NDPES PGP requirements limit the num-ber of applicators able to perform timely pesticide application services. As a result, some applicators are shutting down their ap-plication businesses due to risk of frivolous lawsuit or PGP paperwork costs. Leonard Felix of Olathe Spray Service Inc. in Colo-rado, who testified in front of the House Small Business Committee, shut down his mosquito spraying operation because of the paperwork costs and for fear of frivolous law-suits. Dean Mclain, owner and operator of AG Flyers in Torrington, Wyoming, has similarly ceased mosquito control services. Making the same point, John Salazar, Commissioner of the Colorado Department of Agriculture and former T&I member testi-fied in 2011 to the T&I committee that ‘‘. . . the small businesses and public health enti-ties that represent the majority of those re-quired to obtain permits under this decision will face significant financial difficulties.’’ He added ‘‘If Congress does not act, I fear ag-ricultural producers and other pesticide users will be forced to defend themselves against litigation. I might also add that this uncertainty would likely increase the costs to state regulators....  Depending on the increase in the cost of an application service or the difficulty to comply with all elements of the permit, there may be those who choose to not make pesticide applications at all.’’ 
NATIONAL AGRICULTURAL  A
VIATION ASSOCIATION , May 23, 2016. Hon. B
OBGIBBS, Chairman, Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, U.S. Senate. D
EARCHAIRMAN GIBBS: I am writing in sup-port of H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Control Act. This legislation would eliminate a major unfunded mandate and regulatory hur-dle that decreases our nation’s ability to combat threatening mosquitoes that carry Zika and other viruses. Following the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit case National Cotton Council, et at, v. EPA, et al., pesticide users have been required to obtain a Clean Water Act Na-tional Pollutant Discharge Elimination Sys-tem (NPDES) pesticide general permit (PGP) from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) or delegated states before spraying for mosquitoes. The development of the PGP, processing of permit applications by the states, and appli-cation process to obtain the permit is very costly for state and local governments and pesticide applicators in the private sector. Additional paperwork costs required under the NPDES PGP and the citizen action suit provision under the Clean Water Act results in frivolous litigation and hinder businesses that could otherwise perform necessary pub-lic health work. These stewards of public health face increased legal costs that require a reduction of valuable resources for mos-quito abatement needed by small towns and big cities. This duplicative regulation has forced local governments to spend extremely large percentages of their mosquito abate-ment budgets on these NPDES permits. Cost-ly federal red tape is making it financially impossible for some entities to spray for mosquitoes. In the private sector, our members like Leonard Felix of Olathe Spray Service Inc. in Colorado, are being forced to shut down their mosquito abatement operations be-cause of the costs of NPDES PGPs and po-tential associated lawsuits. Dean Mclain, owner and operator of AG Flyers in Torrington, Wyoming, has similarly ceased mosquito control services. In other words, NPDES PGP requirements have reduced the number of small applicators able to perform mosquito abatement. Since small applicators make up 30 percent of America’s mosquito abatement businesses, these requirements significantly reduce our nation’s ability to fight Zika-carrying mosquitoes. The worst part about these requirements is that they don’t improve water quality. All pesticides that could be used under an NPDES PGP are already currently being re-viewed and regulated by EPA under the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA). This means each pesticide has undergone hundreds of millions of dollars in testing for impacts to aquatic species and water quality, including drinking water. There is no environmental or public health benefit from the PGP requirement, and there is no risk in creating an exemption from this requirement. There is, however, a real public health threat with Zika-carrying mosquitoes in the U.S. and this threat could be exacerbated if H.R. 897 is not enacted because the unneces-sary and duplicative NPDES-PGP require-ments have grounded small business applica-tors that are a vital component of public health spraying. The mosquitoes that are known to carry Zika thrive and are devel-oping as far north as Maine. With these un-necessary regulatory barriers, local govern-ments will have fewer funds and applicators to fight these pests. By enacting H.R. 897, we can fight Zika and other dangerous viruses without additional cost to the American taxpayers by simply recognizing the duplicative permitting proc-ess for pesticides. This legislation would per-manently free up funds for state and local governments to combat mosquitoes while al-lowing mosquito abatement businesses to focus on hiring employees instead of wres-tling with regulatory red tape. Thank you for combatting the spread of Zika, and for protecting public health and small businesses with the Zika Vector Con-trol Act. Sincerely, A
NDREW MOORE , Executive Director. 
Mr. GIBBS. Madam Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, may I ask how much time I have re-maining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from California has 12
1⁄2min-utes remaining, and the gentleman from Ohio has 8 minutes remaining. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a letter in opposition to H.R. 897 from 13 national environmental or-ganizations. They are Earthjustice, League of Conservation Voters, Nat-ural Resources Defense Council, Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen’s Asso-ciation, San Francisco Baykeeper, Cen-ter for Biological Diversity, Clean Water Action, Defenders of Wildlife, Greenpeace, Beyond Pesticides, South-ern Environmental Law Center, Sierra Club, and Friends of the Earth. 
Re Oppose H.R. 897 (‘‘Zika Vector Control Act’’). M
AY16, 2016. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members and supporters nation-wide, we urge you to oppose H.R. 897 (‘‘Zika Vector Control Act’’), which would eliminate Clean Water Act safeguards that protect our waterways and communities from excessive pesticide pollution. The Pesticide General Permit targeted in this legislation has been in place for nearly five years now and alarm-ist predictions by pesticide manufacturers and others about the impacts of this permit have failed to bear any fruit. This bill is the same legislation that pes-ticide manufacturers and other special inter-ests have been pushing for years. It will not improve nor impact spraying to combat Zika virus, contrary to the new, last-minute title given to the bill. The Pesticide General Per-mit at issue allows for spraying to combat vector-borne diseases such as Zika and the West Nile virus. According to the U.S. Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, the permit ‘‘provides that pesticide applications are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.032 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3041 May 24, 2016 
covered automatically under the permit and may be performed immediately for any de-clared emergency pest situations’’ (emphasis added). Further, repealing the Pesticide General Permit—as this damaging legislation seeks to do—would allow pesticides to be dis-charged into water bodies without any mean-ingful oversight since the federal pesticide registration law (the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA)) does not require tracking of such applica-tions. Now that the Pesticide General Permit is in place, the public is finally getting infor-mation that they couldn’t obtain before about the types of pesticides being sprayed or discharged into local bodies of water. All across the country, pesticide applicators are complying with the Pesticide General Per-mit to protect water quality without issue. Further, the Pesticide General Permit has no significant effect on farming practices. The permit in no way affects land applica-tions of pesticides for the purpose of control-ling pests. Irrigation return flows and agri-cultural stormwater runoff do not require permits, even when they contain pesticides. Existing agricultural exemptions in the Clean Water Act remain. Nearly 150 human health, fishing, environ-mental, and other organizations have op-posed efforts like H.R. 897 that would under-mine Clean Water Act permitting for direct pesticide applications to waterways. We at-tach a list of these groups for your reference, as well as a one-page fact sheet with more information on the issue. The Pesticide General Permit simply lays out commonsense practices for applying pes-ticides directly to waters that currently fall under the jurisdiction of the Clean Water Act. Efforts to block this permit are highly controversial, as evidenced by the attached list of groups opposed. Please protect the health of your state’s citizens and all Americans by opposing H.R. 897. Sincerely, Earthjustice; League of Conservation Voters; Natural Resources Defense Council; Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen’s Associations; Sierra Club; San Francisco Baykeeper; Center for Biological Diversity; Southern Envi-ronmental Law Center; Clean Water Action; Defenders of Wildlife; Greenpeace; Beyond Pesticides; Friends of the Earth. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, during the debate on H.R. 897 last week, it was suggested that the record-keeping requirements of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, or FIFRA, were equal to or ex-ceeding those required under the Clean Water Act permit. We checked with EPA and found a very different story. First, contrary to suggestions other-wise, all private pesticide applicators are not required to keep any pesticide applications under FIFRA or its imple-menting regulations. Only commercial application of restricted-use pesticides are required to keep application records under FIFRA recordkeeping re-quirements. Second, pesticide application records do not have to be filed with the EPA, any State or tribal agency, or person. They are only required to keep and be maintained at a place where pesticides are used, and available for inspection upon request by an authorized regu-latory representative. Yet, in contrast to the clean water requirements, the FIFRA application records are not publicly available. While in some States applicators can be required by State or regulation to lead to more robust recordkeeping re-quirements, it is not accurate to say those are required under FIFRA. So in sum, FIFRA requires far fewer pesticide applicators to keep any records, does not require that these records be filed with the Federal, State, or tribal regulatory agency, and does not make these records publicly available. In my view, then, it is not accurate to say that the recordkeeping require-ments of FIFRA and the Clean Water Act are synonymous. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, just to respond a little bit, the EPA sets the label re-quirements. It sets all the require-ments for the certified applicators. And to apply a restricted pesticide, you have to be a certified applicator. Now, ironically, here, the EPA is the agency, the regulator, that can set what is restricted. In most cases what we are talking about here is the pes-ticides being used to control mosqui-toes and stuff are restricted pesticides, and the certified applicators have to keep records. The regulators can come in and check those records. Those records consist of the date you applied the pesticide, the time of day, the wind speed, the temperature, the humidity— all sorts of things—and, obviously, the location. And so the EPA controls this under FIFRA, and they can come in and require to see those records if there is a problem, and they have abso-lute control of what is restricted and what is not restricted, and they can add to that list. They have full, broad ability to do that under FIFRA under the current law. So I want to make that known—that you don’t go out and apply restricted pesticides haphazardly. You just open yourself up to all kinds of legal prob-lems and regulatory problems. It is an erroneous argument that that is going to happen. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, I listened to the ar-guments, and I hope that, for the fifth time, this measure is opposed and re-jected. I think of California and its many rivers and streams that are heavily im-pacted by the pollution of pesticides and herbicides, and I urge my col-leagues to consider that this could hap-pen in their area, too. I ask my colleagues to join me in op-posing H.R. 897. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b1630 Mr. GIBBS. Madam Speaker, I really urge my colleagues to support this bill for several reasons. We need to make sure that we give our local commu-nities and our States all the tools in that tool chest to fight this virus be-cause this could reach epidemic propor-tions this summer. If we don’t do that, it is on us. What we tried to do here on this bill—viruses, they kind of run a course, and they go through that. We went through it with Ebola and other things. You have seen it with swine flu and other things. During this virus running its course, we should do everything we can to try to mitigate the effects and the impact to the public’s health and safety. So one thing we did in this bill is we put a 2-year sunset provision. So on Sep-tember 30 of 2018, this provision, H.R. 897, expires. It sunsets. So, really, to attack the issue here, while this disease runs its course—and, hopefully, it runs its course and we do the right thing and mitigate it by pro-viding the resources to our local com-munities and our States to fight it; to provide for research, which we are doing in our bill that we passed last week; and, also, to give them the tools so they can spend all the money they have on the mosquito control programs and not on administration and paper-work. That court decision back in the mid- 2000s was a bad court decision. It added redtape and duplication and is delaying preventive programs from mosquito control. We know that. We have exam-ples of that. We saw the numbers of West Nile a couple of years ago just explode in West Nile cases because those mosquito programs weren’t doing what they were supposed to be doing, because it is im-portant to get in there and attack the issue early, kill the larvae before they grow mosquitoes. So this is a commonsense bill that gives an additional tool to our local communities and States to fight that. This argument that applicators go out and just haphazardly apply pes-ticides and chemicals is just playing on people’s emotions. It is just not true. First of all, these pesticides aren’t cheap. They are expensive, and we try to use them in limited amounts to do the best thing. Under FIFRA, a certified pesticide applicator, like I said, has to document everything they do, and those docu-ments have to be made readily avail-able if their regulator—in this case, the EPA—comes in and says they want to see them. So if there is an issue with some waterbody, they can come in and find out. We saw that in that spill that was mentioned back in the 1990s in Oregon. That was a spill. It was done by either incompetence or not by a certified ap-plicator. We also got reports that cer-tain irrigation gates were open. Things just didn’t happen the way they were supposed to happen. The NPS permit would not have pre-vented that spill. We need to make sure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.024 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3042 May 24, 2016 
that we do everything we can and give the tools to communities to protect the environment, foster and protect public health, and not have to wait to do an emergency declaration and do aerial spraying and everything else. Let’s get those preventive programs going, and then we will give them the resources to do that and head off this potential epidemic before it occurs and protect the safety of our citizens. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 897. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Madam Speaker, I submit the following letters of support that we received for the bill last week: A letter from nearly 100 organizations sup-porting H.R. 897, including: the National Asso-ciation of State Departments of Agriculture, the National Farmers Union, the Ohio Profes-sional Applicators for Responsible Regulation, the Pesticide Policy Coalition, and the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives. The National Pest Management Association. Responsible Industry for a Sound Environ-ment. The American Farm Bureau Federation. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 17, 2016. D
EAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : The nearly one hundred undersigned organizations urge your support for HR 897, the Zika Vector Control Act, which the House will consider today under suspension of the rules. Pesticide users, including those protecting public health from mosquito borne diseases, are now subjected to the court created re-quirement that lawful applications over, to or near ‘waters of the U.S.’ obtain a Clean Water Act (CWA) National Pollutant Dis-charge Elimination System (NPDES) permit from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) or delegated states. HR 897 would clar-ify that federal law does not require this re-dundant permit for already regulated pes-ticide applications. Under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIERA), all pesticides are reviewed and regulated for use with strict instructions on the EPA approved product label. A thorough review and ac-counting of impacts to water quality and aquatic species is included in every EPA re-view. Requiring water permits for pesticide applications is redundant and provides no ad-ditional environmental benefit. Compliance with the NPDES water permit also imposes duplicative resource burdens on thousands of small businesses and farms, as well as the municipal, county, state and fed-eral agencies responsible for protecting nat-ural resources and public health. Further, and most menacing, the permit exposes all pesticide users—regardless of permit eligi-bility—to the liability of CWA-based citizen law suits. In the 112th Congress, the same Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act—then HR 872— passed the House Committee on Agriculture and went on to pass the House of Representa-tives on suspension. In the 113th Congress, the legislation—then HR 935—passed the both the House Committees on Agriculture and Transportation & Infrastructure by voice vote, and again, the House of Rep-resentatives. The water permit threatens the critical role pesticides play in protecting human health and the food supply from destructive and disease-carrying pests, and for managing invasive weeds to keep open waterways and shipping lanes, to maintain rights of way for transportation and power generation, and to prevent damage to forests and recreation areas. The time and money expended on re-dundant permit compliance drains public and private resources. All this for no measureable benefit to the environment. We urge you to remove this regulatory burden by voting ‘‘YES’’ on HR 897, the Zika Vector Control Act. Sincerely, Agribusiness Council of Indiana; Agri-business & Water Council of Arizona; Agricultural Alliance of North Caro-lina; Agricultural Council of Arkansas; Agricultural Retailers Association; Alabama Agribusiness Council; Amer-ican Farm Bureau Federation; Ala-bama Farmers Federation; American Mosquito Control Association; Amer-ican Soybean Association; AmericanHort; Aquatic Plant Manage-ment Society; Arkansas Forestry Asso-ciation; Biopesticide Industry Alliance; California Association of Winegrape Growers; California Specialty Crops Council; Cape Cod Cranberry Growers Association; The Cranberry Institute; CropLife America; Council of Pro-ducers & Distributors of Agrotechnology. Family Farm Alliance; Far West Agri-business Association; Florida Farm Bu-reau Federation; Florida Fruit & Vege-table Association; Georgia Agri-business Council; Golf Course Super-intendents Association of America; Ha-waii Cattlemen’s Council; Hawaii Farm Bureau Federation; Idaho Grower Ship-pers Association; Idaho Potato Com-mission; Idaho Water Users Associa-tion; Illinois Farm Bureau; Illinois Fertilizer & Chemical Association; Kansas Agribusiness Retailers Associa-tion; Louisiana Cotton and Grain Asso-ciation; Louisiana Farm Bureau Fed-eration; Maine Potato Board; Michigan Agribusiness Association; Minnesota Agricultural Aircraft Association; Min-nesota Crop Production Retailers. Minnesota Pesticide Information & Edu-cation; Minor Crops Farmer Alliance; Missouri Agribusiness Association; Missouri Farm Bureau Federation; Montana Agricultural Business Asso-ciation; National Agricultural Aviation Association; National Alliance of For-est Owners; National Alliance of Inde-pendent Crop Consultants; National Association of State Departments of Agriculture; National Association of Wheat Growers; National Corn Growers Association; National Cotton Council; National Council of Farmer Coopera-tives; National Farmers Union; Na-tional Pest Management Association; National Potato Council; National Rural Electric Cooperative; Associa-tion National Water Resources Asso-ciation; Nebraska Agri-Business Asso-ciation; North Carolina Agricultural Consultants Association. North Carolina Cotton Producers Asso-ciation; North Central Weed Science Society; North Dakota Agricultural Association; Northeast Agribusiness and Feed Alliance; Northeastern Weed Science Society; Northern Plains Po-tato Growers Association; Northwest Horticultural Council; Ohio Profes-sional Applicators for Responsible Reg-ulation; Oregon Potato Commission; Oregonians for Food & Shelter; Pes-ticide Policy Coalition; Plains Cotton Growers, Inc.; Professional Landcare Network; RISE (Responsible Industry for a Sound Environment); Rocky Mountain Agribusiness Association; SC Fertilizer Agrichemicals Association; South Dakota Agri-Business Associa-tion; South Texas Cotton and Grain As-sociation; Southern Cotton Growers, Inc.; Southern Crop Production Asso-ciation. Southern Rolling Plains Cotton Growers; Southern Weed Science Society; Sugar Cane League; Texas Ag Industries As-sociation; Texas Vegetation Manage-ment Association; United Fresh Produce Association; U.S. Apple Asso-ciation; USA Rice Federation; Virginia Agribusiness Council; Virginia For-estry Association; Washington Friends of Farm & Forests; Washington State Potato Commission; Weed Science So-ciety of America; Western Growers; Western Plant Health Association; Western Society of Weed Science; Wild Blueberry Commission of Maine; Wis-consin Farm Bureau Federation; Wis-consin Potato and Vegetable Growers Association; Wisconsin State Cran-berry Growers Association; Wyoming Ag Business Association; Wyoming Crop Improvement Association; Wyo-ming Wheat Growers Association. NATIONAL PESTMANAGEMENT ASSOCIATION  D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : I am writing to you today as a pest management professional re-questing your support for H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Control Act. H.R. 897 is scheduled to be considered by the full House of Represent-atives tomorrow, May 17. H.R. 897 would sus-pend the need to obtain unnecessary and bur-densome permits, allowing our industry to better protect you from the mosquitoes that transmit the Zika virus. Zika is an emerging mosquito-borne virus that currently has no specific medical treat-ment or vaccine. Zika virus is spread through the bite of infected mosquitoes in the Aedes genus, the same mosquitoes that carry dengue fever and chikungunya. The Zika virus causes mild flu-like symptoms in about 20 percent of infected people, but the main concern among leading health organi-zations is centered on a possible link be-tween the virus and microcephaly, a birth defect associated with underdevelopment of the head and brain, resulting in neurological and developmental problems. The World Health Organization (WHO) recently de-clared Zika virus a global health emergency. Currently, pest management professionals who apply even small amounts of pesticides in and around lakes, rivers and streams to protect public health and prevent potential disease outbreaks are required to obtain an additional, redundant and burdensome Na-tional Pollutant Discharge Elimination Sys-tem (NPDES) permit prior to application. Under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), all pesticides are reviewed and regulated for use with strict in-structions on the U.S. Environmental Pro-tection Agency (EPA) approved product label. A thorough review and accounting of impacts to water quality and aquatic species is included in every EPA review. Requiring water permits for pesticide applications is redundant and provides no additional envi-ronmental benefit. Pest management professionals are on the front lines of protecting the public, using a variety of tools, including pesticides. Requir-ing pest management applicators to obtain an NPDES permit to prevent and react to po-tential disease outbreaks wastes valuable time against rapidly moving and potentially deadly pests. Water is the breeding ground for many pests. The pest management industry strongly urges you temporarily remove this regu-latory burden and help us protect people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.067 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3043 May 24, 2016 
throughout your community from mosqui-toes that transmit dangerous and deadly dis-eases, like Zika, by voting YES on H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Control Act. 
RESPONSIBLE INDUSTRY FOR  
ASOUND ECONOMY , Washington, DC, May 17, 2016. Hon. B
OBGIBBS, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE GIBBS: Thank you for re-introducing the H.R. 897. RISE (Re-sponsible Industry for a Sound Environment) is a national not-for-profit trade association representing producers and suppliers of spe-cialty pesticides including products used to control mosquitoes and invasive aquatic weeds. For most of the past four decades, water quality concerns from pesticide applications were addressed within the registration proc-ess under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIERA) rather than a Clean Water Act permitting program. Due to a 2009 decision of the 6th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals, Clean Water Act National Pollu-tion Discharge Elimination System Permits (NPDES) have been required since 2011 for aquatic pesticide applications. NPDES per-mits do not provide any identifiable addi-tional environmental benefits, but add sig-nificant costs and paperwork requirements which make it more expensive to protect people from mosquitoes that can vector the Zika Virus, West Nile Virus, Dengue Fever and other viruses. Permits also make it more expensive to control invasive aquatic plants that over take our waterways and impede en-dangered species habitat. H.R. 897 would clarify that duplicative NPDES permits are not needed for the appli-cation of EPA approved pesticides. The elimination of these permits will speed re-sponse to public health and other pest pres-sures, save resources for, states, municipali-ties, and communities. We support this legis-lation look forward to working with you and your colleagues to advance this legislation. Sincerely, A
ARON HOBBS, President. 
AMERICAN FARM B
UREAU FEDERATION , Washington, DC, May 16, 2016. Hon., House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MEMBERS OF CONGRESS : Later this week, the House will vote on legislation that clarifies congressional intent regarding regu-lation of the use of pesticides for control of exotic diseases such as Zika virus and West Nile virus, as well as for other lawful uses in or near navigable waters. The American Farm Bureau Federation (AFBF) strongly supports the Zika Vector Control Act of 2016’’ and urges all members of Congress to support this legislation. AFBF represents rural areas nationwide that will be impacted by the spread of dan-gerous exotic diseases like Zika. The only control measure at this time is vector con-trol. Our members are aware that local mos-quito control districts face tight budgets and are concerned with the operational disrup-tions and increased costs associated with un-necessary and duplicative permitting re-quirements. Any disruption in vector control will expose a large portion of Farm Bureau members to mosquitos that may carry dis-eases like Zika and West Nile virus. We urge all committee members to vote in favor of the ‘‘Zika Vector Control Act of 2016.’’ Thank you very much for your support. Sincerely, ZIPPY DUVALL , President. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I rise to speak in support of full funding for the Zika Response Appropriations, because the House appropriations measure fell short of what is needed to aggressively address the enormity of the Zika Virus threat to the Americas and the United States, with particular concern for Puerto Rico the House needs to act. I thank President Obama for his leadership in requesting $1.9 billion to address the threat of the Zika Virus, and facing congressional delay he took funds from Ebola response to prepare the nation to face the Zika Virus threat. Let us not forget—Ebola was on our door-step last year before Congress acted and there are still Ebola hot spots that are occur-ring, which have to be addressed, but we now lack the resources to deal with that ever present threat. I am committed to doing everything I can to address the threat of Zika Virus, but I am not supportive of tricks or misguided strategies to get legislation to the House floor in the name of Zika prevention that will do too little; and funding that will abruptly end on September 30, 2016. As the founder and Chair of the Children’s Caucus and a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I am acute-ly aware of how dangerous the Zika Virus is to women who may be pregnant or may be-come pregnant should they be exposed to the disease. Houston, Texas, like many cities, towns, and parishes along the Gulf Coast, has a trop-ical climate hospitable to mosquitoes that carry the Zika Virus like parts of Central and South America, as well as the Caribbean. For this reason, I am sympathetic to those members who have districts along the Gulf Coast. These Gulf Coast areas, which include Houston, the third largest city in the nation, are known to have both types of the Zika Virus carrying mosquitoes: the Aedes Aegypti and the Asian Tiger Mosquito; which is why I held a meeting in Houston on March 10, 2016 about this evolving health threat. I convened this meeting with Houston, Har-ris County and State officials at every level of responsibility to combat the Zika Virus and to discuss preparations that would mitigate it. The participants included Dr. Peter Hotez, Dean of the National School of Tropical Medi-cine and Professor of Pediatrics at Baylor Col-lege of Medicine and Dr. Dubboun, Director of the Harris County Public Health Environmental Services Mosquito Control Division who gave strong input on the critical need to address the threat on a multi-pronged approach. The potential for the Zika Virus outbreaks in the United States if we do not act is real, and the people on the front lines are state and local governments who must prepare for mos-quito season, establish community oriented education campaigns, provide Zika Virus pre-vention resources to women who live in areas where poverty is present, and environmental remediation of mosquito breeding near where people live. The assumption that everyone has air con-ditioning; window and door screens that are in good repair or present at all; does not take into consideration the pockets of poverty that are present in every major city including many towns, counties, parishes, and cities along the Gulf Coast. The 18th Congressional District of Texas, which I represent, has a tropical climate and is very likely to confront the challenge of Zika Virus carrying mosquitoes before mosquito season ends in the fall. Dr. Dubboun, Director of the Harris County Public Health Environmental Services Mos-quito Control Division stressed that we cannot spray our way out of the Zika Virus threat. He was particularly cautious about the over use of spraying because of its collateral threat to the environment and people. We should not forget that Flint, Michigan was an example of short-sighted thinking on the part of government decision makers, which resulted in the contamination of that city’s water supply. The participants in the meeting I held in Houston represented the senior persons at every state and local agency with responsi-bility for Zika Virus response. The expert view of those present was that we need a unity of effort plan to address the Zika Virus in the Houston and Harris County area that will include every aspect of the com-munity. The collective wisdom of these experts re-vealed that we should not let the fear of the Zika Virus control public policy. Instead we should get in front of the prob-lem, then we can control the Zika Virus from its source—targeting mosquito breeding envi-ronments. The real fight against the Zika Virus will be fought neighborhood by neighborhood and will rely upon the resources and expertise of local government working closely with State govern-ments supported by federal government agen-cies. The consensus of Texas, Houston, and Har-ris County experts is that we make significant strides to stay ahead of the arrival of mosquito transmission of Zika Virus if we act now. The CDC said that for the period January 1, 2015 to May 11, 2016, the number of cases are as follows: 
THE UNITED STATES  
Travel-associated cases reported: 503; Lo-cally acquired through mosquito bites re-ported: 0; Total: 503. Pregnant: 48; Sexually transmitted: 10; Guillain-Barre´syndrome: 1. 
U.S. TERRITORIES  
Travel-associated cases reported: 3; Mos-quito acquired cases reported: 698; Total: 701. Pregnant: 65; Guillain-Barre´syndrome: 5. There are 49 countries and territories in our hemisphere where mosquito borne trans-mission of the Zika Virus is the primary way the virus is spread include: American Samoa; Aruba; Belize; Barbados; Bolivia; Brazil; Bonaire; Cape Verde; Central America; Colombia; Costa Rica; Cuba; Curac¸ao; Dominica; Dominican Republic; El Salvador; Ecuador; Fiji; French Guiana; Gre-nada; the Grenadines; Guatemala; Guade-loupe; Haiti; Honduras; Islands Guyana; Ja-maica; Martinique; Kosrae (Federated States of Micronesia); Marshall Islands; Mexico; Nica-ragua; New Caledonia; the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Panama; Papua New Guinea, Paraguay; Peru; Samoa, a U.S. territory; Saint Barthelemy; Saint Lucia; Saint Martin; Saint Vincent; Saint Maarten; Suriname; Tonga; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.041 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3044 May 24, 2016 
Trinidad and Tobago; U.S. Virgin Islands, Ven-ezuela and particular note is made by the CDC by listing the 2016 Summer Olympics (Rio 2016) separately. As of May 11, 2016, there were more than 1,200 confirmed Zika cases in the continental United States and U.S. Territories, including over 110 pregnant women with confirmed cases of the Zika virus. The Zika virus is spreading in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa and abroad, and there will likely be mosquito-borne transmission within the continental United States in the coming summer months. The most important approach to control the spread of Zika Virus is poverty and the condi-tions that may exist in poor communities can be of greatest risk for the Zika Virus breeding habitats for vector mosquitoes. The spread of disease is opportunistic—Zika Virus is an opportunistic disease that is spread by 2 mosquitoes out of the 57 verities. We should be planning to fight those 2 mos-quitoes in a multi-pronged way with every re-source we can bring to the battle. Poverty is where the mosquito will find places to breed in great numbers, but these mosquitoes will not be limited to low income areas nor does the disease care how much someone earns. The Aedes Aegypti or Yellow Fever mos-quito has evolved to feed on people for the blood needed to lay its eggs. This mosquito can breed in as little as a cap of dirty water; it will breed in aquariums in homes; plant water catching dishes; the well of discarded tires; puddles or pools of water; ditches; and children’s wading pools. Although water may evaporate mosquito eggs will remain viable and when it rains again or water is placed where they are in contact with eggs the process for mosquitos development resumes. The enablers of Zika Virus are those who il-legally dump tires; open ditches, torn screens, or no screens; tropical climates that create heat and humidity that force people without air conditioning to open windows or face heat ex-haustion. It might be hard for people who do not live in the tropical climates along the Gulf Coast to understand what a heat index is—it is a com-bination of temperature and humidity, which can mean that temperatures in summer are over 100 degrees. Zika Virus Prevention Kits like those being distributed in Puerto Rico, which are vital to the effort there to protect women, will be es-sential to the fight against Zika Virus along the Gulf Coast. These kits should include mosquito nets for beds. Bed nets have proven to be essential in the battle to reduce malaria by providing protec-tion and reducing the ability of biting insects to come in contact with people. Mosquito netting has fine holes that are big enough to allow breezes to easily pass through, but small enough to keep mosquitoes and other biting insects out. The kits should also include DEET mosquito repellant products that can be sprayed on clothing to protect against mosquito bites. Madam Speaker, there is no need to be alarmed, but we should be preparing aggres-sively so that this nation does not have a re-occurrence of what happened during the Ebola crisis—when the Federal government seemed unprepared because this Congress was unmoved by the science, until domestic transmission of the disease were recorded. The Zika Virus is a neurogenic virus that can attack the brain tissue of children in their mother’s womb. The Zika Virus will be difficult to detect and track in all cases because 4 in 5 people who get the disease will have no symptoms. We know that 33 states have one or both of the vector mosquitoes. Dr. Peter Hotez said that we can anticipated that the Americas including the United States can expect 4 million Zika Virus cases in the next four months and to date there are over a million cases in Brazil. The virus has been transmitted through sex-ual contact. We know that the evidence of the Zika Virus in newborns in the United States may not be-come apparent until we are in the late fall or winter of next year. The most serious outcome the Zika Virus exposure is birth defects that can occur during pregnancy if the mother is exposed to the Zika Virus. Infections of pregnant women can result in: Still births; The rate of Microcephaly based on Zika Virus exposure far exceeds that number. Microcephaly is brain underdevelopment ei-ther at birth or the brain failing to develop properly after birth, which can cause: Difficulty walking; Difficulty hearing; and Difficulty with speech. Researchers and scientists at the CDC; NIH and HHS do not know how the disease at-tacks the nervous system of developing ba-bies. They cannot answer what the long term health prospects are for children born with such a severe brain birth defect. They have not discovered the right vaccine to fight the disease—which requires care to be sure that it is safe and effective especially in pregnant women or women who may become pregnant. The do not know what plan will work and to what degree if a tight network of mosquito control is established in areas most likely to have the Zika Virus carrying mosquitoes. How the Zika Virus may evolve over time and what they may mean for human health. I urge my colleagues to reject anything less than full support of the President’s request for $1.9 billion to fight the Zika Virus threat. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 742, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. RUIZ. Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. RUIZ. I am opposed in its current form, Madam Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: Mr. Ruiz moves to recommit the bill H.R. 897 to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 4. PROTECTING PREGNANT WOMEN AND CHILDREN FROM PESTICIDES KNOWN OR SUSPECTED TO CAUSE ADVERSE HEALTH IMPACTS ON PREGNANT WOMEN, FETAL GROWTH, OR EARLY CHILDHOOD DEVELOP-MENT. 
This Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall not apply to the discharge of a pesticide if there is evidence, based on peer-reviewed science, that the pesticide is known or suspected to— (1) cause adverse health effects on preg-nant women; (2) cause adverse impacts to fetal growth or development; or (3) cause adverse impacts on early child-hood development. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. RUIZ. Madam Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Madam Speaker, I offer this amend-ment because I recognize the critical need to protect women, infants, and de-veloping children from the harmful im-pact of pesticides. The underlying bill, the so-called Zika Vector Control Act, is a farce de-signed to play on public fears over Zika. It has nothing to do with com-bating Zika. In fact, Republicans have been push-ing the text of the underlying legisla-tion for years under whatever name happens to be convenient at the time. Otherwise known as the pesticide Trojan horse bill, this legislation at-tempts to gut our ability to track and report when and where harmful pes-ticides are sprayed. Without oversight compliance, physi-cians and scientists are less able to track and identify the cluster of symp-toms caused by pesticides which, in turn, reduces their ability to protect the public’s health. I know, as a physician and public health expert, that pesticides can have serious toxic impacts on human health particularly for women and children. Pesticides can endanger women and unborn children, cause malformation in infants, hinder early childhood de-velopment, endanger reproductive health, and cause cancer. Madam Speaker, I speak as a physi-cian, but I also speak as the son of farm workers. The underlying bill could expose already vulnerable popu-lations to greater risks of contamina-tion from pesticides. Farm workers would be harmed by the unmonitored use of these harmful pesticides. No oversight of compliance can harm the public’s health. That is why I am offering this commonsense amendment to protect the health safety of our communities and our women and chil-dren. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.035 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3045 May 24, 2016 
Instead of actually working to con-trol the spread of one public health cri-sis, the Zika virus, this bill could make another public health problem even worse. Rather than spending our time on this bill that does nothing to strength-en Zika prevention efforts across the country, we should be working to pass legislation to fully fund efforts to con-tain and stop the virus before we ad-journ. Madam Speaker, last week we voted on an inadequate and unconscionable Zika funding bill that I opposed. That bill funded only one-third of the re-quest from public health experts. In medicine, you don’t just partially treat a patient. That is called mal-practice. You don’t take out just a third of the cancer. You don’t just give a third of the antibiotic dose for severe pneumonia. Time is running out. It is past due, Madam Speaker, for you to do your job, protect American families, and fully address the Zika virus threat. This underlying bill does not contain a dime in funding and no authority to protect public health from the spread of the Zika virus. It is an unnecessary bill because vector control agencies al-ready have the authority to use pes-ticides under a public health emer-gency like the spread of the Zika virus epidemic. So instead of pushing this Trojan horse, which could actually expose vul-nerable communities to serious health risks, let’s fully fund efforts to protect American families from Zika. I urge you to vote ‘‘yes’’ to protect the health and safety of women and children in this country and to demand that we fully fund efforts to combat the spread of the Zika virus before it is too late. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Madam Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GIBBS. Madam Speaker, this mo-tion to recommit is unnecessary. The underlying bill, H.R. 897, eliminates the duplicative, expensive, and unnec-essary permit process and helps free up resources for States, counties, and local governments to better combat the spread of Zika. But this motion, in effect, aims to undermine those efforts. There are already adequate protec-tions built in the FIFRA law. The FIFRA review process can restrict or deny. The process is rigorous and re-quires the EPA to evaluate the human health and environmental effects of pesticides prior to allowing their use. EPA goes through their process. If there is any risk to the environment or human health, a pesticide will not get registered with an approved label. There won’t be a label. It is that sim-ple. It will be a restricted pesticide and won’t be approved for use. There are already enough protections in the current FIFRA law. So all this redundancy is just plain unnecessary. So we need to move ahead and stop cre-ating unnecessary roadblocks and use the products that we have to protect the public. The argument about harming farm workers is just unbelievable, too, be-cause EPA controls the label. If it is restricted pesticides—which EPA can make all pesticides restricted. It has to be a certified applicator. So any farm worker has to be under the supervision of a certified appli-cator, and we have that in effect. So farm workers are not harmed from this. The FIFRA law is adequate. H.R. 897 is a good bill that will help protect pregnant women and stop mos-quitos before they spread the Zika virus to vulnerable populations. I strongly oppose the motion to re-commit, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. RUIZ. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, and the order of the House of today, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of H.R. 897, if ordered, and the motion to concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2576 with an amendment. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 182, nays 232, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 236] YEAS—182 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—232 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Aug 02, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\MAY2016\H24MY6.REC H24MY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3046 May 24, 2016 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—19 
Allen Bass Castro (TX) Collins (GA) Fattah Fincher Granger Herrera Beutler Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Jackson Lee Loudermilk Massie Miller (MI) O’Rourke Sanchez, Loretta Scott, Austin Takai Waters, Maxine 
b1703 Messrs. RATCLIFFE, FITZPATRICK, HURD of Texas, Mmes. BLACKBURN, LOVE, Messrs. CALVERT, McHENRY, FORBES, TIBERI, DENT, and GOSAR changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. LARSON of Connecticut and Ms. MOORE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 258, noes 156, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 237] AYES—258 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—156 
Adams Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Allen Bass Castro (TX) Collins (GA) Fattah Fincher Granger Herrera Beutler Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Jackson Lee Loudermilk McGovern Miller (MI) O’Rourke Sanchez, Loretta Scott, Austin Takai Waters, Maxine 
b1709 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill (H.R. 2576) to mod-ernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes, with an amendment, offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to concur. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 403, nays 12, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 238] YEAS—403 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.029 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3047 May 24, 2016 
Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—12 
Buck Clarke (NY) Duncan (TN) Huffman Lofgren McClintock Pingree Sarbanes Schakowsky Slaughter Speier Tonko 
NOT VOTING—18 
Allen Bass Castro (TX) Collins (GA) Fattah Fincher Granger Herrera Beutler Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Jackson Lee Loudermilk Miller (MI) O’Rourke Sanchez, Loretta Scott, Austin Takai Waters, Maxine 
b1716 So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 2012, ENERGY POLICY MOD-ERNIZATION ACT OF 2016; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5233, CLARIFYING CONGRES-SIONAL INTENT IN PROVIDING FOR DC HOME RULE ACT OF 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 27, 2016, THROUGH JUNE 6, 2016 Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–593) on the resolution (H. Res. 744) providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2012) to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5233) to repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the respective roles of the District government and Con-gress in the local budget process of the District government, and for other pur-poses; and providing for proceedings during the period from May 27, 2016, through June 6, 2016, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 3765 Mr. JOLLY. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be withdrawn as a cosponsor of H.R. 3765. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 5055 and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Is there ob-jection to the request of the gentleman from Idaho? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 743 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 5055. The Chair appoints the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1720 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMP-
SON) and the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) each will control 30 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Idaho. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is my distinct honor to bring this fiscal year 2017 Energy and Water De-velopment and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act before you today. Before I go into the details, I would like to recognize the hard work of Chairman R
OGERS and Ranking Mem-ber L
OWEY on this bill and in the ap-propriations process in our trying to get back to regular order. I would also like to thank my rank-ing member, Ms. K
APTUR . I appreciate her help and her hard work on this bill. This bill is a better bill because of her input on this legislation. The bill provides $37.4 billion for the activities of the Department of Energy, the Army Corps of Engineers, the Bu-reau of Reclamation, and other agen-cies under our jurisdiction. This is $259 million more than last year’s funding level and is $168 million above the budget request. This is a responsible bill that recog-nizes the importance of investing in this Nation’s infrastructure and na-tional defense. As we do each year, we work hard to incorporate priorities and perspectives from both sides of the aisle. The administration’s proposal to cut the programs of the Army Corps of En-gineers by $1.4 billion would have led to economic disruptions at our ports and waterways silted in and would have left our communities and businesses vul-nerable to flooding. Instead, this bill recognizes the critical work of the Corps and provides $6.1 billion for those activities. This includes $1.8 billion for flood and coastal storm damage reduc-tion projects. These projects prevented 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.030 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3048 May 24, 2016 
damages of $14.8 billion in 2014 alone. Harbor maintenance activities are funded at $1.26 billion, the same as last year, and $122 million more than the fiscal year 2017 target. The bill makes use of all estimated annual revenues from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund. The Department of Energy’s nuclear weapons program is funded at $9.3 bil-lion, which is $438 million more than last year. This increase will support full funding for the stockpile life ex-tension programs. It also includes an additional $106 million above the re-quest to address the growing backlog of deferred maintenance and $30 million above the request to upgrade the secu-rity infrastructure where nuclear weapons material is stored. The rec-ommendation for naval reactors is $1.4 billion, an increase of $45 million, and includes full funding for the Ohio-class replacement submarine. A national energy policy can only be successful if it maintains stability while investing in a secure, inde-pendent, and prosperous energy future. This bill makes balanced investments in a true all-of-the-above energy strat-egy. This bill also takes a strong stand against the regulatory overreach and extreme application of laws that have been the hallmark of this administra-tion. The bill opposes the administration’s actions with regard to the Clean Water Act and includes three provisions that prohibit changes to the definition of ‘‘fill material,’’ the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States,’’ and the permit requirement for certain agricul-tural activities. The bill also includes several provi-sions to ensure that the Bureau of Rec-lamation maximizes water deliveries in California to help alleviate the drought while sustaining senior water rights and maintaining environmental protec-tions. This is a strong bill that will advance our national security interests and our economy, and I urge everyone to sup-port it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.076 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3049 May 24, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.028 H24MYPT1
Insert graphic folio 836/1 here EH250516.001smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, FY 2017 (H.R. 5055) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
TITLE I -DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE -CIVIL 
DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY 
Corps of Engineers -Civil 
Investigations ....................................... . 
Construction ......................................... . 
Mississippi River and Tributaries .................... . 
Operations and Maintenance ........................... . 
Regula tory Program ................................... . 
Formerly Utilized Sites Remedial Action Program 
(FUSRAP) ........................................... . Flood 
Control and Coastal Emergencies ................ . Expenses ............................................. . 
Office of Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil 
Works) ............................................. . 
Total, title I, Department of Defense- Civil .. . 
Appropriations ............................. . 
Rescissions ................................ . 
TITLE II -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 
Central Utah Project Completion Account 
Central Utah Project Completion Account .............. . Bureau 
of Reclamation 
Water and Related Resources .......................... . 
Central Valley Project Restoration Fund .............. . 
California Bay-Delta Restoration ..................... . 
Policy and Administration ............................ . 
Indian Water Rights Settlements ...................... . San 
Joaquin River Restoration Fund ................... . 
Total, Bureau of Reclamation ..................... . FY 2016 
Enacted 
121 '000 
1,862,250 
345,000 
3' 137' 000 
200,000 
112,000 
28,000 
179,000 
4,750 
============= 
5,989,000 
(5,989,000) 
10,000 
1 '118' 972 
49,528 
37,000 
59,500 
1,265,000 FY 2017 Request 
85,000 
1,090,000 
222,000 
2,705,000 
200,000 
103,000 
30,000 
180,000 
5,000 
============= 
4,620,000 
(4,620,000) 
5,600 
813,402 
55,606 
36,000 
59,000 
106' 151 
36,000 
1 '1 06' 159 Bill 
120,000 
1,945,580 
345,000 
3' 157' 000 
200,000 
103,000 
34,000 
180,000 
4,750 
============= 
6,089,330 
(6,089,330) 
11 '000 
982,972 
55,606 
36,000 
59,000 
1,133,578 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-1 '000 
+83,330 
+20,000 
-9,000 
+6,000 
+1 ,000 
============= 
+100,330 (+100,330) 
+1 ,000 
-136,000 
+6,078 
-1 '000 
-500 
-131 ,422 Bill vs. 
Request 
+35,000 
+855,580 +123,000 +452,000 
+4,000 
-250 
============= 
+1 ,469,330 
(+1,469,330) 
+5,400 +169,570 -106,151 
-36,000 
+27,419 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= Total, title II, Department of the Interior .... . 
Appropriations ............................. . 
Rescissions ................................ . 
TITLE III -DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
Energy Programs Energy 
Efficiency and Renewable Energy ............... . 
Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability .......... . 
Nuclear Energy ....................................... . 
Defense function ................................. . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Fossil Energy Research and Development ............... . 
Office of Technology Transitions ..................... . Naval 
Petroleum and Oil Shale Reserves ............... . 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve .......................... . 
Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve ................... . Energy 
Information Administration .................... . 
Non-defense Environmental Cleanup .................... . 
Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund ............................................... . 
Science .............................................. . 1,275,000 
(1 ,275,000) 
2,073,000 
206,000 
860,000 
126' 161 
986' 161 
632,000 
17,500 
212,000 
7,600 
122,000 
255,000 
673,749 
5,350,200 1,111,759 
(1,111,759) 
2,898,400 
262,300 
842,020 
151,876 
993,896 
360,000 
8,400 
14,950 
257,000 
6,500 
131 '125 
218,400 
5,572,069 1,144,578 
(1 ,144,578) 
1,825,000 
225,000 
875,000 
136' 616 1 '011 ,616 
645,000 
7,000 
14,950 
257,000 
6,500 
122,000 
226,745 
698,540 
5,400,000 -130,422 
(-130,422) 
-248,000 
+19,000 +15,000 
+10,455 +25,455 
+13,000 +7,000 
-2,550 
+45,000 
-1 '100 
-28,255 
+24,791 +49,800 +32,819 (+32,819) -1,073,400 
-37,300 
+32,980 
-15,260 
+17,720 +285,000 
-1,400 
-9' 125 +8,345 +698,540 
-172,069 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3050 May 24, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.028 H24MYPT1
Insert graphic folio 836/2 here EH250516.002smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, FY 2017 (H.R. 5055) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
N.uclear Waste Disposal ............................... . Advanced 
Research Projects Agency-Energy ............. . 
Office of Indian Energy Policy and Programs .......... . 
Title 17 Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program. 
Offsetting collection ............................ . Proposed change 
in subsidy cost .................. . 
Subtotal ..................................... . Advanced Technology 
Vehicles Manufacturing Loans program ............................................ . 
Departmental Administration .......................... . 
Mi see 11 aneous revenues ........................... . Net 
appropriation ............................ . 
Office of the Inspector General ...................... . 
Total, Energy programs ......................... . Atomic Energy 
Defense Activities 
National Nuclear Security Administration 
Weapons Activities ................................... . 
Rescission ............... , ... , ................... . Budget amendment 
rescission ...................... . 
Subtota 1 ....................................... . 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation ..................... . 
Rescission ....................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . Naval 
Reactors ....................................... . 
Federal Salaries and Expenses ........................ . 
Rescission ....................................... . 
Subtotal ....................................... . 
Total, National Nuclear Security Administration. 
Environmental and Other Defense Activities 
Defense Environmental Cleanup ........................ . Budget amendment ................................. . 
Subtotal .... , , ...................... , ........ . 
Defense Environmental cleanup (Legislative proposal) .. 
Other Defense Activities ............................. . 
Total, Environmental and Other Defense 
Activities ................................... . 
Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities ........ . FY 2016 
Enacted 
291,000 
42,000 
-25,000 
17,000 
6,000 
248,142 
-117' 171 -------------
130,971 
46,424 -------------
11 ,026,605 
8,846,948 
8,846,948 
1,940,302 1,940,302 
1,375,496 
383,666 
-19,900 
363,766 
12,526,512 
5,289,742 5,289,742 
776,425 6 
'066' 167 
18,592,679 FY 2017 
Request 
350,000 
22,930 
37,000 
-30,000 
1,020,000 ----------·--
1,027,000 
5,000 
270,037 
-103' 000 -----------·-
167,037 
44,424 
-------------
12,339,431 
9,285,147 
-42,000 
-8,400 
9,234,747 
1,821,916 
-14,000 
1,807,916 
1,420,120 
412,817 412,817 
12,875,600 
5,226,950 
8,400 
5,235,350 
155,100 
791,552 
6' 182' 002 
19,057,602 Bill 
150,000 
305,889 
37,000 
-30,000 
.. -..... -------.... 
7,000 
5,000 
233,971 
-103,000 
-------------
130' 971 
44,424 -------------
11,082,635 
9,285,147 
-42,000 
9,243,147 
1,821,916 
-14,000 
1,807,916 
1 '420' 120 
382,387 
382,387 
12,853,570 
5,226,950 
5,226,950 
776,425 
6,003,375 
18,856,945 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+150,000 
+14,889 
-5,000 -5,000 
___ ,. _________ 
-10,000 
-1 ,000 
-14,171 +14,171 
-------------
-2,000 
-------------
+56,030 
+438' 199 
-42,000 
+396, 199 
-118,386 
-14,000 
-132,386 
+44,624 
-1,279 
+19,900 
+18,621 +327,058 
-62,792 -62,792 
-62,792 
+264,266 Bill vs. 
Request 
+150,000 
-44,111 
-22,930 
-1,020,000 
-------------
-1,020,000 
-36,066 
-------------
-36,066 
-------------
-1,256,796 
+8,400 +8,400 
-30,430 -30,430 -22,030 
-8,400 -8,400 
-155,100 
-15,127 
-178,627 
-200,657 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3051 May 24, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.028 H24MYPT1
Insert graphic folio 836/3 here EH250516.003smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, FY 2017 (H.R. 5055) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Power Marketing Administrations /1 
Operation and maintenance, Southeastern Power 
Administration ..................................... . 
Offsetting co 11 ect ions ......................... . 
Subtotal ................................... . 
Operation and maintenance, Southwestern Power 
Administration ..................................... . 
Offsetting collections ......................... . 
Subtotal ................................... . 
Construction, Rehabilitation, Operation and Maintenance, Western Area 
Power Administration ..... . 
Offsetting collections ......................... . 
Subtotal ................................... . 
Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund .... . 
Offsetting collections ........................... . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Total, Power Marketing Administrations ..... . 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . Revenues 
applied ..................................... . General 
Provisions 
Title III Rescissions: 
Department of Energy: Energy 
Efficiency and Energy Reliability ......... . 
Science .......................................... . Weapons 
activities (050) ......................... . Defense 
Nuclear Nonproliferation (050) ........... . Naval 
Reactors (050) ............................. . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Total, title III, Department of Energy ......... . 
Appropriations ............................. . 
Rescissions ................................ . 
TITLE IV -INDEPENDENT AGENCIES 
Appalachian Regional Commission ...................... . Defense 
Nuclear Facilities Safety Board .............. . 
Delta Regional Authority ............................. . Denali Commission .................................... . 
Northern Border Regional Commission .................. . 
Southeast Crescent Regional Commission ............... . 
Nuclear Regulatory Commission: 
Salaries and expenses ............................ . Revenues ......................................... . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Office of Inspector General ...................... . Revenues ......................................... . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Total, Nuclear Regulatory Commission ......... . FY 2016 
Enacted 
6,900 
-6,900 
47,361 -35,961 
11,400 
307,714 
-214,342 -------------
93,372 
4,490 
-4,262 
228 
-------------
105,000 319,800 
-319,800 
-3,806 
-3,200 -7,006 
============= 
29,717,278 
(29,744,184) 
( -26 '906) 
============= 
146,000 
29' 150 25,000 
11 '000 
7,500 
250 990,000 
-872,864 -------------
117' 136 
12,136 
10,060 -------------
2,076 -------------
119,212 FY 2017 
Request 
1,000 1,000 
45,643 
-34,586 
11,057 
307' 144 
-211,563 -------------
95,581 
4,070 
-3,838 
232 -------------
106,870 346,800 
-346,800 
============= 
31,503,903 
(31,568,303) 
(-64,400) 
==========::==:; 
120,000 
31,000 
15,936 
15,000 
5,000 
970,163 
-851 '161 ---··--------
119,002 
12' 129 
-10,044 .......... ________ 
2,085 
-------------
121,087 Bill 
1,000 
-1,000 
45,643 
-34,586 
11,057 
307' 144 
-211,563 
-------------
95,581 
4,070 
-3,838 ---.. -------
232 
-------------
106,870 346,800 
-346,800 
-64,126 
-19,128 
-307 
-83,561 
============= 
29,962,889 
(30, 102,450) 
(-139,561) 
============= 
146,000 
31,000 
15,000 
11,000 
5,000 
250 
936' 121 
-786,853 -------------
149,268 
12' 129 
-10,044 -------------
2,085 -------------
151,353 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-5,900 
+5,900 
-1,718 
+1,375 -343 
-570 
+2,779 
-------------
+2,209 -420 
+424 
........ -.. ------
+4 
-------------
+1,870 +27,000 
-27,000 
+3,806 +3,200 
-64,126 -19,128 
-307 
-76,555 
============= 
+245,611 (+358,266) 
(-112,655) 
============= 
+1 ,850 
-10,000 
-2,500 
-53,879 
+86,011 --·----------
+32,132 
-7 
+16 -------------
+9 
-------------
+32,141 Bill vs. 
Request 
-------------
---.. ---............. 
-------------
-64,126 
-19,128 
-307 
-83,561 
============= 
-1,541,014 
(-1,465,853) 
( -75,161) 
+26,000 
-936 
-4,000 
+250 
-34,042 
+64,308 
+30,266 +30,266 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3052 May 24, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.028 H24MYPT1
Insert graphic folio 836/4 here EH250516.004smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, FY 2017 (H.R. 5055) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
~~clear Waste Technical Review Board ................. . FY 2016 
Enacted 
3,600 FY 2017 
Request 
3,600 Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
3,600 Bill vs. 
Request 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= Total, title IV, Independent agencies .......... . 
Appropriations ............................. . Grand 
total .............................. . 
Appropriations ......................... , 
Rescissions ............................ . 
1/ Totals adjusted to net out alternative financing 
costs, reimbursable agreement funding, and power 
purchase and wheeling expenditures. Offsetting 
collection totals only reflect funds collected 
for annual expenses, excluding power purchase 
wheeling 341,712 (341,712) 311,623 
(311 '623) 363,203 (363,203) +21,491 
(+21 '491) +51,580 (+51,580) 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
37,322,990 37,547,285 37,560,000 +237,010 +12,715 
(37,349,896) (37,611,685) (37,699,561) (+349,665) (+87,876) 
(-26,906) (-64,400) (-139,561) (-112,655) (-75,161) 
============= ============= ============= :::============ ============= 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3053 May 24, 2016 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Chairman S
IMPSON  for his bipartisan approach in pre-paring this bill. I also thank Chairman H
ALROGERS and Ranking Member N ITA L
OWEY for their efforts throughout. To our dedicated staff—Donna Shahbaz and Taunja Berquam, the Re-publican and Democratic clerks, as well as the rest of the committee staff: Matt Anderson, Angie Giancarlo, Lo-raine Heckenberg, and Perry Yates— their countless long hours, late nights, weekends, and thoughtful insight are so critical to helping America prepare this legislation. This bill funds transformative pro-grams that unlock America’s full eco-nomic potential, critical water re-source projects, navigation and port operability, and breakthrough science advancements that are necessary for America’s strategic and competitive posture. This bill undergirds our na-tional defense through superior weap-ons, naval reactor research, and non-proliferation activities—all priorities that unite rather than divide us. Chairman S
IMPSON worked hard to incorporate the interests of Members from both parties. As a result, the bill’s funding reflects priorities from both sides of the aisle. The chairman’s efforts resulted in a bill which, with re-spect to funding levels, is reasonable; although, the trade-offs are not ideal. The bill provides an increase of $259 million over the 2016 levels. It allows for stronger investments in the Army Corps of Engineers for critical projects in the Everglades and Great Lakes as well as additional funding to address flooding in areas like Houston. Nota-bly, for the people of northern Ohio, the bill meets the need to comply with State law prior to the open lake dis-posal of dredged materials. The bill also provides robust funding for many areas at the Department of Energy. It is sad, however, that the majority would jeopardize this good start by adding in ill-suited ideological or non- germane riders on the Clean Water Act, guns on Army Corps’ lands, National Ocean Policy, and the California drought. I should not have to remind our majority colleagues that similar provisions imperiled the passage of this bill in the past. In fiscal year 2016, nearly all of the Democratic Members of the House voted against this bill with far fewer poison pill riders. The administration is on record with veto threats over nearly identical language. As such, I cannot support this bill in its current form. Every year, this important bill sets the path for America’s energy future, and I am happy to note that, more than ever before, America’s course is set to-ward the true north of energy inde-pendence. In 2015, America produced 91 percent of the total energy consumed. This represents the 10th consecutive year of declining net energy imports. This translates into freedom. Significant strides toward America’s energy security should be applauded, but we must not lose our momentum by resting on our laurels. To finally free ourselves from our energy depend-ence, as well as to drastically cut dan-gerous carbon emissions, we must strongly support the Department of Energy’s efforts to embrace the future. I am disappointed by the $248 million cut, therefore, to the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, which is leading the charge into the new energy economy against stiff glob-al competition from Europe and Asia. The solar energy account, in par-ticular, yields serious benefits, with the solar industry projected to add 9.5 gigawatts of new energy this year— more than any other source. I am proud that my own district is active in this energy revolution, with First Solar, founded in Toledo, Ohio, the Na-tion’s current leading solar company. Wind energy is also expanding in northern Ohio, where the Great Lakes have the capacity to become the Saudi Arabia of wind, especially Lake Erie. Cleveland is poised to install the first national offshore wind turbines in a freshwater environment, and that is appropriate, given it was Cleveland where the first electric wind turbine was invented a century ago. I would like to reiterate my concerns over the controversial riders that threaten not only the ultimate enact-ment of this bill but also our most pre-cious resource—water. These provi-sions’ inclusion does a disservice in our work, particularly given the serious water challenges many parts of our country face. While I have concerns with the meas-ure before us, I would like to express my deep appreciation for the chair-man’s hard work with us on so many issues. The gentleman from Idaho has ensured that the Energy and Water De-velopment, and Related Agencies Sub-committee continues its tradition of bipartisanship, and he has been a gen-tleman throughout, as always. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b1730 Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OG-
ERS), the chairman of the full com-mittee that does a great job with this appropriations process. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam Chair, I rise today to support this leg-islation that invests $37.4 billion in bi-partisan priorities: our national secu-rity, critical infrastructure, and Amer-ican energy independence. In total, this is a $259 million increase above current levels for these programs. This increase is directed almost entirely to our nu-clear national security. With ever- changing threats that span the globe, it is imperative that our Nation stays at the very pinnacle of preparedness. This funding will help ensure that our stockpile is modern, secure, and ready to face any nuclear threat that may arise. Another priority in the bill is the in-frastructure that helps our economy prosper. This includes robust funding for the Army Corps of Engineers, a total of $6.1 billion, which is $100 mil-lion above last year’s levels, and $1.5 billion above the President’s request. This funding will go to activities that have a direct impact on public safety, that improve commerce and the move-ment of American products, and that support economic growth and job cre-ation. Lastly, Madam Chair, this bill ad-vances an all-of-the-above energy strategy that will help the Nation move ever closer to our goal of energy independence. By investing in fossil fuels, nuclear, and other energy sources, we can help keep consumer en-ergy prices affordable and make great-er use of our domestic resources. This includes congressional efforts to sup-port the Yucca Mountain nuclear re-pository for future use. In order to make these targeted in-vestments, the bill cuts back in other lower priority areas. Renewable energy programs, which have received signifi-cant investments in recent years, were cut by $248 million from current levels. The bill also prohibits tax dollars from being used for a harmful regu-latory agenda that hampers our econ-omy. This includes prohibiting funds for the Army Corps of Engineers to make any changes to Federal jurisdic-tion under the Clean Water Act, pro-tecting American farmers and ranchers and other job creators. The bill also protects coal and other mining oper-ations from onerous efforts to change the definition of ‘‘fill material’’ and ‘‘discharge of fill material.’’ In sum, this bill is an investment in the growth of our American economy, supporting functioning and safe water resources and continued strides toward energy independence. I thank and congratulate Sub-committee Chairman SIMPSON , Rank-ing Member K
APTUR , and the other members of the subcommittee for their hard work on bringing this bill for-ward. I feel completely safe and com-fortable in the work when Chairman S
IMPSON is doing the bossing. I also want to acknowledge the dedi-cated staff that helped bring this bill before the House today. I urge my colleagues to help promote a more secure and more prosperous fu-ture for our Nation and vote ‘‘aye’’ on the bill. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ). Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, before I begin, I would like to thank Chairman S
IMPSON , Ranking Member K APTUR , and Chairman R
OGERS for their work on the bill. The energy and water bill is the sec-ond bill we will consider on the floor this year. Over and over again, the ma-jority has promised a return to regular 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.077 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3054 May 24, 2016 
order. Well, without a budget resolu-tion and a full slate of 302(b) suballoca-tions, this promise has clearly not been kept. The fiscal year 2017 Energy and Water Development bill would allocate $37.4 billion in discretionary funding, $260 million above the fiscal year 2016 level and $168 million above the admin-istration’s request. While this alloca-tion is an improvement, the majority’s continued dysfunction jeopardizes Con-gress’ ability to meet the significant challenges we face, including many in the bill before us. For instance, the bill does not ade-quately invest in infrastructure devel-opment. The American Society of Civil Engineers estimates the United States must invest $3.6 trillion in our infra-structure to ensure public health and safety, and yet the Army Corps of En-gineers is funded at $6.089 billion, which is billions of dollars short of what we need to meet our infrastruc-ture needs. Additionally, this bill does not ade-quately fund programs to combat cli-mate change. To truly tackle the chal-lenges posed by climate change, the Federal Government must prioritize in-vestments in research. Yet the energy efficiency and renewable energy ac-count would be reduced to $1.825 bil-lion, a cut of $248 million, and $1.07 bil-lion below the President’s request. The Republican majority will continue to bury their heads in the sand and dis-miss the science and consequences of climate change instead of taking ac-tion to save our planet. However, the most concerning aspect of this bill is the inclusion of mis-guided and dangerous policy riders. An annual appropriations bill is not the place to amend or significantly change the Clean Water Act or restrict gun laws. These controversial riders, year after year, imperil the appropriations process. Yet this year’s energy and water bill would impede an effective and timely response to the continuing drought in California, permanently prohibit the Corps from changing the definition of ‘‘fill material,’’ which is an interest of mountaintop mining companies, per-manently prohibit the Army Corps of Engineers from clarifying the defini-tion of navigable waters, expand the area in which guns can be carried on Corps of Engineers lands, and prevent implementation of the national ocean policy. Neither Democrats in Congress nor President Obama will agree to poi-son pill riders that harm our environ-ment or public health. Unfortunately, this bill fails to ad-dress our Nation’s infrastructure needs, invest in job creation, and take appropriate action to combat climate change. Given inadequate funding levels and the presence of harmful riders, I urge my colleagues to oppose the bill. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Madam Chair, I rise today in strong support of this energy and water appropriations measure. The measure finally provides the critical funding to complete the Rahway River basin flood risk management feasi-bility study in New Jersey that will create a lasting solution to protect the communities of Cranford, Kenilworth, Maplewood, Millburn, Rahway, Spring-field, Union, and the surrounding areas from severe flooding. For years, these municipalities have pursued this project on its great mer-its, and I am proud to have been the champion of these municipalities on the Federal level. This is a critical role for Federal representatives effectively helping municipal, county, and State officials navigate the Federal Govern-ment and ensure efficient services to the areas they represent. These mu-nicipalities have experienced severe flooding from the Rahway River, and they deserve the completion of the study and the implementation of a plan that will protect life and property. I thank the Mayors’ Council and local leaders for continuing to advo-cate on behalf of their communities. I deeply thank Chairman SIMPSON and the Appropriations Committee for their thoughtful consideration of the study and their leadership during this process. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the measure. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. H
ONDA ), a very hardworking member of our subcommittee. Mr. HONDA. Madam Chairwoman, I thank Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K
APTUR for their hard work on this bill. It is an honor to serve with them on the subcommittee. This bill contains many positive things that I support, like funding for the Army Corps of Engineers’ construc-tion account and programs that pro-vide the Corps with critical oceans and weather data. It also includes strong funding for en-ergy storage technologies as well as provisions that support increasing ac-cess to solar and renewable energy and promote increasing energy efficiency through smart electronics. However, there are many cuts that are problematic, particularly those to the energy efficiency and renewable en-ergy programs. We have an opportunity now to lead the world in innovating the next generation of energy technologies, but we are hamstringing our ability to be competitive by underfunding crit-ical energy programs Furthermore, I oppose the prohibi-tion on the Department of Energy and Army Corps participating in marine and coastal planning efforts that are components of the National Ocean Pol-icy. This provision is misguided and re-duces our ability to protect our oceans, Great Lakes, and waterways that sup-port our Nation’s blue economy. Coordinated ocean planning that en-courages collaboration between stake-holders and Federal agencies will help improve the management of our ma-rine resources, and it is unwise to stop those conversations from happening. Finally, I would also oppose the rider which would prohibit the Army Corps from enforcing the ban on firearms at water resources development projects. This provision unnecessarily creates an unsafe environment at these sites. Corps rangers are not authorized to carry firearms, and this provision also strips away the discretion that the Secretary of the Army currently has to enforce or revise the policy on a case- by-case basis. Ultimately, appropriations bills are an exercise in setting spending prior-ities, and I disagree with many of the prioritizations that this bill makes. I hope we can work together as this bill moves forward to develop a bill that will invest in clean energy. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I just want to inquire how much time re-mains on this side before we move for-ward. The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio has 19 minutes remaining. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the distin-guished majority leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for the tireless work that he has done on these appro-priations. I want to take a moment to thank another Representative, Representa-tive D
AVID VALADAO . It is rare to find a person so tirelessly devoted to his constituents. Every time the House passes legislation to address the drought crisis in California, D
AVID V
ALADAO is at the center of it. Like Congressman V
ALADAO , I also represent the people of the Central Val-ley of California. For too long, our con-stituents have been suffering, so I am going to put this as simply as possible. We need water. California Republicans have tried for years—three Congresses now—to get a water bill signed into law to help the people of California. As the drought worsened and its reach grew, we tried last year to get legislation through the Senate that would help all the States in the West facing drought conditions. Unfortunately, Senate Democrats op-posed the legislation and blocked it. So we tried again. We added in provi-sions from my Republican colleagues and provisions supported by our Cali-fornia Senators, ideas both sides could support. We worked to make this bill as bipartisan as possible and focused on good policy. Again, our efforts were blocked. But my constituents can’t and won’t take no for an answer. Water is not a luxury. It is a necessity, and we need it now more than ever. And it is very clear how we can get more water. Now, earlier this year, bureaucrats allowed water from storms to flush out into the ocean instead of capturing it for our communities. Regulations and bad laws are keeping water from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.078 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3055 May 24, 2016 
people who need it. We need more pumping, and we need more storage capturing more runoff. b1745 Too many times our Senate Demo-cratic colleagues have ignored or blocked action to help the people of California. So today, the Senate can no longer ignore it. They need to come to the table and negotiate with us in con-ference. After all, this should not be con-troversial. We were elected to serve our constituents, and our constituents need water. My colleagues and I have come back again and again to find an agreement because, as El Nino passes and the drought continues, our homes, our farms, and our people won’t see relief until something is done. Now is the moment. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ), who is a very hard-working member of the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. Mr. FOSTER. Madam Chair, this ap-propriations bill would underfund the Office of Science by $272 million below the President’s request for the next fis-cal year. Investments in the DOE Of-fice of Science have long supported American innovation and discovery science. It is unwise and, in fact, impossible to ignore the value of our national labs. They have helped us answer fun-damental questions about how our uni-verse works, supported breakthroughs in medicine and developments in indus-try that drive our economy. The Office of Science is not only an important in-vestment in our future, it is a valuable investment in our economy. Our national labs and the major user facilities housed at those labs are some of the greatest tools ever created for researchers and industry. The direct economic benefit of Argonne and Fermilab in Illinois alone is estimated to be more than $1.3 billion annually. The indirect benefits of the tech-nologies that they deliver is larger. Those who seek to underfund and eliminate Federal programs often say that the private sector can do it better, but when it comes to fundamental sci-entific research, that is simply not the case. The Office of Science is responsible for building and maintaining research facilities which many private compa-nies rely on but are too big for any sin-gle business or university to develop. These user facilities, such as the ad-vanced photon source at Argonne Na-tional Laboratory, are a critical re-search tool to academics and industry alike. For example, AbbVie, recently won FDA approval for a new leukemia drug that was developed because of the groundbreaking crystallography re-search done at Argonne’s APS. As other world powers are growing and challenging our position as a glob-al leader in science and innovation, we cannot afford to let the number of American scientists and researchers or the quality of their research facilities diminish. Madam Chair, we must continue to invest in American innovation and fully fund the research and develop-ment conducted through the DOE Of-fice of Science. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Madam Chair, I want to thank the chairman, Mr. S
IMPSON , for yielding me this time. This legislation that is before us gives Congress a new opportunity to give California an ability in the water provisions that are contained within this law that will help relieve the dev-astating drought that has been impact-ing Californians both in the short term and in the long term. In the absence of getting a com-prehensive water bill passed into law— which I have not given up hope for, and my colleagues on both sides are still working on a bipartisan basis with Senator F
EINSTEIN —I hope my col-leagues, in the meantime, will join me in supporting the provisions in this bill that Congressman V
ALADAO has been able to provide that will, in fact, con-tain relief to the people of California whom we represent and who have been most impacted by this drought. Between December of last year and May of this year, hundreds of thou-sands of acre-feet went out to the bay, to the ocean, that could have been pro-vided for farms and farm communities in the valley, that would have helped farmworkers and farmers. Unfortu-nately, that water was lost. The Federal Government cannot allow this to happen again. Congress must pass this bill so that next year, if we do have the water during the rain and snowy seasons between November and April of next year, we will be able to capture that water desperately need-ed instead of allowing it to flow out to the ocean. Even under the flawed biological opinions, these amendments make sense. I commend my colleagues for in-serting them here. I want to thank the chairman for yielding me this time. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I rise for a couple reasons. One is to wish my noble brother well back home. The other is to yield to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ) to enter into a colloquy. Ms. KUSTER. Madam Chair, I thank Ranking Member K
APTUR . I rise today to speak about the im-portance of the funding of the Office of Public Participation within the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission, known fondly to us as the FERC, an of-fice that has never been active despite prior authorization. With the expansion of natural gas in-frastructure in the Northeast and across the country, it makes sense that we finally fund the Office of Public Participation to better incorporate the voices of average citizens in FERC pro-ceedings and provide robust outreach efforts to communities and individuals that are impacted by energy projects. Considering the broad authority that the FERC has over domestic energy markets and its control over the ap-proval of energy infrastructure projects, average citizens simply do not have a sufficient public interest pres-ence on the national level. With 27 States offering an existing consumer advocacy office, it is imperative that a similar national office be established within the FERC. Constituents in my home State of New Hampshire are all too familiar with feeling shut out of the FERC proc-ess. The recently withdrawn Northeast Energy Direct natural gas pipeline would have impacted 18 small towns across my district and into the neigh-boring district. Due in large part to the organizing efforts of citizens within these small towns, the NED pipeline’s application within FERC was withdrawn this week, but this reality provides only momen-tary comfort because we all know that the FERC is in serious need of repair. I understand that my Republican col-leagues have interest in working to bring the Office of Public Participation to fruition and in making additional structural changes to the FERC. I look forward to working closely with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to move this effort forward. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I would commit to working with the very able gentlewoman from New Hampshire to see what progress we could make on this very important issue. Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gen-tleman from Idaho. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I look forward to working with the gentle-woman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), the ranking member, and our colleagues on the Committee on Energy and Com-merce to see if we can find an appro-priate path forward on this issue. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. G
IBSON ). Mr. GIBSON. Madam Chair, let me express my gratitude to the chairman and the ranking member. I am here today to support the bill and to really urge my colleagues to continue to work together so that we can make progress on clean and renewable energy and energy efficiencies. I offer three points as to why. First of all, it is important to us to be an independent nation. After four combat tours in Iraq, I am very eager to see us become energy independent, and certainly that requires an all-of- the-above energy strategy, including the renewable energy sources: solar power, wind, hydro, geothermal, bio-mass. All of these in upstate New York 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.079 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3056 May 24, 2016 
are making a significant advance, and I want to see us continue to facilitate this. We are a country that can do hard things. We have shown that time and again. We put a man on the Moon. We stood up to the Communist challenge. We did so in part because of research, development, and prototyping. The in-vestments we made were so critical to that, and we not only won the cold war, but we also got the supercomputer, we got the Internet, and we ushered in the information age. I think if we make similar invest-ments—and we will have an amend-ment here shortly on ARPA-E. I appre-ciate what the chairman has done to support the program. I think this is very important. It would also offer jobs in my district and all throughout New York. This has been helpful to jobs. Finally, the environment, how im-portant it is. We want to be good stew-ards of our resources. To me, a conserv-ative, you are certainly protecting all resources, including natural resources. To me, if conservation isn’t conserv-ative, well, then, words have no mean-ing at all. So renewable energy sources and also the criticality of energy efficiencies, a kilowatt-hour saved is a kilowatt-hour produced. I know we have made progress. I appreciate the work of the committee. I urge us to continue that and double our efforts going forward. Finally, I will say that I appreciate what Ms. K
USTER mentioned just mo-ments ago. This is a bill I look forward to working on with her. I think it is a step in the right direction. Thank you for your great work, Mr. Chairman. Mr. HONDA. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, did the gentleman yield back his time? Mr. HONDA. Yes, I yielded back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let me just say that this is an impor-tant bill. It is an important bill for our economy, and it is an important bill for our defense. I did want to say that I appreciate the staff and the hard work that they have put into this legislation, trying to address the requests of many Members. We have had something like—I can’t remember the numbers—2300 different requests from Members for this piece of legislation, and we were able to ad-dress, in at least one form or another, about 95 percent of those requests. The staff works very hard to make this a bill that all Members can support. It has been a pleasure working with the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
AP-
TUR). She is from Ohio. I am from Idaho. We come from different States and have different perspectives and dif-ferent points of view and different in-terests many times, and it is fun to sit in our hearings because oftentimes she brings up issues that I would have never thought of as we have people be-fore us testifying, and I hope I do the same occasionally, too, and all our members do that. That is what really makes this process work. That is why getting back to regular order and debating bills and marking them up and going to conference, as the Speaker and leader and minority leader have tried to do here, is so im-portant. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. CARTER of Georgia). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. During consideration of the bill for amendment, each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. No pro forma amend-ment shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. The chair of the Committee of the Whole may accord priority in recogni-tion on the basis of whether the Mem-ber offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD designated for that purpose. Amendments so printed shall be considered read. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
H.R. 5055 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for en-ergy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS —CIVIL The following appropriations shall be ex-pended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage re-duction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. 
INVESTIGATIONS  For expenses necessary where authorized by law for the collection and study of basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of pro-posed river and harbor, flood and storm dam-age reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and related efforts prior to construction; for restudy of authorized projects; and for miscellaneous investigations, and, when authorized by law, surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of projects prior to construc-tion, $120,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may initiate up to, but not more than, six new study starts during fiscal year 2017: Provided further, That the new study starts will con-sist of five studies where the majority of the benefits are derived from navigation trans-portation savings or from flood and storm damage reduction and one study where the majority of benefits are derived from envi-ronmental restoration: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not deviate from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 50, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Mr. GOSAR (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arizona? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment that will help re-duce the large backlog of important Army Corps of Engineers’ projects. This amendment transfers $1 million from the Department of Energy’s de-partmental administration budget to the Army Corps of Engineers’ inves-tigations account to bring it up to fis-cal year 2016 enacted levels. The investigations account funds the planning and environmental studies re-quired under the law for important Corps projects prior to construction. b1800 There is a backlog of worthwhile Corps projects throughout the country that are essential to improving water infrastructure for communities, im-proving ecosystem restoration, pro-viding clean water, and expanding much-needed water storage. These projects are especially critical to the drought-stricken communities in the West, and many other parts of the Na-tion. The committee showed great insight in recognizing that the administra-tion’s request for the Corps’ investiga-tion budget was much too low, stating in the committee report: ‘‘Once again, the administration’s claims to under-stand the importance of infrastructure ring hollow when it comes to water re-source infrastructure investments. In fact, if enacted, the budget request would represent the lowest level of funding for the Civil Works program since fiscal year 2004.’’ At a time of historic drought and major water challenges, we shouldn’t be reducing investigation dollars that will allow worthwhile community projects to move forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.081 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3057 May 24, 2016 
The committee has provided signifi-cant safeguards in the report to ensure that the funds transferred by this amendment will go to planning for the most viable projects and ‘‘studies that will enhance the Nation’s economic de-velopment, job growth, and inter-national competitiveness; are for projects located in areas that have suf-fered recent natural disasters; or are for projects to address legal require-ments.’’ Support for this amendment is defini-tive action we can take to directly sup-port timely development of critical water infrastructure projects. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank the distinguished chair and ranking member for their work on this bill. Mr. Chairman, I ask for a positive vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. V
ALADAO ) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to without amendment a Joint Resolution of the House of the following title: 
H.J. Res. 88. Joint Resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . RODNEY DAVIS OF  
ILLINOIS  
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Illinois and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, America’s navigation infrastructure is crumbling. Most of the locks and dams on the Upper Mis-sissippi River and Illinois Waterway System were built in the 1920s and 1930s, and have far outlived their life expectancy. Unfortunately, we have not kept up with the maintenance and upgrades necessary to ensure that they can transport 21st century cargo that fuels and feeds the world. Sixty percent of the grain exported from the United States goes through these locks and dams before hitting the global marketplace. But delays at navigation locks continue to get worse, lasting as long as 12 hours at a given time. And while a 2003 study by the Il-linois Farm Bureau estimated these delays to cost midwestern farmers $500 an hour, one can only assume how much more these delays cost today. In the Water Resources Development Act of 2007, Congress authorized the construction of seven new 1,200-foot locks along the Upper Mississippi River and the Illinois Waterway System. This bill also authorized the Naviga-tion and Ecosystem Sustainability Program, or NESP, an important dual- purposed program that allows the Corps of Engineers to address both navigation and ecosystem restoration in an integrated approach. It is supported widely by industry as well as conservation groups. In addi-tion, the Governors of five States, from both political parties—Minnesota, Wis-consin, Illinois, Iowa, and Missouri— and more than 50 bipartisan Members of the House and Senate have expressed support advancing NESP. Unfortunately, the administration has taken few steps to implement NESP, and, once again, did not request any funding to continue pre-construc-tion engineering and design activities for authorized lock projects on the Upper Mississippi River and Illinois Waterway System. If these pre-con-struction efforts are delayed further, we risk further delays of these projects actually getting off the ground and moving forward at such time as the moneys for them are available. With this amendment, we tell the Corps that enough is enough. It is time to stop delaying the necessary work. We must ensure these construction projects are ready to go on day one. I also want to thank my colleague, DARIN LAHOOD, who was going to come speak on this amendment, but I don’t see him here. It started a little sooner, Mr. Chairman, than what we envi-sioned. But Mr. L
AHOOD, I know, would like to reiterate some of the comments I made. And he represents two of these locks that are included in this study. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIRMAN. The gen-tleman from Illinois has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I am going to try and stall until my colleague gets here. I do want to say this amendment, this project, has wide bipartisan sup-port. This is an opportunity for us to look at the global marketplace and the products that go up and down the Mis-sissippi River and the Illinois Water-way System. This is how we feed the world. We have some of the most fertile and expensive farmland in Illinois, Mis-souri, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota, and so many of these products that use these systems are the ones that are ex-porting into the global marketplace and also to Third World countries to feed those who need food the most. As a matter of fact, just a few weeks ago, my colleague, Mr. LAHOOD, and I toured some outdated facilities. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. I am happy to hear the gentleman’s deep interest in that cor-ridor of Illinois and Mississippi, and I would look forward to the gentleman’s assistance on trying to prevent the Asian carp from moving further north in those channels and into the entire Great Lakes system, destroying our natural fish population. So I just wanted to put that on the record, and I thank the gentleman so much for showing an interest in both the infrastructure and the environ-mental restoration in those corridors. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Re-claiming my time, I would like to thank the gentlewoman, too. This is an opportunity to address both of those issues. Obviously, representing part of the Mississippi River, like I do, we have seen the Asian carp problem firsthand. As a matter of fact, a plant opened in my district not too long ago to process Asian carp to be able to get fish oil and fishmeal that is used for pet food and other commodities. Unfortunately, they didn’t anticipate the smell. So you can’t really build a fish proc-essing plant around homes. And I think they figured that out. But we need in-genuous ideas and opportunities like that to be able to address that Asian carp problem, because it is an invasive species and we need to do everything we can in a bipartisan way to work to-gether to put a stop to it entering the Great Lakes or any other waterway. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I learned that, in the Peoria region, all the natural fish have disappeared now as a result of the invasion of the Asian carp there. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Re-claiming my time, I wouldn’t say all the natural fish, but I know that the Asian carp infestation has grown sub-stantially more than what was envi-sioned when they were brought in. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman’s time has expired. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.085 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3058 May 24, 2016 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
CONSTRUCTION  For expenses necessary for the construc-tion of river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed studies, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving participa-tion by States, local governments, or private groups) authorized or made eligible for selec-tion by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to con-struction); $1,945,580,000, to remain available until expended; of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of con-struction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities pro-gram shall be derived from the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104μ09303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover one-half of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabilitation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifically provided for in law: Provided, That the Sec-retary may initiate up to, but not more than, four new construction starts during fiscal year 2017: Provided further, That the new construction starts will consist of three projects where the majority of the benefits are derived from navigation transportation savings or from flood and storm damage re-duction and one project where the majority of the benefits are derived from environ-mental restoration: Provided further, That for new construction projects, project cost shar-ing agreements shall be executed as soon as practicable but no later than August 31, 2017: Provided further, That no allocation for a new start shall be considered final and no work allowance shall be made until the Secretary provides to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress an out-year funding scenario demonstrating the afford-ability of the selected new starts and the im-pacts on other projects: Provided further, That the Secretary may not deviate from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CLAWSON OF  
FLORIDA  
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 4, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $50,000,000)’’. Page 46, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $50,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I offer an amendment to the En-ergy and Water Development and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations bill. I especially have full appreciation and admiration and respect for the chair-man. I know he is going to go against me and this is going to get voted down, but as both a leader and the chairman, I have full admiration for what he does for our country, and he is an example to people like me, by the way. My amendment would move $50 mil-lion from the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve account into the Army Corps’ construction account, which finances our Nation’s water infrastructure projects. The Strategic Petroleum Reserve ac-count, currently funded at $257 million, has increased by millions of dollars in each omnibus. This funding is cur-rently $68 million higher than it was back in the 2014 omnibus. There is a management/cost question here because, at the same time the costs have been going up at a signifi-cant level, the amount of oil a barrel stored has stayed flat or gone down. The American taxpayer is paying more and more every year, in a low in-flation environment, mind you, for the same amount or less oil. I just think we ought to put the pressure on people to manage within their cost structure as opposed to asking the taxpayer to pay the increase. Moreover, I want the Army Corps’ construction account to increase by $50 million because in South Florida we are suffering a year of ecological and economic disaster. It is an El Nino year, and the rains have raised the lev-els of stagnant water in Lake Okee-chobee beyond the capacity of the Her-bert Hoover Dike. Consequently, unwanted fresh waters flow east and west down the St. Lucie and Caloosahatchee Rivers, polluting the Gulf of Mexico. Countless fish and wildlife pay a price with their lives, and our fishermen and tourism indus-try pay a major economic price as well, while the cost structure of the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve account goes up. As summer approaches, Lake Okee-chobee water levels are, again, rising dangerously and we are about to have another ecological disaster. It is on our doorstep, and it is not right. My people can hardly bear it. So I say let’s do the right thing and move $50 million more into the Army Corps’ construction account for projects that will help my district and other districts around the country with similar projects. To quote the conscience of our Con-gress, JOHN LEWIS, I think he would say: let’s make this place a little cleaner, let’s make our environment a little greener, and maybe our country a little kinder. Less money for SG&A costs, more money for fresh water and for our environment and for our econ-omy. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, first, let me say that I appreciate the gentle-man’s kind words, and I am sympa-thetic to my colleague’s interest in funding the construction account, in-cluding the flood and storm damage re-duction projects such as the Herbert Hoover Dike. Unfortunately, because we no longer do earmarks, as Congress used to do, moving $50 million into an account doesn’t guarantee that project would necessarily be done by the Army Corps of Engineers. It just increases the total amount in that account. In fact, the underlying bill increases the construc-tion funding by $856 million, or almost 80 percent above the budget request of the administration. b1815 For flood and storm damage reduc-tion activity specifically, the bill more than doubles the budget request. This includes a total of $392 million, for which the Herbert Hoover Dike could compete for additional funding. Since the dike is a DSC1 dam safety project, I am sure it will compete well for the work plan funds if it is able to use ad-ditional funding in fiscal year 2017. However, we must balance all the needs, and that means I cannot support a reduction in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve account. The Strategic Petro-leum Reserve stores petroleum to pro-tect the Nation from adverse economic impacts due to petroleum supply inter-ruptions. The funding in this bill is necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Reserve as well as to address the backlog of deferred maintenance at the Reserve. We must adequately fund these activities to maintain our energy security. For example, it does us no good to have this petroleum if we can’t access it in an emergency. For those reasons, even though I am sympathetic to what the gentleman is trying to do, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. As with the chairman of the subcommittee, I rise in reluctant opposition to this amendment. I like its intent, but not the means by which the able gentleman from Florida (Mr. CLAWSON ) gets to his bottom line. I think our major objection on this side is cutting the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. While I do support the Corps’ construction account—and, just for the R
ECORD , the account that we have pro-posed for construction is $855 million over the 2017 budget request and $83.3 million over what is being expended this time. But we have a $60 billion backlog, $60 billion for what we need to do in the Corps throughout this country. So we have a problem there; so, I would therefore oppose the amendment and recommend a ‘‘no’’ vote. But maybe, in working with the gen-tleman, we can find ways in future years to increase the overall account again. But I truly appreciate his lead-ership and his efforts on this important issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.089 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3059 May 24, 2016 
I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. SIMPSON. I appreciate the gen-tlewoman’s comments. Maybe at some point in time this Congress will get back to the point where Members of Congress can actually direct what ac-tivities are being done and individual projects in their districts because no-body knows their district better than the Members of Congress do. When we had earmarks in the past, admittedly, we went too far, did some frivolous things, all that kind of stuff, and I understand why we instituted an earmark ban. But sometimes we go too far in the other direction. That pen-dulum sometimes swings too far in the other direction. Members of Congress ought to have a say in what is done in their districts. At this time that is hard to do, but I appreciate what the gentleman is try-ing to do. Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gen-tleman from Florida. Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. With all humility, I appreciate the increase in the projects and understand that you all are doing a great job. You all have to understand that this is a disaster and everybody gets dis-aster funding in our country but my district and my State. So when there is a hurricane some-where else, the President says it is emergency funding and everybody gets their money. But when it is an El Nino year and all that dirty water comes down that river and my district gets wiped out by it, the President doesn’t do anything. We don’t do anything. It is about to happen again in Au-gust. You all have to understand, for my constituents, that lake is up high again and it is rainy season. We are going to say, no, my bill is not going to get heard on the floor of the House, and my district is going to be underwater with dirty water. There is going to be fish piled up on the beach, and we are going to be a Congress that hasn’t done anything about it. So I hear you all and understand and agree with it and appreciate it. But we have to have a bias for action, in my view. So I am just going for more. I hope you all forgive me for wanting a recorded vote, but you all have to un-derstand my folks are suffering right now. I hope Members understand that. This is a big deal to us. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. C
LAWSON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . RICE OF SOUTH  
CAROLINA  
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 4, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $2,241,850)’’. Page 50, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,241,850)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I would like to start by thanking Chairman S
IMPSON and Rank-ing Member K
APTUR for their hard work on this important legislation. My amendment transfers $2.2 million from the Department of Energy, De-partmental Administration account, to the Army Corps of Engineers’ construc-tion account. The intent of this amendment is for additional construction funds to be used for the Army Corps’ shore protec-tion mission. Shore protection projects are critical safeguards for life and property in coastal districts like mine, protecting millions of lives and billions of dollars of property. These projects protect against storm surge, erosion, and flooding, which are all too common. Not only are our beaches an important safety buffer, but they are also economic drivers. The State of South Carolina knows this well after suffering the dev-astating flood event associated with Hurricane Joaquin last October. As a result of this major disaster, the authorized Myrtle Beach shore protec-tion project suffered damages of ap-proximately 700,000 cubic yards of sand and $17 million. My amendment would protect projects across the country like the Myrtle Beach project. I want to thank the chairman for working with me in the wake of the disaster on pertinent flood and storm damage accounts in this year’s funding bill. I also want to thank the Army Corps for working with project sponsors for inclusion in this year’s work plan. Two of the reaches of the project fit Public Law 84–99 emergency criteria, resulting in a Corps recommendation of action. The Corps, while they rec-ommended action, did not have avail-able resources to address both reaches this year, imposing a safety and prop-erty vulnerability in our area. For that reason, I think it appro-priate to increase the Corps’ construc-tion account to allow significant projects like the one in north Myrtle Beach, which lost 241,850 cubic yards of sand in October, to compete for fund-ing. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. RICE). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For expenses necessary for flood damage reduction projects and related efforts in the Mississippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $345,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible oper-ation and maintenance costs for inland har-bors shall be derived from the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For expenses necessary for the operation, maintenance, and care of existing river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; providing secu-rity for infrastructure owned or operated by the Corps, including administrative build-ings and laboratories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straightening channels; and removing ob-structions to navigation, $3,157,000,000, to re-main available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as become available from the spe-cial account for the Corps of Engineers es-tablished by the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, re-search, interpretation, and maintenance ac-tivities related to resource protection in the areas at which outdoor recreation is avail-able; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104–303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material disposal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Pro- vided, That 1 percent of the total amount of funds provided for each of the programs, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field oper-ating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appropriate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall allocate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . GRAHAM  
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 6, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. Page 8, line 10, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced b y $3,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.092 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3060 May 24, 2016 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Apalachicola, Chattahoochee, and Flint River system is a critically important asset to the Southeastern United States’ ecology, economy, and heritage. Unfortunately, it has also become a point of intense political friction and lengthy, ongoing, and extremely costly litigation. I strongly believe that, if we could get away from the politics and the lawsuits, we would have a much better chance of resolving this issue in a way that brings us together rather than divides us. That is why I am optimistic about the recent work of the Apalachicola, Chattahoochee, and Flint Stake-holders, a diverse group of private citi-zens who live and work in the ACF Basin. They represent the whole spec-trum of stakeholders, public and pri-vate, from Florida, Georgia, and Ala-bama. They have been able to unite around the common mission of changing the management of the ACF Basin to cre-ate a healthier economy and environ-ment, which will benefit everyone, and they have made a number of rec-ommendations to the Corps of Engi-neers to meet their goal of a sustain-able ACF Basin. The ACF Stakeholder group has iden-tified significant gaps in fundamental, scientific, and technical knowledge needed to best manage this natural re-source. One of those recommendations is that the Corps conduct more basic scientific research on the entire river basin and bay. My amendment is intended to pro-vide a small amount of money to the Corps so that they can simply do more of that kind of research in the ACF. In short, there is a whole lot that we still don’t know about how water moves throughout the ACF Basin, and I believe it is simply common sense that, if we have better information about this unique natural resource, we, in turn, can manage it better for today and generations to come. Let’s follow the good example of the ACF Stakeholders and work together to get this done. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I will not oppose this amendment because it does not require the Corps to fund any-thing in particular. We have had other similar amend-ments already tonight, and I would just like to remind my colleagues that these amendments—simply increasing the funding level of a particular ac-count, they do not direct that funding to a particular activity. If they did fund specific projects, those would be congressional earmarks that are no longer allowed. As we talked about on the last amendment, frankly, that is something I would like to change myself, and I know that the ranking member would, also. But since this amendment only changes the overall account level, I will not oppose it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I just want to thank the chair and the rank-ing member for working with me on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. G
RAHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
REGULATORY PROGRAM  For expenses necessary for administration of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. 
FORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL ACTION  
PROGRAM  For expenses necessary to clean up con-tamination from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $103,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For expenses necessary to prepare for flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such dis-asters as authorized by law, $34,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the supervision and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the Corps of Engineers and the offices of the Di-vision Engineers; and for costs of manage-ment and operation of the Humphreys Engi-neer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allocable to the civil works program, $180,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation pro-vided in this title shall be available to fund the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works execu-tive direction and management activities of the division offices: Provided further, That any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the super-vision and general administration of emer-gency operations, repairs, and other activi-ties in response to any flood, hurricane, or other natural disaster. 
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE  
ARMY FOR CIVIL WORKS  For the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works as authorized by 10 U.S.C. 3016(b)(3), $4,750,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2018: Provided, That not more than 25 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until the As-sistant Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the additional funding provided under each heading in this title (as des-ignated under such heading in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accom-panying this Act) to specific programs, projects, or activities. GENERAL PROVISIONS—CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. (a) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; (4) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activ-ity by this Act; (5) increases funds for any program, project, or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (6) reduces funds for any program, project, or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less. (b) Subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to any project or activity authorized under section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948, section 14 of the Flood Control Act of 1946, section 208 of the Flood Control Act of 1954, section 107 of the River and Harbor Act of 1960, sec-tion 103 of the River and Harbor Act of 1962, section 111 of the River and Harbor Act of 1968, section 1135 of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1986, section 206 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996, or section 204 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1992. (c) The Corps of Engineers shall submit re-ports on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress detailing all the funds reprogrammed between programs, projects, activities, or categories of funding. The first quarterly re-port shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 102. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to section 101. S
EC. 103. The Secretary of the Army may transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and expend, up to $5,400,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers projects. S
EC. 104. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for an open lake placement alter-native for dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or tributaries thereto, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1341); Pro- vided further, That until an open lake place-ment alternative for dredged material is ap-proved under a State water quality certifi-cation, the Corps of Engineers shall continue upland placement of such dredged material consistent with the requirements of section 101 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211). S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for any acquisition that is not consistent with 48 CFR 225.7007. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.097 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3061 May 24, 2016 
SEC. 106. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any water supply reallocation study under the Wolf Creek Dam, Lake Cumberland, Ken-tucky, project authorized under the Act of July 24, 1946 (60 Stat. 636, ch. 595). S
EC. 107. The Secretary of the Army, act-ing through the Chief of Engineers, may ac-cept from the Trinity River Authority of Texas, if received by September 30, 2016, $31,233,401 as payment in full for amounts owed to the United States, including any ac-crued interest, for the approximately 61,747.1 acre-feet of water supply storage space in Joe Pool Lake, Texas (previously known as Lakeview Lake) for which payment has not commenced under Article 5.a. (relating to project investment costs) of contract number DACW63-76-C-0106 as of the date of enact-ment of this section. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act making appropria-tions for Energy and Water Development for any fiscal year may be used by the Corps of Engineers to develop, adopt, implement, ad-minister, or enforce any change to the regu-lations in effect on October 1, 2012, per-taining to the definitions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ for the purposes of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 
b1830 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 13, beginning on line 3, strike section 108. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is very simple: it strikes section 108 of this bill. Section 108 would prevent the Army Corps of Engi-neers from updating the definitions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material.’’ These definitions underlie section 404 of the Clean Water Act which governs dredge and fill permitting, one of the most important components of the act. To freeze those definition in time, as section 108 does, ties the hands of the implementing agencies, despite evolv-ing scientific understanding and cur-rent regulatory insights. Current and future administrations must have dis-cretion to implement key terms and clarify them when needed. The alternative puts our Nation’s waters at risk. My amendment would remove this anti-Clean Water Act rider. When Congress first enacted the Clean Water Act, the section 404 permit process was supposed to be used for cer-tain construction projects, like bridges and roads, where raising the bottom elevation of a water body or converting an area into dry land was unavoidable. But under a 2002 rule change, the def-inition of ‘‘fill material’’ was broad-ened to include ‘‘rock, sand, soil, clay, plastics, construction debris, wood chips, overburden from mining or other excavation activities.’’ The revised rule also removed regu-latory language which previously ex-cluded ‘‘waste’’ discharges from section 404 jurisdiction, a change that some argue allows the use of 404 permits to authorize certain discharges that harm the aquatic environment. The Clean Water Act section 404(b)(1) guidelines are not well suited for eval-uating the environmental effects of discharging hazardous wastes, such as mining refuse and similar materials, into a water body or wetland. In sum, the net effect of the 2002 rule change was to alter the Corps permit process in ways that Congress had never intended. It was not congressional intent to allow mining refuse and similar mate-rial—some of it hazardous—to qualify as fill material and, thereby, bypass a more thorough environmental review and meet Federal pollution standards. Downstream water users have every right to be concerned that the section 404 process fails to protect them from the discharge of hazardous substances. Lower Slate Lake in Alaska is the perfect example. A permit allows the discharge of toxic wastewater from a gold ore processing mill to go un-treated directly into the lake, despite the fact that the discharge violates EPA’s standards for the mining indus-try. Mining waste can contain toxic chemicals known to pose health risks to humans and aquatic animals. Con-tinuing the practice of dumping this waste into our Nation’s streams and rivers is dangerous and irresponsible. EPA estimates that 120 miles per year of headwater streams are buried with the chemical-laden discharge as a result of surface mining operations under existing divisions of ‘‘fill.’’ Equally important, a 2008 EPA study found evidence that mining activities can have severe impacts on down-stream aquatic life and the biological conditions of a stream. That same study found that 9 out of every 10 streams downstream from surface min-ing operations were impaired based on assessments of aquatic life. Mr. Chairman, this provision, section 108, is a preemptive strike against pro-tecting our drinking water. Since there is no time limit on this provision, it would not only block the current ad-ministration but any future adminis-tration from considering changes. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and strike section 108 from this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The language in the bill is intended simply to maintain the status quo regarding what is fill material for the purposes of the Clean Water Act. The existing definition was put in place through a rulemaking initiated by the Clinton administration and was finalized by the Bush administration. That rule aligned the definitions on the books of the Corps and the EPA so that both agencies were working with the same definition. Changing the definition again, as some have proposed, could effectively kill mining operations across much of this country. For that reason, I support the underlying language and would op-pose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I support the gentleman’s amendment to strike section 108, and I thank Congressman BEYER of Virginia for offering it. The provision the gentleman seeks to strike is one of three egregious attacks on the Clean Water Act, including locking in place a state of confusion about the scope of pollution control programs and sacrificing water quality for small streams and wetlands that contribute to the drinking water of one in three Americans. I urge my colleagues to support the Beyer amendment. Freshwater is a pre-cious resource, one which should be protected in the best scientific manner possible. I thank the gentleman from Virginia for doing something really important for the country through this amend-ment to clean up this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 109. Notwithstanding section 404(f)(2) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(2)), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the ac-tivities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act making appropria-tions for Energy and Water Development for any fiscal year may be used by the Corps of Engineers to develop, adopt, implement, ad-minister, or enforce any change to the regu-lations and guidance in effect on October 1, 2012, pertaining to the definition of waters under the jurisdiction of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.048 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3062 May 24, 2016 
including the provisions of the rules dated November 13, 1986, and August 25, 1993, relat-ing to such jurisdiction, and the guidance documents dated January 15, 2003, and De-cember 2, 2008, relating to such jurisdiction. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, Congress-woman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , Con-gressman M
ATT CARTWRIGHT , and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 13, beginning on line 20, strike sec-tion 110. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, much like the previous discussion, our amendment would simply strike sec-tion 110. As it stands, section 110 would pre-vent the implementation of the Clean Water Rule. The Environmental Pro-tection Agency and the Army Corps of Engineers adopted the Clean Water Rule following a lengthy and inclusive public rulemaking process. It restores the Clean Water Act pro-tections to streams, wetlands, and other important waters of the United States. Without the Clean Water Rule, the streams that provide drinking water systems serving one in three Ameri-cans will remain at risk. Almost everyone agreed that clarity was needed in light of the Supreme Court rulings in 2001 and 2006 that in-terpreted the regulatory scope of the Clean Water Act more narrowly than the agencies and lower courts. Those cases created uncertainty about the scope of waters protected under the Clean Water Act. Calls for EPA to issue a rule even came from such organizations as the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, the American Farm Bureau Federa-tion, the Western Business Roundtable, and the National Association of Manu-facturers. Prohibiting the EPA from imple-menting this rule, as section 110 would direct, would perpetrate this confusion. There are countless cases to reiterate this point. For example, the EPA acknowledged enforcement difficulties in a case in which storm water from construction sites carried oil, grease, and other pol-lutants into tributaries to the San Pedro River, which is an internation-ally recognized river ecosystem sup-porting diverse wildlife, but where the waters in question flow only for part of the year. The agency stated that it had to dis-continue all enforcement cases in this area because it was so time-consuming and costly to prove that the Clean Water Act protects these rivers. So we need to end the confusion. But, unfortunately, we are left with the Clean Water Rule not currently being enforced because of a Federal Court ruling that blocked its imple-mentation while it is being litigated. The Corps and the EPA will continue to make Clean Water Act jurisdictional determinations based on the 2010 guide-lines, as they did before the promulga-tion of the 2015 rule, doing the best they can with the ambiguity that they are forced to work with. So this confu-sion will continue. It needs to be said that opponents of the Clean Water Rule have it wrong. The rule respects agriculture and the law by maintaining all of the existing exemptions for agricultural discharges and waters. It identifies specific types of water bodies to which it does not apply—areas like artificial lakes and ponds, and many types of drainage and irrigation ditches. It does not extend Federal protection to any waters not historically protected under the Clean Water Act, and it is fully consistent with the law and the decisions of the Supreme Court. I want to reiterate. The administra-tion has created a strong, common-sense rule to make clean water a pri-ority by protecting the sources that feed the drinking water for more than 117 million Americans, including 2.3 million Virginians. If we continue to block the rule to protect clean water, at least 57 percent of Virginia’s streams and 20 million acres of wet-lands nationwide will continue to be at risk. American businesses need to know when the Federal Government has au-thority and when it doesn’t. Without updated guidance and the clarity it provides, businesses will often not know when they need Army Corps of Engineers’ permits. This uncertainty could result in civil and criminal li-ability and will certainly cost them extra money. Overall, the Clean Water Act riders are part of an effort to return us to a time when we had no uniform, na-tional, minimum clean water stand-ards, and States had conflicting poli-cies or no policies to protect the pub-lic. That was a time when rivers were so polluted they caught fire and when responsible downstream States suffered the consequences of lax or weak up-stream State policies. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose these Clean Water Act riders and to support my amendment to strike section 110. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this amendment. We have debated this issue for many years now. The fact is, the gentleman is right in one regard in that the Clean Water Act, in trying to define what waters of the United States by navigable waters, is hard. Navigable to what? Consequently, every organization that I know of supports a new rule that brings certainty and clarity to it. That is what the Supreme Court said on two different occasions: that the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Pro-tection Agency had gone too far, and that Federal jurisdiction over the Clean Water Act was not as broad as they had claimed, and that we needed certainty and clarity in this rule. So the EPA took that and said: okay, I know what will give certainty; we will just regulate everything. That is pretty much what they have done with this rule. Everybody who proposes this as a really good deal is under the assumption that the waters were not regulated before if they didn’t fall under the Clean Water Act. The re-ality is that the EPA didn’t regulate them, but the States regulated them, and the States did a darn good job of it in most cases. We do need some clarity. But as cases have said, as the Supreme Court has said, the EPA has gone too far. Decid-ing how water should be used is the re-sponsibility of State and local officials who are more familiar with the people and the local issues. Under the WOTUS rule, the Federal reach of jurisdiction would be so broad that it could significantly restrict landowners’ ability to make decisions about their property and a local gov-ernment’s right to plan for its own de-velopment. While there may be a desire for clarity on the issue of the Federal jurisdiction, providing clarity does not trump the need to stay within the lim-its of the law. Bringing certainty to this, you know, that is a nice thing to say. A hanging brings certainty, but I am not sure it is the result you want, which is what we have got here. The WOTUS rule would expand Fed-eral jurisdiction far beyond what was ever intended by the Clean Water Act. The provision in the Energy and Water Development bill does not weak-en the Clean Water Act; it stops the ad-ministration from expanding Federal jurisdiction. For that purpose, I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), the distinguished ranking member of the subcommittee. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for yielding and support his amendment strongly. It strikes a harmful provision that pre-vents the Corps from addressing defi-ciencies in regulatory uncertainties re-lated to Clean Water Act regulations. Without this amendment, the bill would contribute to delays, uncer-tainty, and increased costs both for the government, for companies, and indi-viduals who discharge into wetlands, streams, lakes, and other waters. It will increase delays in the imple-mentation of important public works projects and lead to protracted litiga-tion on the disparity between existing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.049 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3063 May 24, 2016 
Federal regulations and two Supreme Court decisions. The provision that this amendment strikes does not apply to just this year. It applies to any subsequent Energy and Water Development Act precluding potential changes that may be nec-essary to protect public health and the environment, and ensuring that uncer-tainty continues indefinitely. I believe the amendment allows the Corps the needed flexibility to deal with the confusion that has surrounded Clean Water Act jurisdiction in the wake of the two Supreme Court deci-sions, and we should be allowing the Corps to take actions that address the Supreme Court’s ruling, bringing clar-ity and certainty to the regulatory process, not prolonging the confusion. b1845 If this amendment is not passed, it could mean an estimated one-fifth of wetlands and 2 million miles of small streams will not be protected. I urge my colleagues to support the Beyer amendment. Freshwater is a pre-cious resource, one which should be protected in the best scientific manner possible. We owe it to future genera-tions. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, they are absolutely right. This would block the implementation of this rule in the future. That is what we are trying to do. We are saying this rule is no good, start again. It doesn’t mean that these streams would be in danger or any-thing else. We are saying to the Army Corps and to the EPA, go back and start again, because they were wrong in this rule and they far overreached their author-ity of the Clean Water Act. I think that is what a court is going to decide, and this probably won’t be necessary because a court is probably going to throw this out. The reality is we all want clean water. If this amendment is not adopt-ed and our language goes into effect, it doesn’t mean that these wetlands and these streams are going to be unregu-lated. They will be regulated, as they were before, by the State governments. We have a Federal system. We have Federal law. We have State laws. The State laws do some things. They have regulated water within their States for years and have done a pretty good job of it. Is the Clean Water Act necessary? You bet it is. You are right. The Cuya-hoga River hasn’t started a fire for a long time because of the cleanup that has been done, but that doesn’t mean that they need to regulate every little mud puddle and stream in the State of Idaho. I strongly oppose this amendment, as I have in years gone by. And I would say it again: This is telling the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers to start over again. Follow the intent of the Clean Water Act and the intent of Congress when it was passed. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 111. As of the date of enactment of this Act and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of the Army shall not promulgate or enforce any regulation that prohibits an individual from possessing a firearm, includ-ing an assembled or functional firearm, at a water resources development project covered under section 327.0 of title 36, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), if— (1) the individual is not otherwise prohib-ited by law from possessing the firearm; and (2) the possession of the firearm is in com-pliance with the law of the State in which the water resources development project is located. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DESAULNIER  
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, strike lines 7 through 19. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment sim-ply strikes a controversial provision that is irrelevant to the underlying bill. Section 111 of the bill explicitly pro-hibits the Secretary of the Army from preventing someone from bringing a loaded weapon onto Federal Army Corps property. This divisive gun pol-icy is nothing more than another at-tempt by the majority, unfortunately, to promote the interests of the gun lobby. It chips away at the safety and well-being of the Army Corps personnel and surrounding communities. Not only is this gun rider widely con-sidered bad policy, the Energy and Water Appropriations bill is an inap-propriate mechanism for debating the pros and cons of gun possession on Fed-eral lands, and is inconsistent with the majority’s promotion of regular order. Last week, the House debated the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, which is certainly a more appropriate legislative vehicle for a discussion about guns. I offered an amendment to that bill to improve smart gun tech-nology, and the majority didn’t even allow it to be debated on the floor. In fact, not a single gun bill has been con-sidered by the House in the 114th Con-gress. If the majority is eager to debate the merits of carrying loaded weapons on Federal properties, I am certain that many of us on this side of the aisle would be more than willing to participate in that debate. By virtue of attaching this policy rider to an appropriations bill, and by virtue of the majority dismissing re-quests to debate gun research and smart gun technology, it seems that the majority would rather force a con-tentious issue through Congress with no debate at all. This approach is at odds with the purpose for which we are all here: to debate issues important to our constituents and this country and, by virtue of that debate, advance poli-cies to improve our country. Mr. Chairman, this policy rider is misplaced and misguided. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, it is hard to understand that we are doing this without any debate when the gen-tleman is, in fact, debating. That is what we are doing. That is what we did in committee. That is what we did in subcommittee. That is how this process works. I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The current regulation prohibits citizens from exercising their Second Amendment rights guaranteed in the Constitution on Corps land. Many peo-ple don’t realize it, but the Army Corps of Engineers is the largest Federal pro-vider of outdoor recreation in the coun-try. The language in this bill would sim-ply align Corps policy with the policy for national parks and national wildlife refuges established by Congress in 2009. We heard the same debate when we said, no, people ought to be able to ex-ercise their Second Amendment rights in national parks. They shouldn’t have to disassemble their guns, put them in their trunk, and everything else when they go through national parks. We in-stituted that policy, and today you can exercise your Second Amendment rights in national parks. It hasn’t been a problem. The same thing with na-tional wildlife refuges. Therefore, I oppose this amendment. Let’s make sure that every American has the right to exercise their Second Amendment rights guaranteed in the Constitution. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, while I respect that perspective, I ap-preciate the gentleman from Idaho’s perspective, and hope that we can work together in the future to make sure that public safety is protected on Army Corps of Engineers property. Mr. Chairman, it is clear today that this is not a day for a breakthrough on gun debate, in my view. I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida. There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.104 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3064 May 24, 2016 
TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR C
ENTRAL UTAHPROJECT  
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  For carrying out activities authorized by the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $11,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $1,300,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $1,350,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for ex-penses necessary in carrying out related re-sponsibilities of the Secretary of the Inte-rior: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2017, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION  The following appropriations shall be ex-pended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: 
WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For management, development, and res-toration of water and related natural re-sources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilita-tion of reclamation and other facilities, par-ticipation in fulfilling related Federal re-sponsibilities to Native Americans, and re-lated grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local govern-ments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $982,972,000, to remain available until expended, of which $22,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,551,000 shall be available for transfer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided, That such transfers may be in-creased or decreased within the overall ap-propriation under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That of the total appropriated, the amount for program activities that can be fi-nanced by the Reclamation Fund or the Bu-reau of Reclamation special fee account es-tablished by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further, That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Pro- vided further, That funds advanced under 43 U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same purposes as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for high-priority projects which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706. 
CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT RESTORATION FUND  For carrying out the programs, projects, plans, habitat restoration, improvement, and acquisition provisions of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, $55,606,000, to be derived from such sums as may be collected in the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund pursuant to sections 3407(d), 3404(c)(3), and 3405(f) of Public Law 102–575, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Bureau of Reclamation is directed to assess and collect the full amount of the additional mitigation and restoration payments author-ized by section 3407(d) of Public Law 102–575: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leasing of water for in- stream purposes if the water is already com-mitted to in-stream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. CALIFORNIA BAY -DELTA RESTORATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For carrying out activities authorized by the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environ-mental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $36,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Federal agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided further, That CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear per-formance measures demonstrating concur-rent progress in achieving the goals and ob-jectives of the Program. 
POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for policy, adminis-tration, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and of-fices in the five regions of the Bureau of Rec-lamation, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, $59,000,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimburs-able as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administra-tion expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclama-tion shall be available for purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles, which are for replacement only. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR S
EC. 201. (a) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; (4) restarts or resumes any program, project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress; (5) transfers funds in excess of the fol-lowing limits— (A) 15 percent for any program, project or activity for which $2,000,000 or more is avail-able at the beginning of the fiscal year; or (B) $300,000 for any program, project or ac-tivity for which less than $2,000,000 is avail-able at the beginning of the fiscal year; (6) transfers more than $500,000 from either the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category or the Resources Management and Development category to any program, project, or activity in the other category; or (7) transfers, where necessary to discharge legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclama-tion, more than $5,000,000 to provide ade-quate funds for settled contractor claims, in-creased contractor earnings due to acceler-ated rates of operations, and real estate defi-ciency judgments. (b) Subsection (a)(5) shall not apply to any transfer of funds within the Facilities Oper-ation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation cat-egory. (c) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘transfer’’ means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. (d) The Bureau of Reclamation shall sub-mit reports on a quarterly basis to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress detailing all the funds repro-grammed between programs, projects, activi-ties, or categories of funding. The first quar-terly report shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 202. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of dis-charge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Sec-retary of the Interior and the State of Cali-fornia of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of Cali-fornia as approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. (b) The costs of the Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and the costs of the San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program shall be classified by the Secretary of the Interior as reimbursable or nonreimbursable and col-lected until fully repaid pursuant to the ‘‘Cleanup Program—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ and the ‘‘SJVDP—Alternative Repay-ment Plan’’ described in the report entitled ‘‘Repayment Report, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, February 1995’’, prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future obligations of funds by the United States relating to, or pro-viding for, drainage service or drainage stud-ies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reim-bursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal reclamation law. S
EC. 203. Section 205(2) of division D of Public Law 114–113 is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SCIENTIFICALLY SUPPORTED IMPLEMENTATION  
OF OMR FLOW REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 204. (a) To maximize water supplies for the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project, in implementing the provi-sions of the smelt biological opinion or salmonid biological opinion, or any suc-cessor biological opinions or court orders, pertaining to management of reverse flow in the Old and Middle Rivers, the Secretary of the Interior shall— (1) consider the relevant provisions of the applicable biological opinions or any suc-cessor biological opinions; (2) manage export pumping rates to achieve a reverse OMR flow rate of -5,000 cubic feet per second unless existing infor-mation or that developed by the Secretary of the Interior under paragraphs (3) and (4) leads the Secretary to reasonably conclude, using the best scientific and commercial data available, that a less negative OMR flow rate is necessary to avoid a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of the species covered by the smelt biological opinion or salmonid biological opinion. If the best scientific and commercial data avail-able to the Secretary indicates that a re-verse OMR flow rate more negative than -5,000 cubic feet per second can be established without an imminent negative impact on the long-term survival of the species covered by the smelt biological opinion or salmonid bio-logical opinion, the Secretary shall manage export pumping rates to achieve that more negative OMR flow rate; (3) document, in writing, any significant facts about real-time conditions relevant to the determinations of OMR reverse flow rates, including— (A) whether targeted real-time fish moni-toring pursuant to this section, including monitoring in the vicinity of Station 902, in-dicates that a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of species covered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.053 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3065 May 24, 2016 
the smelt biological opinion or salmonid bio-logical opinion is imminent; and (B) whether near-term forecasts with avail-able models show under prevailing condi-tions that OMR flow of -5,000 cubic feet per second or higher will cause a significant neg-ative impact on the long-term survival of species covered by the smelt biological opin-ion or salmonid biological opinion; (4) show, in writing, that any determina-tion to manage OMR reverse flow at rates less negative than -5,000 cubic feet per second is necessary to avoid a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of species covered by the smelt biological opinion or salmonid biological opinion, and provide, in writing, an explanation of the data examined and the connection between those data and the choice made, after considering— (A) the distribution of Delta smelt throughout the Delta; (B) the potential effects of documented, quantified entrainment on subsequent Delta smelt abundance; (C) the water temperature; (D) other significant factors relevant to the determination; and (E) whether any alternative measures could have a substantially lesser water sup-ply impact; and (5) for any subsequent smelt biological opinion or salmonid biological opinion, make the showing required in paragraph (4) for any determination to manage OMR reverse flow at rates less negative than the most negative limit in the biological opinion if the most negative limit in the biological opinion is more negative than -5,000 cubic feet per sec-ond. (b) N
OREINITIATION OF CONSULTATION .—In implementing or at the conclusion of actions under subsection (a), the Secretary of the In-terior or the Secretary of Commerce shall not reinitiate consultation on those adjusted operations unless there is a significant nega-tive impact on the long-term survival of the species covered by the smelt biological opin-ion or salmonid biological opinion. Any ac-tion taken under subsection (a) that does not create a significant negative impact on the long-term survival to species covered by the smelt biological opinion or salmonid biologi-cal opinion will not alter application of the take permitted by the incidental take state-ment in the biological opinion under section 7(o)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973. (c) C
ALCULATION OF REVERSE FLOW IN  O
MR.—Within 90 days of the enactment of this title, the Secretary of the Interior is di-rected, in consultation with the California Department of Water Resources to revise the method used to calculate reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers, for implementation of the reasonable and prudent alternatives in the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid bi-ological opinion, and any succeeding biologi-cal opinions, for the purpose of increasing Central Valley Project and State Water Project water supplies. The method of calcu-lating reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers shall be reevaluated not less than every five years thereafter to achieve maximum export pumping rates within limits established by the smelt biological opinion, the salmonid biological opinion, and any succeeding bio-logical opinions. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk that amends a portion of the bill not yet read for amendment. I ask unanimous consent to offer it at this point in the reading. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Strike page 22, line 1, through page 42, line 16. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I am submitting an amendment with Representatives Lieu and Garamendi to strike provisions in the underlying legislation that are taken from H.R. 2898. This important appropriations bill contains policy provisions that would further drain freshwater from the Cali-fornia delta with overpumping. These provisions would damage the delta’s ecosystem and would cause serious eco-nomic harm to the communities we serve. These provisions would undermine 40 years of progress in developing a true stewardship over the land and re-sources. Since these laws, which have helped make this progress possible, there have been countless attempts to scale back or undo them. The provisions in the bill will weaken the Endangered Species Act and set a precedent of putting aside environ-mental protections. It misstates Cali-fornia water law and perpetuates a water war in the West at a time when we are working to bridge those divides. Families, farmers, and small busi-nesses north and south of the Cali-fornia delta need water. This is a State issue, not a regional one. Meanwhile, the results for farmers, families, businesses in the delta, as well as fishermen will be devastating. Fish will vanish and saltwater will in-trude, permanently damaging some of the most productive farmland in the world. Mr. Chairman, California water use seems to rely on an endless supply of freshwater. Unfortunately, there is only a finite amount of freshwater. Historically, in limited water condi-tions, water has been taken from one region to supply another region. The Owens Valley and the Colorado River are perfect examples of what happens— one region benefits and another region suffers. That is exactly what is going to happen here. The delta region will suffer. Is that what we really want? Mr. Chairman, California and Federal officials have been able to increase ex-ports from the California delta. This action has helped maximize use of what little water exists in the State. A lack of water is our biggest threat, not oper-ational flexibility. It is completely inappropriate for a policy of this magnitude to be included in an annual must-pass appropriations bill. We should not be using an appro-priations bill to ram through mis-guided policies that reward a few pow-erful stakeholders at the expense of others. This bill should not be included in this year’s Energy and Water Appro-priations bill. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, one of the most interesting things we always hear is water is a finite resource and we shouldn’t waste it. It always blows my mind because this simple graph right here is a very strong example of what happened from one year to the next. Right here is what came into the delta in 2015, and right here is what happened in 2016— the amount of water that came in and the amount of water that was exported to the south of the delta—and this is the amount of water going through the delta this year. So the amount of water that went through the delta and out into the ocean and completely wasted, right here in this graph, and this is how much we are able to capture. That is a huge difference and a huge waste of water. Communities in my district have been suffering because of a lack of action in this House. This is not a State issue. This is policy that was implemented years ago; and as we watch and see the delta continue to go and continue to decline and the species continue to disappear, doing this has actually not helped the species, has done nothing. There is language in this bill that ac-tually helps protect the species, the predator species. We have the ability in this bill to start a program that could actually help eliminate the striped bass. We have seen studies. As much as 60 to 90 percent of delta smelt are con-sumed by striped bass. Why don’t we allow that language to move forward? There was a motion today to strike some of that language, as well, in another bill as there is in this one. This is a problem. As communities continue to struggle, this is what we end up with. I think this is the most important picture. This is in my dis-trict. This is not in a Third World country. This is in the United States of America. This is right here in Cali-fornia, and this is something that is happening in these communities be-cause of this water being wasted. b1900 We are putting people out of work, and we now see shanty towns. These shanty towns are not just regular folks—these are families. You see a stroller here, and you see some chil-dren’s toys. Is this what we want to support? Anybody who supports this amend-ment is supporting this in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.053 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3066 May 24, 2016 
States of America, and I can’t imagine why we would want to do that. Again, this is commonsense language that helps to address the problem that we have. We try to bring some common sense to the protection of the delta, and we look at it from all different an-gles. If Members want to continue this debate elsewhere, I am happy to do it. We have passed legislation. It sits in the Senate. The Senate hasn’t acted. We are going to keep pushing and look-ing for a way to bring this to the fore-front so we can offer a solution. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, welcome to California water wars, Members of Congress. Here we are again, back to our water war. We need to solve the problem of the delta, but you don’t do it by gutting the environmental protections of the delta. Have no doubt about it. This is another water war in California that we do not need. What we need is some wise legisla-tion that actually can solve the prob-lem. Gutting the Endangered Species Act, overriding the biological opinions, taking away the Clean Water Act, and simply turning the pumps on is not a solution. It is, in fact, the death knell of the delta. Along with Governor Brown’s twin tunnels, it will destroy the delta. So let’s not go that way. Let’s find the right solution in which science—that is the realtime moni-toring of what is happening in the delta—is how we determine whether to ramp up or to reduce the pumping in the delta. That is not in this bill. Take a look at the opponents here. We have the two delta interests, Mr. M
CNERNEY and I. We have the San Joa-quin Valley interests. Gentlemen and ladies, welcome to California water wars. This is not the way to handle it— not in an appropriation, not in a bill that guts the environmental protec-tions and simply turns the pumps on. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 30 seconds remain-ing. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chair, we hear about water being wasted in its going out to the ocean, but that water is pushing saltwater away from our farms and the delta. It is allowing salmon fish to go out to the ocean. It is pro-viding jobs all up and down the coast. I don’t really accept the word ‘‘waste.’’ I implore my colleagues from south-ern California: let’s work together. There are solutions out there. We can recycle; we can store rainwater; we can become more efficient and find wastage and stop evaporations. There are plen-ty of things we can do to produce new water. These provisions in this bill produce no new water. It just serves one portion of the State to benefit an-other. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 21⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gen-tleman. Mr. Chair, water wars. I have been at this for a while, too, as my friend from northern California has. People are suf-fering right now for no good reason. According to independent studies, under the existing biological opinions, over a million acre feet of water have been wasted because of non-pumping. What I mean by ‘‘wasted’’ is not one fish—not one smelt, not one salmon— would have been lost in the delta be-cause of pumping; but because of over-cautiousness on the part of the Depart-ment of the Interior and the Depart-ment of Fish and Wildlife, we have let that water go. Tell that to the people who live in that shanty town. Tell that to the people who actually import produce from China to live on. I know that people like to paint us as the party that doesn’t care about the Hispanic community. Tell that to the hundreds of thousands of people who have been put out of work in the Cen-tral Valley. This is wrong. I congratulate Mr. V
ALADAO for the hard work and the passion that he has put into this because he cares about the people he represents, and we should care about them, too. There is no good reason why we have let this happen. We have allowed this to happen for a number of reasons, most of which don’t make any sense to most people who understand this stuff. We have a chance, I think, to fix this and to pass Mr. V
ALADAO ’s legislation. Let’s move on. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. I thank the gentle-woman from Ohio. Mr. Chair, I just want to follow up on a few things. We talked about water that goes out to the ocean as being wasted. Again, the delta is becoming more salty every year. We have been exporting 70 per-cent of the freshwater that comes to the delta. The saltwater has been in-truding. We need the freshwater to push out that saltwater for the fisher-men who live up and down the coast. I feel for the farmers who are in the south part of the valley—it is dev-astating; it is horrible—but we also see the same thing happening with fisher-men on the north coast. Basically, we are doing the same thing that has been done historically. At Owens Valley, we are going to take water from one part of the State, and we are going to give it to another. We are going to benefit one part, and we are going to hurt another. That is not the way to do business. We can find comprehensive solutions that include infrastructure invest-ments, recycling, WaterSMART projects. There are ways to create new water. We don’t have to keep grabbing water from one another to grow fruits and vegetables or to have fishermen survive on the north coast. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, all of us can get pretty excited about water in California, and I see my colleagues from the San Joaquin Valley and be-yond who are lined up here to protest what has happened over this last year. There is no doubt that in this last year the rainy season didn’t work for anybody. We can find a solution if we base that solution on solid science, if we base it on the realtime monitoring of where the fish are. I know there is a monitoring provision in this bill. Also, this particular bill, as written, would push aside the environmental protec-tions and simply allow the pumps to be turned on even with the monitoring. What we really need to do is to base the delta operation on the realtime monitoring of where the species are and then adjust the pumps accordingly. There is a solution. My colleague, Mr. M
CNERNEY , just talked in detail about the necessity of building addi-tional infrastructure for water. We need Sites Reservoir in the northern part of the State. We need to rebuild the San Luis Reservoir, and the Los Banos Grandes needs to be built. We need to build the infrastructure, the re-cycling, and all of the other things. We do not need to take, as this bill does, the Endangered Species Act, the Clean Water Act, and the biological opinions and push them out of the way and just allow the pumps to turn on. That is not a solution. That is a solu-tion for the destruction of the largest estuary on the west coast of the West-ern Hemisphere. I don’t doubt for a moment the sin-cerity of my colleagues from the San Joaquin Valley and from southern Cali-fornia. They are sincere about the con-cern, and we share that concern. 300,000 acres of my rice farm didn’t get plant-ed this last year because of the drought. We also know the damage that a drought can do, but there is a way of solving this problem. This is not the bill. This bill will set off a war. Ob-viously, we are already at it here on the floor of the House. Let’s put this aside. Let’s sit down, as we can do, and develop a solution that keeps in place the environmental laws and allows the flexibility that is present within those laws to be used to the maximum extent and not push the laws and the biological opinions out of the way to the detriment of the largest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.112 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3067 May 24, 2016 
estuary on the west coast of the West-ern Hemisphere. It is critical for salm-on and other species in the ocean as well as for the agriculture in the delta and the 4 million or 5 million people who depend upon that water from the delta. I ask my colleagues to work with all of us, and I will take the chair of the subcommittee up on his offer. I will take the gentleman up on his offer and sit down with him, and we will work this out, but not in this way, at this moment on this floor, with a bill that really does gut the environmental laws and that guts the environmental spe-cies as well as the Clean Water Act. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
EED). The gentlewoman from Ohio has 1 minute remaining. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ), who has fought so very hard on this issue. Mr. M
CNERNEY. I thank the gentle-woman. Mr. Chair, I am basically appealing to my colleagues. There are solutions out there. We can find a whole State solution to which all stakeholders have input. Right now that is not what this is. This is pitting one region against the other, and it is going to perpetuate what has been called the California water war. We didn’t need to go there. There are solutions. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I am always amazed by the debates on this floor, and I think they are healthy. I like to listen to what people say and what people de-sire. Let me explain what I have heard as a desire to deal with the water crisis in California. People request that whatever we do, do not change the Endangered Species Act. Could we work together on both sides? Could we make sure we stay within the biological opinion? For some of those people who are watching at home, they may not have watched the last three terms of this Congress. This drought is not new. But what is interesting is, if you just go back in this decade of the snowpack in California—let’s go back 5 years—we had 160 percent of snowpack, which was an amazing year for California. But do you know what was allocated from the State Water Project for water? Eighty percent out of 160 percent. The next year, we had only 55 percent. In 2015, we only had 8 percent of snowpack. This year was an El Nino, so we got up to 87 percent. Yet, if you look at the numbers, we have only pumped about the same amount of water as we did when we had 8 percent. My parents would always read me bedtime stories. The one I loved the most was one in which they talked about a grasshopper and an ant. It was interesting how one of them would save for that rainy day. In this case, it would be putting the water away. It would be saving for that next year be-cause, as we go through these years, our snowpack is always not the same. If we are not pumping the water down, where is it going? It is going to the ocean. For the last three terms, we have tried to solve the water crisis, and, every time, we have heard these same arguments; so every term we did some-thing different. A term ago, we got to-gether with Republicans and Demo-crats, and we worked with our Senate leaders on the other side; but when it got time to make a final decision, I was told: no, no, we couldn’t do this be-cause it didn’t go through committee, and there weren’t enough people in the room. So we said: All right. Well, we will go back to the drawing board. This time we went through and we put Republicans and Democrats in the room. Do you know what is interesting? It just so happens Republicans are in the majority and Democrats are in the minority, but not in that room. There were more Democrats than there were Republicans, and we stayed months in there talking. We came to a lot of agreements. Maybe some people who were in the room won’t say that on the outside, but on the inside, they agreed to a lot of the pieces of the legislation. I will tell you that those pieces that we agreed to are in this bill. Do you know why? Because we listened. We don’t change the Endangered Species Act. We don’t go beyond the biological opinion. Are you concerned about fish? We say in this piece of legislation to pump higher unless there is a concern in the harming of the fish. You don’t have to come back to Congress to change the level of pumping. So those solutions I hear on the floor are in the bill. I think it is about time that we stop making false accusations and ac-tually stand for what we need. b1915 Do you know what in these rooms I heard a lot about? Desalinization. And I said I will help with that. Because the whole concept of desalinization is we will spend a lot of money with a lot of energy to take that ocean water and take the salt out of it and make it freshwater. Don’t you think it would kind of be smart of us first to make sure that our freshwater is not becoming saltwater first? That is all we are asking here. We are saying let’s live within the bio-logical opinion. We are protecting the Endangered Species Act, but we are doing some-thing different in California. We are planning for the future. We are plan-ning for those years that you won’t have the big snowpack. We are plan-ning for the years that California con-tinues to grow. We are also planning for those people who work in the fields. We are planning for the people who want to build the homes. Central Valley may be a little dif-ferent than everyplace else, but those jobs are just as important as any job anywhere else in California. So, yes, we have sat in the rooms. Yes, there were more on the minority side than on the majority. Yes, we listened to you and we took what we heard and put it into a bill. Because the other thing I heard when we couldn’t do this is that it had to be regular order. That is why it could not be in the omnibus bill even though that was an idea from my Senate colleague in the other house. So you know what? This is regular order on the floor of the House with the ideas that we heard, and it is in the bill. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. MCNER-
NEY). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
TEMPORARY OPERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY FOR  
FIRST FEW STORMS OF THE WATER YEAR  S
EC. 205. (a) I NGENERAL .—Consistent with avoiding an immediate significant negative impact on the long-term survival upon listed fish species over and above the range of im-pacts authorized under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 and other environmental pro-tections under subsection (d), the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Com-merce shall authorize the Central Valley Project and the California State Water Project, combined, to operate at levels that result in negative OMR flows at -7,500 cubic feet per second (based on United States Geo-logical Survey gauges on Old and Middle Rivers) daily average as described in sub-sections (b) and (c) to capture peak flows during storm events. (b) D
AYS OF TEMPORARY OPERATIONAL  F
LEXIBILITY .—The temporary operational flexibility described in subsection (a) shall be authorized on days that the California De-partment of Water Resources determines the net Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta outflow index is at, or above, 13,000 cubic feet per second. (c) C
OMPLIANCE WITHENDANGERED SPECIES  A
CTAUTHORIZATIONS .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce may continue to im-pose any requirements under the smelt bio-logical opinion and salmonid biological opin-ion during any period of temporary oper-ational flexibility as they determine are rea-sonably necessary to avoid additional sig-nificant negative impacts on the long-term survival of a listed fish species over and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.113 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3068 May 24, 2016 
above the range of impacts authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, provided that the requirements imposed do not reduce water supplies available for the Central Val-ley Project and the California State Water Project. (d) O
THER ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTIONS .— (1) S
TATE LAW .—The actions of the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce under this section shall be con-sistent with applicable regulatory require-ments under State law. The foregoing does not constitute a waiver of sovereign immu-nity. (2) F
IRST SEDIMENT FLUSH .—During the first flush of sediment out of the Sac-ramento-San Joaquin River Delta in each water year, and provided that such deter-mination is based upon objective evidence, OMR flow may be managed at rates less neg-ative than -5,000 cubic feet per second for a minimum duration to avoid movement of adult Delta smelt (Hypomesus transpacificus) to areas in the southern Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta that would be likely to increase entrainment at Central Valley Project and California State Water Project pumping plants. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF OPINION .—This section shall not affect the application of the salmonid biological opinion from April 1 to May 31, unless the Secretary of Commerce finds, based on the best scientific and com-mercial data available, that some or all of such applicable requirements may be ad-justed during this time period to provide emergency water supply relief without re-sulting in additional adverse effects over and above the range of impacts authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. In addi-tion to any other actions to benefit water supply, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall consider allow-ing through-Delta water transfers to occur during this period if they can be accom-plished consistent with section 3405(a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act. Water transfers solely or exclusively through the California State Water Project that do not require any use of Reclamation facilities or approval by Reclamation are not required to be consistent with section 3405(a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act. (4) M
ONITORING .—During operations under this section, the Commissioner of Reclama-tion, in coordination with the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, National Marine Fisheries Service, and California Depart-ment of Fish and Wildlife, shall undertake expanded monitoring programs and other data gathering to improve Central Valley Project and California State Water Project water supplies, to ensure incidental take lev-els are not exceeded, and to identify poten-tial negative impacts, if any, and actions necessary to mitigate impacts of the tem-porary operational flexibility to species list-ed under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (e) E
FFECT OF HIGHOUTFLOWS .—In recogni-tion of the high outflow levels from the Sac-ramento-San Joaquin River Delta during the days this section is in effect under sub-section (b), the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall not count such days toward the 5-day and 14-day run-ning averages of tidally filtered daily Old and Middle River flow requirements under the smelt biological opinion and salmonid bi-ological opinion, as long as the Secretaries avoid significant negative impact on the long-term survival of listed fish species over and above the range of impacts authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. (f) L
EVEL OF DETAIL REQUIRED FOR ANAL-
YSIS.—In articulating the determinations re-quired under this section, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall fully satisfy the requirements herein but shall not be expected to provide a great-er level of supporting detail for the analysis than feasible to provide within the short timeframe permitted for timely decision making in response to changing conditions in the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta. (g) OMRFLOWS .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of Commerce shall, through the adaptive management provi-sions in the salmonid biological opinion, limit OMR reverse flow to -5,000 cubic feet per second based on date-certain triggers in the salmonid biological opinions only if using real-time migration information on salmonids demonstrates that such action is necessary to avoid a significant negative im-pact on the long-term survival of listed fish species over and above the range of impacts authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. (h) N
OREINITIATION OF CONSULTATION .—In implementing or at the conclusion of actions under this section, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall not reinitiate consultation on those adjusted operations if there is no im-mediate significant negative impact on the long-term survival of listed fish species over and above the range of impacts authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. Any action taken under this section that does not create an immediate significant negative impact on the long-term survival of listed fish species over and above the range of impacts authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 will not alter application of the take permitted by the incidental take statement in those biological opinions under section 7(o)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973. 
STATE WATER PROJECT OFFSET AND WATER  
RIGHTS PROTECTIONS  S
EC. 206. (a) O FFSET FOR STATE WATER  P
ROJECT .— (1) I
MPLEMENTATION IMPACTS .—The Sec-retary of the Interior shall confer with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife in connection with the implementation of this section on potential impacts to any con-sistency determination for operations of the State Water Project issued pursuant to Cali-fornia Fish and Game Code section 2080.1. (2) A
DDITIONAL YIELD .—If, as a result of the application of this section, the California Department of Fish and Wildlife— (A) determines that operations of the State Water Project are inconsistent with the con-sistency determinations issued pursuant to California Fish and Game Code section 2080.1 for operations of the State Water Project; or (B) requires take authorization under Cali-fornia Fish and Game Code section 2081 for operation of the State Water Project in a manner that directly or indirectly results in reduced water supply to the State Water Project as compared with the water supply available under the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion; and as a result, Central Valley Project yield is great-er than it otherwise would have been, then that additional yield shall be made available to the State Water Project for delivery to State Water Project contractors to offset that reduced water supply. (3) N
OTIFICATION RELATED TO ENVIRON -
MENTAL PROTECTIONS .—The Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Commerce shall— (A) notify the Director of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife regarding any changes in the manner in which the smelt biological opinion or the salmonid bio-logical opinion is implemented; and (B) confirm that those changes are con-sistent with the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (b) A
REA OF ORIGIN AND WATER RIGHTS  P
ROTECTIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of Commerce, in car-rying out the mandates of this section, shall take no action that— (A) diminishes, impairs, or otherwise af-fects in any manner any area of origin, wa-tershed of origin, county of origin, or any other water rights protection, including rights to water appropriated before Decem-ber 19, 1914, provided under State law; (B) limits, expands or otherwise affects the application of section 10505, 10505.5, 11128, 11460, 11461, 11462, 11463 or 12200 through 12220 of the California Water Code or any other provision of State water rights law, without respect to whether such a provision is spe-cifically referred to in this section; or (C) diminishes, impairs, or otherwise af-fects in any manner any water rights or water rights priorities under applicable law. (2) S
ECTION 7 OF THE ENDANGERED SPECIES  
ACT.—Any action proposed to be undertaken by the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Commerce pursuant to both this section and section 7 of the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) shall be undertaken in a manner that does not alter water rights or water rights priorities established by California law or it shall not be undertaken at all. Nothing in this sub-section affects the obligations of the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973. (3) E
FFECT OF ACT .— (A) Nothing in this section affects or modi-fies any obligation of the Secretary of the Interior under section 8 of the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 390, chapter 1093). (B) Nothing in this section diminishes, im-pairs, or otherwise affects in any manner any Project purposes or priorities for the al-location, delivery or use of water under ap-plicable law, including the Project purposes and priorities established under section 3402 and section 3406 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102– 575; 106 Stat. 4706). (c) N
OREDIRECTED ADVERSE IMPACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior and Secretary of Commerce shall not carry out any specific action authorized under this section that will directly or through State agency action indirectly re-sult in the involuntary reduction of water supply to an individual, district, or agency that has in effect a contract for water with the State Water Project or the Central Val-ley Project, including Settlement and Ex-change contracts, refuge contracts, and Friant Division contracts, as compared to the water supply that would be provided in the absence of action under this section, and nothing in this section is intended to modify, amend or affect any of the rights and obliga-tions of the parties to such contracts. (2) A
CTION ON DETERMINATION .—If, after ex-ploring all options, the Secretary of the Inte-rior or the Secretary of Commerce makes a final determination that a proposed action under this section cannot be carried out in accordance with paragraph (1), that Sec-retary— (A) shall document that determination in writing for that action, including a state-ment of the facts relied on, and an expla-nation of the basis, for the decision; (B) may exercise the Secretary’s existing authority, including authority to undertake the drought-related actions otherwise ad-dressed in this title, or to otherwise comply with other applicable law, including the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and (C) shall comply with subsection (a). (d) A
LLOCATIONS FOR SACRAMENTO VALLEY  W
ATER SERVICE CONTRACTORS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.060 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3069 May 24, 2016 
(A) E XISTING CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT AG -
RICULTURAL WATER SERVICE CONTRACTOR  
WITHIN THE SACRAMENTO RIVER WATERSHED .— The term ‘‘existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor within the Sacramento River Watershed’’ means any water service contractor within the Shasta, Trinity, or Sacramento River divi-sion of the Central Valley Project that has in effect a water service contract on the date of enactment of this section that provides water for irrigation. (B) Y
EAR TERMS .—The terms ‘‘Above Nor-mal’’, ‘‘Below Normal’’, ‘‘Dry’’, and ‘‘Wet’’, with respect to a year, have the meanings given those terms in the Sacramento Valley Water Year Type (40–30–30) Index. (2) A
LLOCATIONS OF WATER .— (A) A
LLOCATIONS .—Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary of the Interior shall make every reasonable effort in the operation of the Central Valley Project to allocate water provided for irrigation purposes to each ex-isting Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor within the Sac-ramento River Watershed in accordance with the following: (i) Not less than 100 percent of the contract quantity of the existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service con-tractor within the Sacramento River Water-shed in a ‘‘Wet’’ year. (ii) Not less than 100 percent of the con-tract quantity of the existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service Con-tractor within the Sacramento River Water-shed in an ‘‘Above Normal’’ year. (iii) Not less than 100 percent of the con-tract quantity of the existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service con-tractor within the Sacramento River Water-shed in a ‘‘Below Normal’’ year that is pre-ceded by an ‘‘Above Normal’’ or ‘‘Wet’’ year. (iv) Not less than 50 percent of the con-tract quantity of the existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service con-tractor within the Sacramento River Water-shed in a ‘‘Dry’’ year that is preceded by a ‘‘Below Normal’’, ‘‘Above Normal’’, or ‘‘Wet’’ year. (v) Subject to clause (ii), in any other year not identified in any of clauses (i) through (iv), not less than twice the allocation per-centage to south-of-Delta Central Valley Project agricultural water service contrac-tors, up to 100 percent. (B) E
FFECT OF CLAUSE .—Nothing in clause (A)(v) precludes an allocation to an existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor within the Sacramento River Watershed that is greater than twice the allocation percentage to a south-of-Delta Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor. (3) P
ROTECTION OF ENVIRONMENT , MUNICIPAL  
AND INDUSTRIAL SUPPLIES , AND OTHER CON -
TRACTORS .— (A) E
NVIRONMENT .—Nothing in paragraph (2) shall adversely affect— (i) the cold water pool behind Shasta Dam; (ii) the obligation of the Secretary of the Interior to make water available to managed wetlands pursuant to section 3406(d) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4722); or (iii) any obligation— (I) of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce under the smelt bio-logical opinion, the salmonid biological opin-ion, or any other applicable biological opin-ion; or (II) under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) or any other ap-plicable law (including regulations). (B) M
UNICIPAL AND INDUSTRIAL SUPPLIES .— Nothing in paragraph (2)— (i) modifies any provision of a water Serv-ice contract that addresses municipal or in-dustrial water shortage policies of the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce; (ii) affects or limits the authority of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce to adopt or modify municipal and industrial water shortage policies; (iii) affects or limits the authority of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce to implement a municipal or industrial water shortage policy; (iv) constrains, governs, or affects, directly or indirectly, the operations of the American River division of the Central Valley Project or any deliveries from that division or a unit or facility of that division; or (v) affects any allocation to a Central Val-ley Project municipal or industrial water service contractor by increasing or decreas-ing allocations to the contractor, as com-pared to the allocation the contractor would have received absent paragraph (2). (C) OTHER CONTRACTORS .—Nothing in sub-section (b)— (i) affects the priority of any individual or entity with Sacramento River water rights, including an individual or entity with a Sac-ramento River settlement contract, that has priority to the diversion and use of Sac-ramento River water over water rights held by the United States for operations of the Central Valley Project; (ii) affects the obligation of the United States to make a substitute supply of water available to the San Joaquin River exchange contractors; (iii) affects the allocation of water to Friant division contractors of the Central Valley Project; (iv) results in the involuntary reduction in contract water allocations to individuals or entities with contracts to receive water from the Friant division; or (v) authorizes any actions inconsistent with State water rights law. S
EC. 207. None of the funds in this Act shall be available to implement the Stipulation of Settlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., East-ern District of California, No. Civ. 9 S–88–1658 LKK/GGH) or subtitle A of title X of Public Law 111–11. S
EC. 208. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for the purchase of water in the State of California to supplement instream flow within a river basin that has suffered a drought within the last two years. S
EC. 209. The Commissioner of Reclama-tion is directed to work with local water and irrigation districts in the Stanislaus River Basin to ascertain the water storage made available by the Draft Plan of Operations in New Melones Reservoir (DRPO) for water conservation programs, conjunctive use projects, water transfers, rescheduled project water and other projects to maximize water storage and ensure the beneficial use of the water resources in the Stanislaus River Basin. All such programs and projects shall be implemented according to all applicable laws and regulations. The source of water for any such storage program at New Melones Reservoir shall be made available under a valid water right, consistent with the State water transfer guidelines and any other ap-plicable State water law. The Commissioner shall inform the Congress within 18 months setting forth the amount of storage made available by the DRPO that has been put to use under this program, including proposals received by the Commissioner from inter-ested parties for the purpose of this section. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PROGRAMS E
NERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy effi-ciency and renewable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $1,825,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $149,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direc-tion. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $50,000,000)’’. Page 45, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $45,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, this is a fairly simple amendment, and it is a commonsense amendment. While the technologies could also be used that this amendment will plus up for natural gas or oil, I will focus my attention on coal because that is what happens in my district predominantly. Over the last several years, as many of us know, there have been numerous burdensome regulations on the coal in-dustry and industries that burn coal. The very least we can do is to make sure that coal-fired power plants and others dependent on coal, among those most heavily targeted, have the tech-nologies necessary to meet the stand-ards being imposed on them. In recent months, I have had many conversations and discussions with a number of folks in southwest Virginia, but also folks at the Department of En-ergy, about ways that we can better do the research necessary to make clean coal technology available. One thing is very clear. There is a fu-ture for coal, and it lies in many ways in the technologies being researched and supported by the Department of Energy’s Office of Fossil Energy Re-search. We would love to get parity. This amendment doesn’t bring us to parity, but it gets us a little bit closer. My amendment would simply add $45 million for fossil energy research and development from the energy effi-ciency and renewable energy account for the purpose of aiding clean coal technology. Now, just so you understand, the re-search money for energy efficiency and renewable energy would still be at $1.775 billion and the research money for fossil fuels, including coal, would only get plussed up to 690. So you still have a greater amount of money by a little bit more than 2 to 1 going to other energies besides the fos-sil fuels. Some of the key power providers in Virginia have made it clear that coal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.060 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3070 May 24, 2016 
will continue to be a part of their strategy for a long time to come. Dominion Power, at a recent con-ference that we had, indicated that, by 2030, they expect that about 30 percent of their energy production will be from coal. American Electric Power indi-cated that about half of theirs in 2030 would still be from coal. Now, what we have to do is we have to make sure that we get our tech-nologies in line to make sure that we can continue to burn coal, but burn it in a cleaner fashion. While there are various clean coal technologies cur-rently in development, they will not be ready for commercial use for years to come unless we change the timeline. So my amendment would change that timeline. It will shorten that time by putting more money into research for clean coal technologies. So we have two intersecting interests here. Let’s figure out a way we can keep the jobs, particularly in south-west Virginia and central Appalachia, and also burn coal more cleanly. My amendment gives us a ray of hope, a step forward, to keeping those high-paying coal jobs, at least some of them—we have lost thousands in the last few years—but keeping those jobs while also finding ways to burn the coal more cleanly. This amendment will support both of these goals by ensuring additional funding for clean coal research. That research can also be used in natural gas. My favorite is chemical looping. This is a reasonable approach, and I hope that the body will adopt this amendment. I appreciate that the underlying bill does provide a slight increase in fossil fuel energy research over last year’s level. But when you are losing as many jobs as my district has, you have to fight for everything you can get. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I appreciate Congressman G
RIFFITH ’s efforts here, but, unfortunately, I rise in opposition to the amendment. Let me just say that, in the base bill that we have worked very hard on, there are $645 million in the account for fossil energy. That is about $13 mil-lion more over the current fiscal year. In addition, it is $285 million above the budget request. So I think, if you put it in that frame, we have done quite well with difficult choices inside our bill. The en-ergy efficiency and renewable energy account is already $248 million below this year and more than a billion below the budget request. So I would say to the gentleman that I don’t think the offset you have pro-vided is a very good one. We know that renewable energy is at the forefront of an energy trans-formation that is already happening across our country, and we do need a more balanced approach to energy. While I do support fossil energy re-search and development and, frankly, transition for communities that have been harmed by the transformation in the energy sector—coal communities and coal-shipping communities across this country—I really can’t support this level of disproportionate funding. So I strongly oppose the amendment and do not agree with its offset. I would urge my colleagues to join me in a ‘‘no’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have re-maining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 1 minute remaining. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the gentlewoman’s comments and recognize that they did plus it up a lit-tle bit. But when you look at the folks that I represent and the thousands of folks who have lost their jobs in the mining industry, we have to do more. We have to do more. Everybody likes to talk about we are going to help, we are going to transi-tion. But some of my counties, quite frankly, what are you going to transi-tion them to? There are no great roads. We should work on that as well. Frankly, we have got trees and mountains. Recently, one of my counties had to build a new high school because all of their high schools were in the floodway. We had two pieces of land that were flat enough to build the high school on in the entire county. So when people say transition, I al-ways say: What are you going to do when you don’t have the land to build factories and you don’t have the re-sources to do something else? They have always done mining. They can continue to do mining. Let’s meet and compromise here and put research money in so that they can continue to mine, continue to have jobs, and we can have a cleaner burning fuel, but still use our coal. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, might I in-quire how much time I have remain-ing? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio has 3 minutes remaining. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I couldn’t agree with Congressman G
RIFFITH more about the necessity of transitioning communities. When I look back to the 1990s when something called NAFTA passed—the North American Free Trade Agree-ment—we were promised that there would be a North American develop-ment bank and that any community that was harmed in the South or the North would be helped. The Federal Government never kept its word. It never kept its word. Go try to find that North American develop-ment bank today and we look at hollowed-out communities across this country. If we look at the coal communities in—and Ohio has a lot of coal. We actu-ally have more Btus under the ground between Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio, all the way to Illinois, than the Middle East has oil. It is just a little bit hard-er. So we look at these communities that have been so devastated, and the Federal Government kind of sat on the side. Yes, we had the Appalachian Re-gional Commission terribly under-funded without the kind of bonding and development authority that should exist. I look at the steel communities that I represent. People in my district are getting pink slips every day at our big steel companies because of imported steel, and the Federal Government sits on its hand here at the Federal level in the International Trade Commission and the National Economic office over at the National Security Council. It upsets me a great deal that we haven’t been able to help communities so im-pacted. I hope that, for those communities that are suffering because of the tran-sition in the energy sector partly due to the discovery of natural gas, quite frankly, in places like Ohio—and I am not sure about Virginia—we really need the type of transition program that we should have had back in the 1990s for the NAFTA communities and that we should have had for the steel communities. The Federal Government is just too far away from the places where we live to even see it sometimes. So I share the gentleman’s passion on that, but I really don’t think that we should take from the accounts that are providing some of the future answers. I hope that regions like yours could move into the new energy economy as well. Up in the Lake Erie area where I live, we are trying very, very hard to cap-ture the wind. Lake Erie is the Saudi Arabia of wind, and it is part of our new future and part of a new grid. We hope to be very successful there. I hope that some of these new technologies could also burgeon in regions of Vir-ginia. There is no reason that they can’t. I believe the Department of Energy, the Department of Labor, the Depart-ment of Commerce, and all of our de-partments have an obligation to the communities that have been harmed because of policies that happen in the private sector or the public sector, but we haven’t been so good at that as the Federal Government. So I reluctantly oppose the gentle-man’s amendment, but I understand his motivation. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Griffith amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.117 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3071 May 24, 2016 
the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. b1930 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ), I offer an amendment. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 50, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This amendment would increase funding for the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account by $2 mil-lion for the SuperTruck II program. The SuperTruck program was started by the Department of Energy to im-prove freight and heavy duty vehicle efficiency. The Committee on Appropriations acknowledged in their committee re-port the success of the SuperTruck II program but recommended only $20 million of the requested $60 million for the SuperTruck II program to further improve efficiency in these vehicles. SuperTruck II will continue dramatic improvements in the efficiency of heavy-duty class 8 long-haul and re-gional-haul vehicles through system- level improvements. These improve-ments include hybridization, more effi-cient idling, and high efficiency HVAC technologies. By increasing the funding for the SuperTruck II program by $2 million, it will allow the Department of Energy to better achieve their freight efficiency goals. This amendment is fully offset by a decrease in the departmental adminis-tration account. I thank my colleague, S
TEVE COHEN , for his continued work on this impor-tant issue. I would also like to thank Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Mem-ber K
APTUR for their hard work on this bill. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of an amendment Congressman J
ERRY MCNER-
NEYand I are offering today to the Fiscal Year 2017 Energy and Water Appropriations Act. Our amendment would increase funding for the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account by $2 million for the SuperTruck II program, and it is fully offset. The SuperTruck program at the Department of Energy (DOE) helps research and develop more fuel efficient long-haul, tractor-trailers, which is important not just for our environment but also for our economy. The types of improvements we may see as a result of this program include better engine efficiency, aerodynamics, and truck weight. The Appropriations Committee included $20 million of the requested $60 million for the SuperTruck II program. While I am grateful for the funding, I believe we can do more. I would like to thank Congressman MCNER-
NEYfor his help on this amendment as well as Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K AP-
TURfor all their efforts on this bill. I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CNER-
NEY). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. Page 44, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. Page 44, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. Page 45, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. Page 45, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. Page 45, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. Page 80, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,481,616,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I thank you for the opportunity to speak about this amendment to the Energy and Water Development and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act of 2017. This amendment zeroes out several Federal agency programs that have been in the business of picking winners and losers. Federal bureaucrats are not venture capitalists or R&D specialists. They have no business exposing bil-lions of taxpayer dollars to potentially risky investments. We must continue to invest in renew-able, nuclear, and fossil energy tech-nologies; but the investments in these projects should be left to the private sector, where firms can decide whether or not to take on the risk. Additionally, the discoveries from these projects are owned by the compa-nies themselves, rather than placed into the private domain to benefit our Nation more fully. Moreover, wherever the Federal Government doles out tax-payer dollars, high-paid lobbyists stand at the ready to collect their share. The success of companies pursuing new energy technologies should depend on those technologies’ merits. This amendment eliminates those crony subsidies. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-position to the amendment. The Acting Chair. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, it is inter-esting that a Member from Colorado, which is where the National Renewable Energy Laboratory—I would sure like to have that in Ohio—is headquartered. I have actually visited that site and have been so impressed by the basic re-search that has been done in so many arenas that has brought new products to market. When I look at the solar industry, for example, were it not for the photo-voltaic research of the U.S. Depart-ment of Energy back in the early days, it would not now be employing more people than those who work in many of the other energy sectors put together. It is amazing to me that it is one of the fastest growing segments of our mar-ket. But the basic research that had to be done—the thin film research, the work on silicates, on cadmium tellurides, so many of the ingredients—frankly, there was no company that was able to take that risk in the past. And they certainly couldn’t get the funding; I can guarantee you that. Some of this research started back in the 1980s. So I think that the energy efficiency and renewable energy programs are just terribly important. On the nuclear front, there is no pri-vate company that has figured out how to really handle the waste product from nuclear. We have to invest in nu-clear energy to build a safer world for the future, and the Department of En-ergy does that. No private company takes that on. In fact, we have a lot of waste. There are environmental management projects across this country, hundreds of billions of dollars. We have to handle cleanup from past years and the cold war. No private company is able to do that on its own. That is something that is a legacy of our defense structure. I am really not quite sure what the gentleman’s objective is here, but I don’t want to take America backwards. I want her to move forward. We are now at 91 percent in terms of our ability to fund our energy use here in our country, compared to half that just several years ago. That is a real accomplishment. It is something that the public sector and the private sector are able to work on together. I really think that the gentleman’s efforts are misguided, and I would have to oppose this amendment. Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gen-tleman from Idaho. Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gentle-woman for yielding. Like the ranking member, I would oppose this amendment. It would re-duce funds in the following accounts: EERE, nuclear energy, fossil energy, and other accounts throughout this bill. We spend an awful lot of time mak-ing sure that we continue our responsi-bility to effectively manage govern-ment spending, and we have worked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.119 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3072 May 24, 2016 
tirelessly to that end. These are tar-geted funds to provide needed invest-ments and to efficiently and safely uti-lize our natural resources and invest in the next technological innovations. It is interesting that years ago, we used to have what were called the Bell Laboratories, and they did a lot of the research and stuff that is now done by government. Because it has gotten too expensive, any individual company can’t do a lot of the research that is done. I will give you an example in the nu-clear energy arena. At the Idaho Na-tional Lab, we have the advanced test reactors. It is the only one in the United States that does this. Private companies come, as well as govern-ment and other organizations, to test new fuels, new designs of fuels, and those types of things. This is not some-thing that can be done by the private sector. So there are a lot of things that the government does and research that the government does that the private sec-tor, frankly, just doesn’t have the re-sources to do that need to get done. That is what we expect our national laboratories to do. That is what EERE does, what fossil energy research does, and other things. As I said, some of these programs, like the ATR, some of the funding is paid by the companies that come and use the facility and those types of things, as they have to. And besides that, it is good for our national secu-rity. It is an interesting fact—and I think my numbers are accurate; if they are not exactly accurate, they are pretty close—that when the first nuclear-pow-ered submarine was launched, it was fueled for 6 months and then had to be refueled. But through the research that they have been able to do, the Navy, with the advanced test reactor, we now fuel ships for the life of the ship, which is an incredible advancement. But that is done through government research. So while it would be nice to say the private sector ought to do all these things, the reality is the private sector can’t do all of those things. I would agree with the gentlewoman and oppose the gentleman’s amend-ment. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chair, the ranking member asked what the purpose is, and I would be glad to answer that. We have over $19 trillion of debt. We are running up huge annual deficits in this country. We do not have a major war going on right now, and we do not have a recession going on right now, but we continue to overspend. This is an area where I contend that the private sector has got to do a lot more than it is doing if we are going to try to balance our budget some day. That may seem like folly to some, but I think the impact of going off the fis-cal cliff is far greater than the impact of cutting funds for research in this area. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
VACATING DEMAND FOR RECORDED VOTE ON  
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my re-quest for a recorded vote on the amend-ment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) to the end that the Chair puts the question de novo. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Idaho? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000) (reduced by $25,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from New Mexico and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Mexico. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chair, New Mexico is, frankly, very fortunate to have many natural resources, including vast amounts of minerals, oil, and natural gas; but water is, by far, New Mexico’s most precious commodity. As a Representative from New Mex-ico, I have witnessed the devastating impact that long-term severe drought can have on businesses, communities, and the State. Drought conditions threaten the livelihoods of farmers and ranchers who depend on this natural resource to run their operations. In addition, there are many commu-nities in New Mexico, both in urban and rural areas, that may not survive without an affordable and a sustainable water source. These conditions go be-yond New Mexico and extend, in fact, to the entire Southwest. Based on the most recent available science, experts believe that this re-gion of the country will continue to ex-perience megadroughts in the future. It is critical that we make invest-ments now not only to protect and con-serve this scare resource but to also re-search and develop alternative, afford-able, and sustainable water tech-nologies to ensure that Southwest communities and businesses can con-tinue to thrive in persistent drought conditions. My amendment would prioritize $25 million for an energy water desalina-tion hub, as proposed by the Depart-ment of Energy. The hub will develop the technology to reduce the cost, en-ergy input, and carbon emission levels of water desalination. Desalination technology has been around for many years, and I have vis-ited several countries that are cur-rently using desalination technology. New Mexico would greatly benefit from this technology, since the State has large brackish water reserves that could become viable water resources through desalination. Desalination can also help the State’s oil and gas indus-try to address water shortage and wastewater disposal challenges. Despite the number of benefits and industry advancements, unfortunately water desalination is still cost-prohibi-tive for small communities and compa-nies. This is why I think it is crucial that we develop this technology to make it as affordable and energy-effi-cient as possible. Making important investments in water technologies like water desalina-tion will be critical in determining the future of Southwest communities and businesses. Now, I am disappointed, of course, that this is not something that is cur-rently included in the bill. I am look-ing forward to working with the major-ity on this really important issue. At this time, Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to withdraw my amendment. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio. b1945 Ms. KAPTUR. I thank the gentle-woman for yielding. I think Congresswoman L
UJAN GRIS-
HAM has done such a phenomenal job here, and I appreciate her interest in the necessity of desalinization work and how important the Department of Energy is in finding a solution that is cost effective and the most advanced energy system we can have to desalinate as we move forward. I share her interest in finding funding for this important work, and, hopefully, in a conference situation, we can provide a way to provide some resources. I really applaud the gentlewoman for her path-breaking efforts on behalf of a very important issue. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chair, I ask unani-mous consent to withdraw my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New Mexico? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.123 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3073 May 24, 2016 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. Page 50, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $15,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chair, the current bill cuts hydropower by $15 million, and this amendment seeks to restore it. It offsets it with Department of En-ergy, or DOE, administrative costs. Ac-tually, the amendment reduces outlays by $8 million because, Mr. Chair, water power programs are vitally important to reducing our dependence on foreign energy sources. Hydropower is available in every re-gion of the country, every single re-gion. Literally, 2,200 hydropower plants provide America’s most abundant source of clean, renewable energy and account for 67 percent of domestic re-newable generation, for a total of 7 per-cent of the total generation across the country. This amendment stands to create 1.4 million new jobs by 2025, Mr. Chair, and this would be harnessing a truly renew-able and green source of energy. Let me just talk about some of the advantages of hydro as opposed to wind and solar. Hydro has a predictable, year-round output. Solar and wind require, often, a battery backup or an alternative power source if they are going to be viable. Even routine maintenance on a wind-mill way up there is problematic and expensive, where hydro is right down on the ground where we are. It is easy to maintain. Hydropower facilities are quiet and often unobtrusive. Most of the neigh-bors don’t even know they are there. Oftentimes, we hear complaints about wind generation and the noise it also generates along with the power. Hydropower—I think this is the most important—is baseload. It is a baseload source of energy. It occurs 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. It is actually what backs up the other intermittent sources of alternative energy. So, it is really important in that context. Now, hydropower faces a comprehen-sive regulatory approval process, and some folks don’t like that. But the im-portant part about that is everybody is involved: FERC, Federal and State re-source agencies, local governments, tribes, NGOs, and the public. Every-body gets buy-in before a hydro plant goes on line. Sixty thousand megawatts of preliminary permits and projects await final approval and are pending currently before the Commis-sion in 45 States. Mr. Chair, this is not parochial. There are 80,000 nonpowered dams across the U.S. right now that could accept hydropower. There are 600 that have an immediate capability to produce energy right now. That is 80,000 and 600 across the country right now. Pennsylvania, itself, has 678 megawatts of untapped power in the form of hydro. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for the opportunity to offer the amend-ment. I understand the $15 million con-cerns some Members, and I, too, am concerned about spending. So this one is bipartisan, but I am hopeful others will follow. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chair, I ask unani-mous consent to withdraw my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $9,000,000)’’. Page 50, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $9,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from Oregon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Oregon. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a bipartisan amendment with my colleague from Pennsylvania, Congressman P
ERRY , and my colleague from Maine, Congresswoman P
INGREE , in support of water power technologies. Mr. Chairman, our amendment would increase funding to the Department of Energy’s Water Power Program by $9 million. This increase is offset by an equal amount by the departmental ad-ministration account. As Congress promotes technologies that can help lower our constituents’ energy bills, we must invest in new and innovative solutions, and my colleague just made a case for why hydropower is so important. The Department of Energy has esti-mated that our Nation’s marine energy resources could, in the future, rep-resent a very good portion of U.S. gen-eration needs. Oregon State University, the Univer-sity of Washington, and the University of Alaska Fairbanks are leveraging Federal funding from the Water Power Program to support the testing and re-search activities of the Northwest Na-tional Marine Renewable Energy Cen-ter, a center that will provide vision-ary entrepreneurs with the domestic location to test wave energy devices, along with other technology, instead of traveling to Scotland to use their test center. Without continued Federal invest-ment, Europe will remain the leader. China is investing heavily in these technologies as well. Federal partnerships with edu-cational institutions and the private sector are necessary to further the re-search and development efforts already well underway and close the gap for these technologies on the verge of com-mercial viability. The National Hydropower Associa-tion, along with its Pumped Storage and Marine Energy Councils have en-dorsed our bipartisan amendment. In-vestments in these technologies and this source of energy will spur domes-tic industry and create good-paying jobs and economic opportunities in our communities. Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of this bipartisan amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chair, I seek the time in opposition, though I am not op-posed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I want to congratulate my good friend and col-league from Oregon. She has been a champion on this before. She fully un-derstands, as I do, that resources across the country are strained. We don’t have a lot of extra money to go around. And for all the reasons that I pointed out and the reasons that she pointed out and the Northwest agree-ing with the Northeast, let’s work to-gether on what works. We know this works. It is one of the oldest sources of electric energy in the world. Why are we wasting our time and collective energy in the form of funds and time on these other things that might be nice and they might be great years after the development, but this works right now and doesn’t break the bank? This is a good amendment, and I urge all my colleagues on both sides to sup-port it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, again, I want to thank my colleague from Pennsylvania and my colleague from Maine for cosponsoring this important amendment. This is a modest increase in the Water Power Program. It sup-ports marine and hydropower energy technology, and I urge all of my col-leagues to support this bipartisan amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $9,750,000)’’. Page 45, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $13,000,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.127 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3074 May 24, 2016 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, this bill, in its current form, appropriates con-siderably above the administration’s mark for fossil energy research and de-velopment. My amendment doesn’t take away all of the amount that has been plussed up. It just takes a small amount of that—$13 million out of the $645 million, which is the amount the bill is above last year’s appropria-tions—and directs those funds to the Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy fund, which is an extremely im-portant fund that funds a lot of impor-tant activities across our country. As an example, the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy fund is working with American manufacturers to apply 3–D printing, also called additive man-ufacturing, to renewable technologies. Blades are one of the most costly com-ponents of wind turbines, but additive manufacturing has the promise of re-ducing costs. There is a lot of impor-tant basic research that supports it. In addition, they are working on—it is funded by EERE—advanced tech-nologies for microgrid projects, coordi-nated with the Electric Power Re-search Institute, to have localized grids that are connected to traditional grids—but can also disconnect—to op-erate autonomously and help mitigate grid disturbances, meaning more secu-rity for our national energy system when we can avoid large-scale down-time from large grid outages. Another example is solar resource maps, leading to solar exports to en-hance the quality and accuracy of our research maps across the country, helping to facilitate exports of solar PV products to other countries, like India, by identifying high-quality solar projects in India that are creative and profitable. Another example of the EERE is the Vehicle Technologies Office to the Clean Cities coalition in support of a project fostering electric vehicle readi-ness in the Rocky Mountain area to foster State policies to increase the adoption of plug-in electric vehicles. As we know, plug-in engines powered from the grid are far more efficient at converting energy, whether it comes from a balance of coal and wind and solar, than an internal combustion en-gine that just runs off gasoline. So the budget estimate for the fund that we are talking about was $360 mil-lion. The plus up recommended was $645 million. This would simply remove $13 million and allocate it to a very im-portant account that I hope we can build bipartisan support for. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose this amendment. The amend-ment would cut funding for the Fossil Energy Research and Development pro-gram and increase the EERE program by a similar amount. Fossil fuels, such as coal, oil, and natural gas, provide for 81 percent of the energy used by the Nation’s homes and businesses and generates 67 percent of the Nation’s electricity. It will con-tinue to provide for the majority of our energy needs for the foreseeable future. Let me repeat that. They provide for 81 percent of the energy used by the Nation’s homes and businesses and gen-erate 67 percent of the Nation’s elec-tricity. The bill rejects the administration’s proposed reductions in fossil energy and, instead, funds these programs at $645 million, or $13 million above last year’s request. With this additional funding, the Of-fice of Fossil Energy will research how to capture emissions from our power plants on how water can be more effec-tively used in power plants and how coal can be used to produce electric power through fuel cells. This amendment would reduce the funding for a program that ensures we use our Nation’s abundant fossil fuel resources as well and as cleanly as pos-sible. In fact, just increasing the effi-ciency of fossil fuel by 1 percent would power millions of households, all with-out using a pound of additional fuel from the ground. That is the kind of re-search this program represents. Therefore, I must oppose this amend-ment, and I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. I thank the gentleman from California for yielding, and I rise in support of the Polis amendment to increase funding for the Office of En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. That office is one of the most forward- looking segments within the Depart-ment of Energy and the group that is driving the huge surge we are seeing across the country in energy innova-tion. The future we all envision is in re-newable energy, smart grids, energy storage, and energy efficiency. One hundred and ninety countries made it clear to the world that they support this new future in Paris at the end of the last year, and the funding of EERE is critical to ensuring the U.S. leads the world into that future. Let me mention the solar energy ac-count, in particular, is yielding serious benefits. The number of workers in this growing renewable sector has doubled over the last 5 years, and its rapid ex-pansion shows no signs of slowing down, with solar projected to add 9.5 gigawatts of new energy this year, more than any other energy source. b2000 It employs more Americans than work on oil rigs and in gas fields, just in the solar sector. So I support this amendment to ex-pand the Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy Office and the increase in funding that Congressman POLIS is of-fering for a clean energy future for all. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am hopeful that this amendment will pass. I have prepared some other amendments that specifically look at the fossil fuel R&D as a wasteful ex-penditure. To be clear, this one does not con-template that. It still increases the level substantially from the budget es-timate, which is $360 million for this account. The recommended 2017 level in the chairman’s mark is $645 million, so there is a plus-up of $285 million over the President’s budget for this line item. So I think it is entirely appropriate to just take $13 million from that, without prejudice with regard to the rest, put it into the Energy Efficiency Renewable Energy Fund, which I had the opportunity to talk about some of the great advances that it makes for energy security with regard to our grid, for manufacturing, and job cre-ation through 3D printing of wind blades, and many other worthy causes. I am hopeful that this body chooses to gain from the best of both worlds by adopting this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve a point of order. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk will report the amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $285,000,000)’’. Page 45, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $285,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, look, now let’s get serious here. Fossil fuel re-search and development is simply the wrong direction for our country. Put-ting more and more money behind oil and gas, which we need to move away from, over time, is only increasing our sunk costs in an economy that leads to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.132 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3075 May 24, 2016 
climate change and long-term ruin. Not only our economy is ruined by the use of oil and gas, but health and safe-ty for communities, our oceans, our air, and our world. The fact that this bill has appro-priated almost $300 million more than the President requested shows how lop-sided the priorities in the bill are. This is an enormous subsidy for the oil and gas industry. One of the most profit-able industries in the world is more than capable of funding its own re-search and development without sub-sidies from the Federal Government using the taxpayer money from hard-working Americans to further fund them. This bill would simply reduce the fos-sil fuel account back to the President’s recommended level, and the remainder would go to reduce the budget deficit. I think that this is an important point to point out, that many of the components of the fossil energy R&D expenditure line make our air dirtier, our water dirtier, and, of course, move to destruction of the climate. So, in many ways, the less we can do the bet-ter. At a time of record budget deficits, finding smart savings by reducing handouts to the oil and gas industry is something that can help restore some semblance of fiscal responsibility to our Nation. There is an example of an account under the Division of Fossil Energy that creates technology that allows oil and gas companies to drill in oil shale formations where there is less than 50,000 barrels per day. We should be doing less oil shale drilling, not ways to find more. As a district and a State directly affected by oil shale drilling, we deal with all of the economic externalities and costs every day. Oil shale is one of the most dirty extraction methods that exists, and the distillation for oil shale re-leases toxic pollutants into the air, like sulfur dioxide, lead, and nitrogen oxide. If companies want to research new extraction technologies, more power to them, as long as they abide by the EPA and other health and safety guidelines. But for taxpayer money and subsidies to go to developing something that has been devastating for my State and for the country is really an abomination, and I am hopeful that, in the name of reducing a budget deficit and finding smart savings, we can reduce this line significantly back to the $360 million that was in the original budget esti-mate. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I must insist on my point of order. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will state his point of order. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, the amendment proposes to amend por-tions of the bill not yet read. The amendment may not be consid-ered en bloc under clause 2(f) of rule XXI because the amendment proposes to increase the level of outlays in the bill. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other Member seek to be heard on the point of order? Mr. POLIS. I do, Mr. Chairman. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Colorado is recognized. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, it is sim-ply the deficit savings account, so when the money isn’t spent, that is where it goes. The deficit savings ac-count is not an outlay. It is simply not being spent in the first place. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. To be considered en bloc pursuant to clause 2(f) of rule XXI, an amendment must not propose to increase the levels of budget authority or outlays in the bill. Because the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado proposes a net increase in the level of outlays in the bill, as argued by the chairman of the Subcommittee on Appropriations, it may not avail itself of clause 2(f) to address portions of the bill not yet read. The point of order is sustained. The amendment is not in order. PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRIES  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, point of parliamentary inquiry. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, when would it be in order to present the amendment? The Acting CHAIR. The Chair has ruled on that particular amendment. The gentleman may seek to offer an amendment at the appropriate point in the reading of the bill. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, further point of parliamentary inquiry. If the deficit reduction account is not cited, what happens to the savings that are designated under the bill? The Acting CHAIR. The Chair will not respond to a hypothetical. The matter can be addressed in debate. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
ELECTRICITY DELIVERY AND ENERGY  R
ELIABILITY  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for electricity de-livery and energy reliability activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $225,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $28,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direc-tion. N
UCLEAR ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion and the purchase of no more than three emergency service ve-hicles for replacement only, $1,011,616,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $80,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for pro-gram direction. FOSSIL ENERGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out fossil energy research and development activities, under the au-thority of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition of interest, including defea-sible and equitable interests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facil-ity acquisition or expansion, and for con-ducting inquiries, technological investiga-tions and research concerning the extrac-tion, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and environmental costs (30 U.S.C. 3, 1602, and 1603), $645,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount $59,475,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direction. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 45, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $645,000,000)’’. Page 80, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $645,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I believe that the amendment has been revised, and if I might request that the Clerk report the revised amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Would the gen-tleman like to withdraw his earlier amendment? Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the earlier amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk will report the amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 45, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $285,000,000)’’. Page 80, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $285,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.135 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3076 May 24, 2016 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I believe with this new structure of this amend-ment we have now addressed the proce-dural issue around deficit reduction. We are now, again, with this amend-ment, seeking to reduce the fossil en-ergy subsidies back to the level re-quested by the President and return the savings to our Federal coffers, namely, by not spending them in the first place. So, again, in previous amendments, we talked about spending some on re-newable energy. In this case, it doesn’t increase any of those lines. What it does do is simply decrease the subsidies to the fossil energy industry, including some of the research priorities we talked about, which private companies are welcome to pursue. But I don’t want to go back to Mr. and Mrs. Taxpayer in my district and say, guess what, your hard-earned tax money is going to subsidize these multi-billion dollar international cor-porations to do their research for them. This amendment would do that. It would then allow the savings to not be spent and to reduce our deficit. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I with-draw my reservation of a point of order. The Acting CHAIR. The reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. He would cut $285 million out of the fossil energy program. What is interesting about this is that they say that this is an unbalanced bill because we have increased funding for fossil energy. And if you look at the amount of the electricity in this coun-try and the energy that is produced by fossil energy, the research done in fos-sil energy by those big companies, as the gentleman suggests, is important, and it is proportional to the amount of energy produced by fossil fuels in this country. To suggest that let’s make sure that we don’t do any fossil fuel research or we cut it substantially suggests that we don’t do any subsidies to any of the other fuels in this country. We don’t do any wind subsidies. We don’t do any solar subsidies or any of the other types of things for these big companies. In fact, we do loan guarantees for a lot of them that go out of business. So I think this is important, and striking the majority of these funds— or at least taking it back to what the President recommended—the problem is that the bill created a balanced, all- of-the-above energy policy. It is the administration’s proposal that was unbalanced, and focused mainly on renewable energies and ig-nored, to a large degree, the majority of the fuel that we use today, the en-ergy sources we use today, and that is the fuel of fossil fuels. As I said in the last debate on one of the earlier amendments, 81 percent of the fuel we use today, and if you ask most experts, they don’t expect that to go down in the near future or even in the long-term future. It is going to re-main a major portion of our energy portfolio for years to come. So I would oppose this amendment. What we do in the fossil energy re-search program is very important to developing the clean source of energy that we all want. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b2015 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, we have a somewhat ironic situation where the Republicans are saying: President Obama, you don’t want to spend enough. President Obama, you have to spend more. This from the so-called party of fiscal responsibility telling our President’s budget: You aren’t spending enough, you aren’t spending enough on fossil fuels on this case, spend hundreds of billions of dollars more of money we don’t have that we are borrowing from China and Saudi Arabia to fund a leg-acy technology that we are moving away from. Of course, we still rely on fossil fuels. The gentleman won’t have any dis-agreement, and I am not trying to zero out the account. We are simply reduc-ing it to the level that the President wants to spend at rather than throwing more and more money hand over fist like this Republican tax-and-spend Congress continues to do. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I have to say that that is just kind of a bogus argument. It is not that we are saying to the President: You have to spend this money in this area. We are rebalancing the portfolio. We are not spending any more money than the President recommended in the en-tire bill—well, we are about $285 mil-lion, or $259 million, but most of that is in the weapons activities. But we are rebalancing the portfolio. We are spending less than the President wants to spend in other areas. So to say, oh, we are just trying to spend money is not the case. We have different prior-ities. We want an all-of-the-above energy strategy, which is what this bill rep-resents. We spend money in solar, we spend money in wind, we spend money in nuclear, and we spend money in fos-sil energy. Those are all important. So just because the gentleman doesn’t like fossil energy doesn’t mean that we ought to do away with the research on it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, what this amendment would do is reduce the budget deficit by $285 million. It gives Congress an opportunity to say: Let’s not spend more than the President of the United States wants; let’s make some reasonable cutbacks to levels that are in the budget estimate al-ready; and rather than throw subsidies hand over fist to the most profitable industry on the face of the planet, in-stead of rebalancing, let’s move to-wards balancing our budget. I came here to reduce our deficit. I support a constitutional amendment to balance our budget. We haven’t been able to have a vote on that in this body this session of Congress. By reducing this $285 million of expenditures where we found an area where Congress actu-ally wants to spend $285 million more than President Obama wants to spend, let’s just go back to what President Obama wants to spend, okay, rather than be even more profligate throwing money hand over the fist after a legacy industry and research that should be done by highly profitable private com-panies, let’s simply cut it back to the level in the President’s budget and move towards balancing rather than rebalancing. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I sug-gest that if that is the case, then I sus-pect that the gentleman, if that is his desire, then I suspect that the gen-tleman supports the Republican plan to not spend as much money in the EERE as the President wanted because we are spending less in EERE, and in some other programs within the Department of Energy we are spending less than the administration wanted. So I am glad to hear that he would support the Repub-lican position on that because we are spending less. Now, there is one thing we both agree on. I would like to see a balanced budg-et amendment before us. I think it would be important that we would pass one. That is not what we are debating today. What we are debating today is the Energy and Water Development program. What we do is we have a cap on how much we can spend. That cap is within the bipartisan budget that was agreed to last year. I suspect the gen-tleman probably voted for it. I don’t know that for sure, but I suspect he probably did. This is within that budg-et. If the gentleman wants to decrease the funding in EERE and all of the other programs that the Republicans have reduced funding in, then, gee, I will go along with him. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I would and I have supported across the board 1 per-cent cuts and 3 percent cuts. I am happy to do it on this bill, too. I hope that somebody offers one. I haven’t prepared one. Usually Mrs. B
LACKBURN  prepares those. I usually vote for them as long as they are reasonable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.139 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3077 May 24, 2016 
What we have here is a targeted cut that can reduce the budget deficit by $285 million by simply spending as much as President Obama wants to spend. We shouldn’t need a balanced budget amendment. I support it. Let’s bring it to the floor. I am glad the gen-tleman agrees. I hope he tells his con-ference and the majority leader to work with Democrats on a bipartisan amendment to balance our budget. But in the meantime, we needn’t wait for that. Let’s start right now. Let’s cut $285 million which will actu-ally make a dent in this bill and move towards balancing the budget rather than simply put it off for tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I would just say that in EERE, the ad-ministration requested $2.9 billion. We funded it at 1.8—1.8 something—1.86 or something like that. We saved a billion dollars. So we actually are rebalancing the portfolio in what we think is im-portant. That is what we do. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado. The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
OFFICE OF TECHNOLOGY TRANSITIONS  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for technology transitions and com-mercialization activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Orga-nization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391), and the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), $7,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. N
AVAL PETROLEUM AND OILSHALE RESERVES  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary to carry out naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities, $14,950,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not- withstanding any other provision of law, un-obligated funds remaining from prior years shall be available for all naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities. S
TRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for Strategic Petroleum Reserve facil-ity development and operations and program management activities pursuant to the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $257,000,000, to remain available until expended. N
ORTHEAST HOMEHEATING OILRESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for Northeast Home Heating Oil Re-serve storage, operation, and management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $6,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended. ENERGY INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out the activities of the Energy Information Administration, $122,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . KATKO  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 47, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. Page 72, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, can we get a clarification of what amendment the gentleman is offering? The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re- report the amendment. The Clerk reread the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair recog-nizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Chairman, over the past several years, the Northern Border Regional Commission has provided vital resources to economically dis-tressed communities along the north-ern border of New England and New York. Each year, the commission se-lects a number of projects through a competitive process that are aimed at spurring economic development, im-proving infrastructure, and increasing access to health care among other things. This region, like many other commu-nities in our country, has experienced severe economic challenges in recent years. Mills and factories have closed, populations of States are static or have declined in some areas, and some in-dustries are particularly hard-hit, like the nuclear industry, and the change in market dynamics related thereto. For example, the Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Plant is closed. The FitzPatrick Nuclear Power Plant in my district is closing and putting out of work 600 individuals with very high- paying jobs in an economically dis-tressed community. This commission provides a smart, efficient, and targeted way of spurring economic development across this re-gion. My amendment would increase the appropriation level in this bill from $5 million to $8 million in order to maintain the vital work of this com-mission. This increase is fully offset by a decrease in funding for the Energy Information Administration. This amendment can give displaced workers job training, give them back work, improve infrastructure, and boost the economy across this chal-lenged region. At this time, however, I will with-draw my amendment, but I hope I can work with the chairman moving for-ward to ensure that this vital program is maintained to the benefit of the economies in the northern border re-gion. Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. KATKO. I yield to the gentleman from Idaho. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s, my col-league’s, passion for the Northern Bor-der Regional Commission, and I will work with him in conference to see if additional funds can be provided be-cause it provides an important func-tion in that area. So I thank the gentleman. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Chair, I ask unani-mous consent to withdraw my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
NON-DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for non-defense en-vironmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of En-ergy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or ex-pansion, $226,745,000, to remain available until expended. U
RANIUM ENRICHMENT DECONTAMINATION AND  D
ECOMMISSIONING FUND For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out uranium enrichment facility decontamination and decommis-sioning, remedial actions, and other activi-ties of title II of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2297f et seq.) and title A, sub-title X, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 2296a et seq.), $698,540,000, to be de-rived from the Uranium Enrichment Decon-tamination and Decommissioning Fund, to remain available until expended, of which $32,959,000 shall be available in accordance with title A, subtitle X, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. S
CIENCE  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for science activi-ties in carrying out the purposes of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or fa-cility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and purchase of not more than 17 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only, including one ambu-lance and one bus, $5,400,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $184,697,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direc-tion. N
UCLEAR WASTE DISPOSAL  For nuclear waste disposal activities to carry out the purposes of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (Public Law 97–425), in-cluding the acquisition of real property or facility construction or expansion, $150,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, and to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be made available to affected units of local government, as defined in section 2(31) of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.140 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3078 May 24, 2016 
Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101(31)), to support the Yucca Mountain geologic repository, as authorized by such Act. A
DVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY — E
NERGY  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out the activities author-ized by section 5012 of the America COM-PETES Act (42 U.S.C. 16538), $305,889,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $29,250,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for pro-gram direction. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF  
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 49, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $19,111,000)’’. Page 50, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $19,111,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. E MMER of Minnesota). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer a bipartisan amendment with Representatives G
IBSON , PETERS , DOLD, and S
WALWELL of California, to in-crease funding for the Advanced Re-search Project Agency-Energy, other-wise known as ARPA-E. I offered similar bipartisan amend-ments many times in the past, and they have passed with bipartisan sup-port. The House bill includes roughly $306 million for ARPA-E this year, which is an improvement over prior years, but it still falls $44 million below the Presi-dent’s request. This amendment would not make up the full deficit of $44 million, but would increase funding for ARPA-E by $19 million with the offset taken from the administrative account. With this amendment, the House bill would fund ARPA-E at $325 million. That is the same level as the Senate bill, which acted in a bipartisan fashion to in-crease funding. While passage of the amendment would mean that ARPA-E is still funded well below the Presi-dent’s request, it will reinforce our commitment to supporting high-risk, high-reward, and game-changing re-search. ARPA-E is a revolutionary program that advances high-potential, high-im-pact energy technologies that are sim-ply too early for market investment. ARPA-E projects have the potential to radically improve U.S. economic secu-rity, national security, and environ-mental well-being. ARPA-E empowers America’s energy researchers with funding, technical assistance, and mar-ket readiness. ARPA-E is modeled after the highly successful Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA, which has produced groundbreaking inventions for the Department of Defense and the Nation. Energy is a national security issue. It is an economic imperative. It is a health concern. It is an environmental necessity. Investing wisely in this type of research going on at ARPA-E is ex-actly the direction we should be going as a nation. We want to lead the energy revolution. We don’t want to see this advantage go to China or some other country. If we are serious about staying in the forefront of the energy revolution, we must continue to fully invest in the kind of cutting-edge work that ARPA- E represents. By providing this addi-tional funding with the offset, we will send a clear signal of the seriousness of our intent to remain the world leader. I have a couple of my GOP colleagues who wanted to speak, Mr. GIBSON and Mr. D
OLD. I don’t know if they are present. Mr. Chairman, I urge support for the bipartisan measure. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
TITLE 17 INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY LOAN G
UARANTEE PROGRAM  Such sums as are derived from amounts re-ceived from borrowers pursuant to section 1702(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16512(b)) under this heading in prior Acts, shall be collected in accordance with section 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided, That for necessary ad-ministrative expenses to carry out this Loan Guarantee program, $37,000,000 is appro-priated, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further, That $30,000,000 of the fees collected pursuant to section 1702(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 shall be credited as offsetting collections to this ac-count to cover administrative expenses and shall remain available until expended, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropria-tion from the general fund estimated at not more than $7,000,000: Provided further, That fees collected under section 1702(h) in excess of the amount appropriated for administra-tive expenses shall not be available until ap-propriated: Provided further, That the De-partment of Energy shall not subordinate any loan obligation to other financing in vio-lation of section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 or subordinate any Guaranteed Obligation to any loan or other debt obliga-tions in violation of section 609.10 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WEBER OF TEXAS  
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 49, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000)’’. Page 80, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. b2030 Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise to offer a commonsense amend-ment to the Energy and Water Appro-priations bill that I would think all Members can support. First, I want to thank Chairman SIMPSON for his work on this legisla-tion and for continuing to prioritize the needs of the Nation’s harbors and waterways. One of the most important respon-sibilities of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee is to conduct oversight of the DOE programs under the committee’s jurisdiction, Mr. Chairman. This includes the DOE Loan Pro-grams Office. Our commitment to rig-orous oversight has led us to request that this office provide us with their internal watch list, which describes each loan in their current portfolio that DOE has determined to have exist-ing or potential challenges that may impact repayment or to be at risk of default. Can you say ‘‘Solyndra,’’ Mr. Chairman? This request was made in December, and, to date, the Depart-ment of Energy has refused. The DOE Loan Guarantee Program has a track record of failed loans. In March, reports surfaced that a solar power company with $1.6 billion in tax-payer loan guarantees could fail to meet its contractual obligations and be shut down. This is the kind of potential failure, Mr. Chairman, that taxpayers can least afford. Full congressional oversight of this program is absolutely necessary. The DOE has no justifica-tion for withholding this list from Con-gress. My amendment, Mr. Chairman, would reduce the program’s adminis-trative budget by $7 million of Treas-ury funds, but leave in place the $30 million the DOE collects from fees gen-erated by existing loan guarantee re-cipients. These fees are used to mon-itor and oversee the existing loan guar-antee portfolio. In the past year, DOE has announced several new loan solicitations. How-ever, the Department’s failure to re-spond to a congressional inquiry leaves us seeing red. That is what is wrong with our budget. Now the deficit is in the red. This requires us to act to protect taxpayer funds, Mr. Chairman. This amendment would simply prevent the Department from issuing new loans until it has complied with our inves-tigation and provides the requested documents to our committee. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, while I share my colleague’s concern regarding the Loan Guarantee Program and the nonresponse from the Department to the Science, Space, and Technology 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.079 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3079 May 24, 2016 
Committee that has requested the in-formation—and I will guarantee you that I will do all I can to make sure that they do respond to that—the elimination of the funding would hurt Federal oversight of more than $8 bil-lion in loan guarantees that are al-ready out there. The committee recommendation only provides costs the program needs to monitor loans and conduct the proper oversight to ensure taxpayer funds are being effectively managed, and you should have access to that information that you have requested. Let me be clear. The funds provided in this bill support administrative op-erations only. Further, the bill rejects the President’s request for new loan guarantee authority. The loans already committed will re-quire oversight for many years to come. Eliminating these funds for this administrative function is the wrong approach and effectively removes the government’s ability to retrieve bil-lions of dollars in loan fees. Therefore, I have to oppose this amendment, but I understand why the gentleman is offering it. I would say that I will work with you to make sure that the Department is more respon-sive to the requests of the committees. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman very much for yielding and join him in opposing this, I think, well-intentioned amendment. The amendment would actually cut funding for the oversight of existing loans. I don’t think, in view of some of the things that have happened in the past, that is the best course. The program has had a significant beneficial impact on innovative energy projects coast to coast that are gener-ating energy today. Therefore, I would agree with the chairman in opposing the amendment. I urge my colleagues to support our efforts to vote ‘‘no’’ at this time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, in my district on the Gulf Coast of Texas, which is laden with energy—and I agree with Mr. S
CHIFF of California that energy is a national security issue—we have to have agencies that are focused on energy, on programs, on loan guarantees, where Americans get the most bang for their buck. These agencies must be accountable. They have to understand that Congress has to be in the driver’s seat and is in the driver’s seat. We need to hold them accountable. They need to provide us with that list. While I appreciate my colleague from Idaho’s willingness to work with us to make sure that the agency complies, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s com-ments. We are going to have to get their attention. They have fees to con-tinue to run their program that they collect from those companies that they actually make the loan guarantees to. I have to insist that we get their at-tention. My colleagues in the 14th Con-gressional District of the State of Texas want us to rein in some of these agencies and make them accountable to the elected representatives of the American people. So I have to insist that I push forward with this amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WELCH  
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, and I ask unanimous consent to offer it at this point in the reading. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Vermont? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 46, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. Page 72, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Vermont and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Vermont. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, the northern border region, from Maine, to New Hampshire, to Vermont, to New York, is a particularly hard hit eco-nomic area. The Northern Border Re-gional Commission has been a tremen-dous asset to help folks across that re-gion—by the way, inhabited by Repub-licans and Democrats—to start reviv-ing their economy. The Commission is modeled, by the way, after the Appalachian Regional Commission and provides Federal funds for critical economic and community development projects throughout the Northeast. These lead to new jobs and stronger communities. Importantly, the Northern Border Regional Commission helps orient Fed-eral appropriations toward State- prioritized projects. The State is very much a player in allocating where this money goes. Through the collective vote of the Governors of these States, they coordi-nate with the Federal co-chair to rank the funding applications. This ensures accountability and effectiveness. It has worked. In Vermont, for instance, the Com-mission has helped fund a number of projects: $226,000 for Lyndon State Col-lege to establish a new 4-year degree in hospitality and tourism management, one of the big drivers of our economy in the Northern Border Region; $250,000 to the Northern Community Invest-ment Corporation for telecommuni-cations infrastructure that rural areas have to have; and $250,000 to the Vermont Agency of Transportation to connect with the Washington Railroad network in Barton, Vermont. The Commission is having a simi-larly positive effect across the North-east: New York, New Hampshire, Maine, as well as Vermont. Our amend-ment recognizes the effective work the Commission is doing and the large need that remains unmet by restoring fund-ing for the program to last year’s level of $7.5 million. We are trying to avoid a cut, and we are trying to maintain level funding. The increase in funding will go a long way in the communities across the northern border to help them revitalize their economy. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, first let me say that I understand the gen-tleman’s concerns for the economic hardships of his region and appreciate his passion on this issue. His amend-ment would be an increase of 50 percent above the funding in the bill. Additionally, the amendment would pay for that increase with a cut to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve account. The bill funds the Reserve account at the budget request in order to ensure the continued operability of the Re-serve. This funding will provide for the basic annual costs as well as addressing some of the deferred maintenance backlog. I know it doesn’t always sound excit-ing, but the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve is a Federal asset that must be properly maintained. It contributes to our Nation’s energy security and eco-nomic stability. For these reasons, I must oppose the amendment. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Vermont will be postponed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.150 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3080 May 24, 2016 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY VEHICLES  M
ANUFACTURING LOANPROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative expenses necessary in carrying out the Ad-vanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  For salaries and expenses of the Depart-ment of Energy necessary for departmental administration in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $233,971,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2018, in-cluding the hire of passenger motor vehicles and official reception and representation ex-penses not to exceed $30,000, plus such addi-tional amounts as necessary to cover in-creases in the estimated amount of cost of work for others notwithstanding the provi-sions of the Anti-Deficiency Act (31 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.): Provided, That such increases in cost of work are offset by revenue increases of the same or greater amount: Provided fur-ther, That moneys received by the Depart-ment for miscellaneous revenues estimated to total $103,000,000 in fiscal year 2017 may be retained and used for operating expenses within this account, as authorized by section 201 of Public Law 95–238, notwithstanding the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 3302: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $130,971,000: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $31,000,000 is for Energy Policy and Systems Analysis. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 50, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. (Mr. ELLISON asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, we can raise living standards for working fam-ilies all across the United States if we use the Federal dollars to create good jobs. My amendment would reprogram funds to create an Office of Good Jobs in the Department of Energy that would help ensure that the Depart-ment’s procurement grant making and regulatory decisions encourage the cre-ation of decently paid jobs, collective bargaining rights, and responsible em-ployment practices. Right now the U.S. Government is America’s leading low-wage job cre-ator, funding over 2 million poverty jobs through contracts, loans, and grants with corporate America. That is more than the total number of low- wage workers employed by Walmart and McDonald’s combined. This is a fact, Mr. Chairman, and I think it should alarm all of us. The Federal Government should not lead the race to the bottom for poorly paid low-wage jobs. U.S. contract workers earn so little that nearly 40 percent use public as-sistance programs, Mr. Chairman, like food stamps and section 8, to feed and shelter their families. To add insult to injury, many of these low-wage U.S. contract workers are driven deeper into poverty because their employers steal their wages and break other Federal labor laws. Not all. Many Federal contractors are excel-lent, but some do steal wages, and they tend to get away with it. Take, for example, the story of Edilicia Banegas. Edilicia is a single mom. Edilicia worked for 7 years at the Ronald Reagan Building food court, a Federal building. Her employer stole her wages, paid her with cash under the table, used checks from two different establish-ments in the same food court to avoid paying her overtime, and retaliated against her when she and her cowork-ers stood up for their rights. Edilicia has been on strike several times to highlight the plight of low- wage Federal contract workers in Washington, D.C., and across the coun-try. Well, what about the story of Mayra Tito. Mayra is a Pentagon food court worker who was fired for challenging her managers to comply with labor laws and for going on strike multiple times. She is a first-generation immigrant struggling to pay her tuition at George Mason University and now works odd jobs to make ends meet. Her experience at the Pentagon has inspired her to go to law school to help workers defend their rights. Mr. Chairman, research shows that Federal contractors break Federal laws somewhat on a regular basis. A U.S. Senate report, for example, found that over 30 percent of the biggest penalties for lawbreaking were filed against the biggest U.S. contractors, people who the procurement process got money from the U.S. taxpayer. b2045 But workers aren’t the only ones who would benefit from this new office. This new office would also benefit law- abiding businesses and high-road em-ployers—employers who play by the rules but who get put at a competitive disadvantage because they obey the law. The Office of Good Jobs would di-rect taxpayer dollars to American busi-nesses that play by the rules and en-sure that cheaters don’t get a leg up. It is unfair to make law-abiding com-panies compete with contractors who are willing to cut corners. Think about it: you are a law-abiding company that fought hard for that contract, but now the Federal Government is going to give it to your competitors who are willing to steal from their workers? Plus, we know that contractors who consistently adhere to labor laws are more likely to have greater produc-tivity and an increased likelihood of timely, predictable, and successful de-livery of goods and services to the Fed-eral Government. Bad contractors usu-ally not only cheat workers, but they cheat the Federal Government by poor performance. In conclusion, Mr. Chair, these are tax dollars that should be used to build the middle class, to support high-road employers, and to provide the best pos-sible service to the American public. An Office of Good Jobs would achieve that. Abandon the days when the U.S. Government was the leading funder of low-wage jobs. After all, Mr. Chair, when you and I and all of the other tax-payers have to fund low-wage workers with section 8 and food stamps, that comes out of our pockets. Make these folks pay their workers right. Let’s set up an Office of Good Jobs. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, this amendment, basically, is duplicative and ignores the existing responsible contractor award system that is al-ready in place. Contracting officers must already consult the System for Award Management to ensure a con-tractor can be awarded a contract. Businesses on the Excluded Parties List System have been suspended or debarred through a due process system and may not be eligible to receive or renew contracts for such cited offenses. The best way to ensure the govern-ment contracts or provides grants to the best employers is to enforce the ex-isting suspension and debarment sys-tem. Bad actors who are in violation of basic worker protections should not be awarded Federal contracts. We all agree with that. That is why the Fed-eral Government already has a system in place to deny Federal contracts to bad actors. If a contractor fails to maintain high standards of integrity and business ethics, agencies already have the authority to suspend or debar the employer from government con-tracting. In 2014, Federal agencies issued more than 1,000 suspensions and nearly 2,000 debarments to employers who bid on Federal contracts. The amendment will delay the pro-curement process with harmful con-sequences to our Nation’s nuclear safe-ty and security. On numerous occa-sions, the nonpartisan Government Ac-countability Office has highlighted costly litigation stemming from the complex regulatory rules, including from the Fair Labor Standards Act. This amendment punishes employers who may unknowingly or unwillingly get caught in the Federal Govern-ment’s maze of bureaucratic rules and reporting requirements. The procurement process is already plagued by delays and inefficiencies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.153 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3081 May 24, 2016 
This amendment will make these prob-lems worse for the Department of En-ergy—the second largest contracting agency outside of the Department of Defense—further delaying critical sup-port for national nuclear security oper-ations. This amendment will work against those who are working hard to protect the Department of Energy and the Army Corps of Engineers assets, which is inconceivable given the safety needs of our Nation. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 15 seconds remain-ing. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, let’s have an Office of Good Jobs that makes sure that the Federal Government leads the example in creating good jobs, not en-courages a race to the bottom as we are doing now. This is a good amend-ment, and if we want to restore the American middle class, all Members should vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Chair, it is intended that the appropria-tion for Departmental Administration be used to establish an Office of Good Jobs in the De-partment aimed at ensuring that the Depart-ment’s procurement, grant-making, and regu-latory decisions encourage the creation of de-cently paid jobs, collective bargaining rights, and responsible employment practices. The office’s structure shall be substantially similar to the Centers for Faith-Based and Neighbor-hood Partnerships located within the Depart-ment of Education, Department of Housing and Urban Development, Department of Homeland Security, Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Labor, De-partment of Agriculture, Department of Com-merce, Department of Veterans Affairs, U.S. Department of State, Small Business Adminis-tration, Environmental Protection Agency, Cor-poration for National and Community Service, and U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $44,424,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018. ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION WEAPONS ACTIVITIES  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for atomic energy defense weapons activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $9,285,147,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $97,118,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direc-tion: Provided further, That of the unobli-gated balances from prior year appropria-tions available under this heading, $42,000,000 is hereby rescinded: Provided further, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for de-fense nuclear nonproliferation activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $1,821,916,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds provided by this Act for Project 99–D– 143, Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility, and by prior Acts that remain unobligated for such Project, may be made available only for construction and program support activi-ties for such Project: Provided further, That of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available under this heading, $14,000,000 is hereby rescinded: Provided fur-ther, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 53, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 54, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Rhode Island and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I offer this amendment with my good friend and colleague, Congressman L
ARSEN of Washington, to support the continued assessment of the feasibility of using low-enriched uranium, or LEU, in naval reactor fuel that would meet military requirements for aircraft car-riers and submarines. Using low-enriched uranium in naval reactor fuel brings significant national security benefits related to nuclear nonproliferation; it could lower secu-rity costs and support naval reactor re-search and development at the cutting edge of nuclear science. As we continue to face the threat of nuclear terrorism and as countries con-tinue to develop naval fuel for military purposes, the imperative to reduce the use of highly enriched uranium, or HEU, will become increasingly impor-tant over the next several decades. Using LEU for naval reactors is not an impossible task. France’s nuclear navy already has converted from HEU to LEU fuel. We must evaluate the fea-sibility for the U.S. Navy as well and take into account the potential bene-fits to U.S. and international security of setting a norm for using LEU in-stead of nuclear bomb-grade material. Furthermore, the U.S. Navy will even-tually exhaust its supply of highly en-riched uranium. Unless an alternative to using low- enriched uranium fuel is developed in the coming decades, the United States would have to resume its production of bomb-grade uranium for the first time since 1992, ultimately undermining U.S. nonproliferation efforts. Last year, on a bipartisan basis, Con-gress authorized and appropriated first- year funding in FY16 for naval LEU fuel R&D. Already, this year, the House Armed Services Committee and the Senate Appropriations Committee have again supported LEU R&D efforts. It is now critical that the full House provide funding for this critical research that is paramount to our national security interests. This $5 million in funding would support the early testing and manufacturing development that is re-quired to advance the LEU technology for use in naval fuel, yielding signifi-cant benefits for nuclear nonprolifera-tion as well as security cost savings. The time has come to invest in new technologies to address this threat and to reduce the reliance on highly en-riched uranium. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I hope that the majority will join with me in supporting this. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I must in-sist on my point of order. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will state his point of order. Mr. SIMPSON. The amendment pro-poses to amend portions of the bill not yet read. The amendment may not be consid-ered en bloc under clause 2(f) of rule XXI because the amendment proposes to increase the level of outlays in the bill. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.156 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3082 May 24, 2016 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Rhode Island? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 53, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 54, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Rhode Island and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, now that the technical correction was made to the amendment, my argument stands as to the previous amendment. As I said, the goal of the amendment is to allow R&D to take place using LEU, low-enriched uranium, for naval reactor fuel that would meet military requirements for aircraft carriers and submarines. As I said, this is already done by France in their nuclear navy, which has already converted from using HEU to LEU fuel. This is a much more secure and stable fuel than using HEU. Again, the Navy will exhaust its fuel at some point in the coming decades, and unless we have an alternative fuel that would power our nuclear aircraft carriers and nuclear submarines, we would have to start producing weap-ons-grade uranium, once again, for fuel in powering our aircraft carriers and submarines. By switching over to LEU, it would, ultimately, reduce costs, be more secure, and provide a long-term fuel for powering our Navy. This is a commonsense approach, as I said with regard to the previous amendment be-fore the technical correction was made. Last year, the Congress, on a bipar-tisan basis, authorized and appro-priated first-year funding for FY16 for Navy LEU fuel in R&D. Already, this year, the House Armed Services Com-mittee and the Senate Appropriations Committee have again supported LEU R&D efforts. I believe now the time is critical that the full House provide funding for this critical research that is paramount to our national security interests. It sup-ports R&D, and it gives our Navy op-tions for powering our nuclear carriers and submarines. I would ask that my colleagues sup-port the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 53, lines 11 through 16, strike ‘‘ Pro- vided’’ through ‘‘Provided further’’ and insert ‘‘Provided’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just heard the most interesting dis-cussion a few moments ago about high-ly enriched uranium. In fact, we are in the process of spending several billions of dollars in rebuilding our highly en-riched uranium facility so that we can produce more nuclear weapons. The subject of this amendment is about old nuclear weapons. We have some 30-plus metric tons of unused plu-tonium that is sitting in various stor-age facilities around the United States. We have designed, in an agreement with Russia, to dispose of about 30 met-ric tons of that plutonium, and Russia has agreed to dispose of a little bit more than we are going to dispose of. This was all supposed to be done at the Mixed Oxide Fuel Facility in South Carolina, at the Savannah River facil-ity. b2100 It is going to cost about a billion dol-lars back in 2001. The estimate in 2014 was $7.7 billion. And in 2015, the esti-mate is some $30 billion, and most peo-ple say it isn’t going to work. So we have sinkholes for money, and we have black holes for money. And this is the ultimate black hole into which perhaps $30 billion will be spent. And, at the end of the day, it will prob-ably create more problems and not solve the problem of the 30-or-so metric tons of plutonium that actually came out of various bombs that have been dismantled over the last several years. So why are we continuing? In the appropriation bill, it calls for $340 million to be spent on construc-tion of a facility that the Department of Energy says shouldn’t be built. But, hey, we are the Congress and we can throw around $340 million with great aplomb and not even worry about it. So this is a very simple amendment. It doesn’t save us the $340 million, which is what we really ought to do. What this amendment really does is say: don’t spend it on further con-structing this useless—well, not use-less—but totally expensive facility, the MOX facility. Don’t waste the money on this boondoggle. And we can spend the money on maybe what the Department of Energy thinks we ought to do, which is to di-lute and dispose or maybe we could build a fast reactor, which we actually have built in the past and which Russia is actually using to dispose of its pluto-nium. They are generating energy in doing so while disposing of their un-used plutonium. So why don’t we just accept this amendment and eliminate the con-struction clause? Keep the $340 million in South Carolina so that they could be happy and maybe they could spend it on something that might actually work. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman M
IKESIMPSON  for his leadership. I rise today in opposition to the amendment and in support of the mixed oxide fuel fabrication facility, or the MOX project, which is located at the Savannah River site in Aiken and Barnwell, South Carolina, adjacent to Augusta, Georgia. I support the facility for a very sim-ple reason. It is the only viable method of permanently disposing of weapons- grade plutonium and turning it into green fuel for nuclear reactors. Furthermore, it is the only means of upholding our nuclear nonproliferation agreement with the Russian Federa-tion. I say so with the background of myself having served as the Deputy General Counsel of the Department of Energy and the only person currently serving in Congress who has ever worked at the Savannah River site. The citizens of South Carolina ac-cepted nuclear waste under the pledge by the Department of Energy that there would be a facility to process and remove the plutonium. After years of empty promises, the actions by this ad-ministration to close MOX with no via-ble alternative makes South Carolina a repository for nuclear waste, putting the people of South Carolina and Geor-gia at risk. The facility is nearly 70 percent com-pleted. There has been a shortsighted decision to terminate the MOX project without appropriate considerations. The administration has failed to com-plete a rebaselining of the MOX project, as required by law. The administration has failed to con-sult key partners, including the EPA or the State of New Mexico as a receiv-ing location. The administration can-not definitely state that the Waste Iso-lation Pilot Plant has the capacity for 34 tons of weapons-grade plutonium or even if it will reopen. The administration has failed to communicate with Russia about the plan to close MOX, causing Vladimir Putin to not attend the recent nuclear summit in Washington. Putin himself stated: ‘‘This is not what we agreed on. ‘‘But serious issues, especially with regard to nuclear arms, are quite a dif-ferent matter and one should be able to meet one’s obligations.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.160 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3083 May 24, 2016 
MOX is a proven technology. It has worked overseas. It is crucial for our national security, and any decision to halt or alter its mission should only be carried out after a thorough and care-ful evaluation. I urge my colleagues to support MOX, to stand up for our national se-curity initiatives, to support the only viable alternative for plutonium dis-position, and to reject the amendment. I am grateful that today the U.S. Chamber of Commerce has issued a let-ter in support of MOX: ‘‘The Chamber opposes any efforts to reduce funding for National Nuclear Security Administration’s mixed-oxide (MOX) fuel facility at the Department of Energy’s Savannah River Site. This project is critical to honoring the United States’ Plutonium Disposition Protocol and the advancement of do-mestic nuclear fuel production.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 1
3⁄4minutes re-maining. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, with great respect for my friend from South Carolina, who is a most able advocate for his neighborhood, the MOX facility is the ultimate sinkhole for Federal dollars. In fact, there is a viable alternative, and there are quite possibly two dif-ferent viable alternatives. One is the Russian fast reactor. We have our own fast reactor. It clearly is disposing of the plutonium stockpile in Russia and creating energy along the way that they are using. We also have our own fast reactor systems that have been built in the past, and they could be via-ble and could be located at the Savan-nah River facility to dispose of the plu-tonium. We are going to need to come to some conclusion here. This is a debate that we really must have. The Senate has two different versions, and the House has two different versions about what to do. Maybe the gentleman and I could wrestle and we could decide which one is the version we would actually take on here. This does not stop the facility. It simply says to stop construction, use the money to look at designs, use the money to look for ongoing solutions, which the gentleman, I believe, is in-correct. But if he is right, it could be the MOX facility. But we need to solve this problem. It is a very, very serious problem. We are required by a treaty with Russia to dis-pose of our unused plutonium, which is another amendment that I will take up at the end of the day, but I will talk about that much later tonight. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gen-tleman from South Carolina. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chair, usually Congressman G
ARAMENDI and I agree on issues like small monitor reactors. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from California has expired. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, this debate has been going on for a while. I appre-ciate what the gentleman is saying. I have been having this debate with the Secretary of Energy for some time. I understand where the people from South Carolina are coming from. We are talking about jobs and we are talk-ing about the economy. I don’t have a dog in this fight, but what I do have is responsibility as chairman of this committee. Five years from now, we are not sitting up here talking about the same thing, an-other chairman and another Secretary of Energy and another President. The Department of Energy is famous for starting programs and getting half-way down and then spending billions of dollars and then walking away from them. Yucca Mountain is the biggest hole in the ground—they spent $14 bil-lion to build—than anything I have ever seen. And it is not the only thing that the Department of Energy has done. But they come to us now and say: Hey, we have a plan and it is going to be cheaper. We think that MOX is going to cost $30 billion. Other people say: Nah, that is a stretch. We are looking more like 20 or something like that. Nobody can get the numbers right, so we ask them to rebaseline it. They haven’t done that. But they come to us and say: We have a plan. We think that what we ought to do is just dilute this stuff and then dispose of it. Okay. Great. What is that going to take? Well, first of all, we have a treaty with Russia. Have the Russians agreed to this? Well, no, but we think they will. Well, you know, there are a lot of things I think that my wife will agree to that she doesn’t in the long run. So we are going to go out and we are going to stop construction of this on the hope that the Russians are going to agree with us. Of course, we have such a good relationship going on with them right now. But the Department says: Oh, I think they will be okay, and they have indicated they are willing to talk. Okay. We are going to dispose of it. Where are we going to dispose of it? WIPP? WIPP is shut down right now, but we are going to get WIPP reopened. Is that where we are going to put it? Is WIPP large enough to hold this? Are we going to have to do another land withdrawal in New Mexico? Is the State of New Mexico okay with this? Well, we don’t know. We haven’t talked to them yet. So what you want to do is stop this before you have a plan of what you want to do with it, and that is just crazy. And that is my problem. If the Department would come to us and say that the Russians have agreed to amend the treaty, and New Mexico has agreed that they will take the stuff, then maybe we could have a seri-ous discussion. But right now, it is just all pie in the sky. I will tell you that if you really don’t care about the treaty and you really don’t care about where they dispose of it—dispose of it in New Mexico—the cheapest thing to do is just store it, but nobody wants to do that. So all we are saying is let’s be rea-sonable on this and let’s recognize that you have a facility here that is 67 per-cent complete. I think we ought to go down the same road. Although there are others, I have to admit, that look at $340 million—and probably it will be $500 million when it gets going as we continue, as construction ramps up— but look at that as: Oh, that is taking money out of my programs in my town, and I don’t want that to happen. So let’s stop MOX, and that means my fa-vorite project will get more money. I know there is a lot of that going on, too. So I understand where the gen-tleman is coming from. There are other people that agree with him. There are people on my side of the aisle that come up and ask why are we spending money on that boondoggle? It is not a boondoggle. The fact is it is supposed to create MOX fuel. While the Department says there are no energy companies that want the MOX fuel, that is not true. There are some who would sign long-term agree-ments. The problem is they see this de-bate and are wondering whether we are going to have any or not. But the prob-lem is the Department won’t come to us with a solid proposal that we can rely on that is an alternative that we could weigh one against the other. I don’t want 5 years or 10 years from now a chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies at that time and a Secretary of Energy to be down on the street corner arguing about: Well, gee, we stopped MOX. We got that big ce-ment pile out there. We stopped con-struction on that. We have a problem with New Mexico, and the Russians are on our back. They won’t do anything about the treaty. What are we going to do? Let’s think of something else. So until somebody has a reasonable alternative that they could compare it to and the cost to, we need to continue with this MOX project. And that is why the funding is in there for this bill and that is why we will fight for it in con-ference, even though the Senate, I know, wants to stop it and do other things. So, anyway, that is why that is there. I appreciate what the gentleman is doing. I understand his concerns. Other people have those concerns, but the right path for us to follow is to continue the project that currently ex-ists. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.164 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3084 May 24, 2016 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I have great respect for Congressman G
ARAMENDI . I know how thoughtful he is, and nor-mally I do support his efforts. I have to say that, in this instance, I think the priority has to be on com-pleting construction of MOX. I think there was a reference made tonight that 67 percent of the construction is already completed. 90 percent of the equipment has been procured. 50 per-cent of the equipment is onsite. 1,800 people are directly employed. 4,000 American contractors and suppliers are being utilized in 43 States. And MOX is the only proven pathway we have for disposing of the 34 metric tons of U.S. weapons-grade plutonium in a prag-matic way. I have to say that one of my goals in supporting this effort—having worked now with the Department of Energy on a number of programs, my goodness, it seems never to be able to finish any-thing. So we talk about Yucca Moun-tain—the chairman of the sub-committee made significant reference to that—billions of dollars and a hole sits in the ground unused. Back when Jimmy Carter was Presi-dent, he had a goal of putting solar panels on the Department of Energy. It didn’t happen until recently. I mean, it has been three decades, four decades, before they could even finish some-thing like that. b2115 We look at Hanford and the cleanup that is necessary there. I mean, how many more centuries is it going to take? The one thing we can say about MOX, yes, it is treaty required and we are trying to meet our treaty obliga-tions, but it is moving toward comple-tion. I mean, this is a miracle for the De-partment of Energy. Perhaps fast reac-tor might be better. But how do we know it won’t cost an equal amount or more? We know South Carolina wants this. The Congressman from the region is here. If we talk about WIPP, how do we know they even want the material? We have all these problems like Yucca Mountain. We have material we want to bury in the ground, and then the people say in the State that you build the facility: Well, now we don’t want it. So, frankly, of all the subcommittees I have served on or full committee—I have served on a majority of them—I have never seen a department that can’t get its act together and get the work done. So as much as I respect you, Con-gressman G
ARAMENDI , and you are right on so many efforts, I think to stop this project now with more than two-thirds of it constructed and hun-dreds of contracts let with vendors in 43 States—canceling those would ex-pose our government to major liability and court costs from lawsuits and so forth. The House bill prioritizes funds for national security to allow the United States to uphold its worthy non-proliferation and disarmament goals, which we share, and focuses on com-pleting the MOX facility at the Savan-nah River site in the most cost-effec-tive manner that the Department is ca-pable of doing. I really think that we need to get it done. We are close to doing that. We don’t need another disaster sit-ting out there that is unused or this delay and stop and delay and hesi-tation and uncertainty and so forth. We need to complete this. We need to take care of the spent plutonium in a very responsible manner. I share the chairman’s perspective on this and continue to hold the author of the amendment—Congressman GARAMENDI —in the highest regard. I share your desire for nonproliferation. I think one of the best things we can do is get this material processed and leave the world a safer place in our time and generation. I do oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. The MOX facility at the Savannah River Site is absolutely crucial to our environmental clean-up missions, which produces green fuel, and national security. The MOX facility is already over 70% com-pleted, and is the best way to uphold the Plu-tonium Management and Disposition Agree-ment, our nuclear non-proliferation agreement with Russia. The Waste Isolation Pilot Plant facility has been absolutely riddled with problems and shutdowns in recent years. Not only would we be unable to fulfill our international obligations, but eliminating the MOX facility would make the Savannah River Site a de facto permanent repository for nu-clear waste. This is absurd—we need to deposit our nu-clear waste at a geographically stable site in a largely uninhabited area. We have already identified the best location for permanent stor-age—Yucca Mountain in Nevada. Until we restart the process for storing our nuclear waste at the Yucca Mountain site, it would be incredibly irresponsible to allow the nuclear waste to build up at a less safe and less stable site when we could be processing this material at the MOX facility and convert our plutonium into fuel that can be used at our commercial nuclear reactors. Unfortunately, this amendment to eliminate funding to the MOX facility is counter-productive and short-sighted. I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
NAVAL REACTORS  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for naval reactors activities to carry out the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the ac-quisition (by purchase, condemnation, con-struction, or otherwise) of real property, plant, and capital equipment, facilities, and facility expansion, $1,420,120,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $44,100,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for program direc-tion. FEDERAL SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for Federal Sala-ries and Expenses in the National Nuclear Security Administration, $382,387,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2018, in-cluding official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $12,000. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 54, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. Page 56, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, the $500,000 in funds will be for sites where remediation is currently being con-ducted by the Office of Legacy Manage-ment at DOE in accordance with the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act, called CERCLA—these are called CERCLA sites—and/or the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, RCRA. So it is CERCLA sites and RCRA sites. There are eight of them in seven different States. There are two in Ohio, one in California, one in Kentucky, one in Utah, one in Florida, one in Colo-rado, and one in Mississippi. In Colorado, Rocky Flats, which is a now-shuttered nuclear weapons plant, has oversight by DOE. They do some water testing, but downwind and down-stream communities have concerns about potential contamination. These funds will help complete test-ing, which is vital for scientific knowl-edge, for public confidence, and for public health. We need them as we move forward with various uses of the land and properties in the area, includ-ing, in the case of Rocky Flats, open-ing to extensive public visitation. Several municipalities and commu-nities in my district have voted to ask for more soil samples. The portion they have asked for this regarding is both on Fish and Wildlife- and DOE-man-aged areas. I personally have heard from many scientists, residents, even somebody who investigated the former Rocky Flats plant 30 years ago, who feel that it is very important that we make sure that the downstream areas and the site are not still contaminated and not haz-ardous for human visitors. We need to have the proper science by testing the air, water and soil, rel-atively low-cost propositions that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.165 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3085 May 24, 2016 
would be funded by this small change from administrative accounts. These funds, to be clear, would be applied to all CERCLA lands, such as Rocky Flats and the others. Mr. Chairman, to conclude, I am very grateful to work with the committee and their staff on this important test-ing for CERCLA and RCRA lands like those at Rocky Flats and in the other seven States. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES D
EFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for atomic energy defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, and the purchase of not to exceed one fire apparatus pumper truck, one aerial lift truck, one refuse truck, and one semi-truck for replacement only, $5,226,950,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $290,050,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, for program direction: Pro- vided further, That of such amount, $26,800,000 shall be available for the purpose of a pay-ment by the Secretary of Energy to the State of New Mexico for road improvements in accordance with section 15(b) of the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant Land Withdrawal Act (Public Law 102–579): Provided further, That the amount made available by the previous proviso shall be separate from any appropria-tions of funds for the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant. O
THER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses, necessary for atomic energy defense, other defense activities, and classi-fied activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the ac-quisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $776,425,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $254,230,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, for program direction. POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS B
ONNEVILLE POWER ADMINISTRATION FUND Expenditures from the Bonneville Power Administration Fund, established pursuant to Public Law 93–454, are approved for offi-cial reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $5,000: Provided, That during fiscal year 2017, no new direct loan obligations may be made. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHEASTERN  P
OWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, including transmission wheeling and ancil-lary services, pursuant to section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the southeastern power area, $1,000,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944, up to $1,000,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of fund-ing the annual expenses of the Southeastern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual ex-penses shall be reduced as collections are re-ceived during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation esti-mated at not more than $0: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $60,760,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be cred-ited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual ex-penses means expenditures that are gen-erally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , S
OUTHWESTERN POWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, for construction and acquisition of trans-mission lines, substations and appurtenant facilities, and for administrative expenses, including official reception and representa-tion expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500 in carrying out section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the Southwestern Power Administration, $45,643,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), up to $34,586,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Admin-istration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to re-main available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southwestern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appro-priated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $11,057,000: Provided further, That notwith-standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $73,000,000 col-lected by the Southwestern Power Adminis-tration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of mak-ing purchase power and wheeling expendi-tures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (ex-cluding purchase power and wheeling ex-penses). C
ONSTRUCTION , R EHABILITATION , O PERATION  
AND MAINTENANCE , WESTERN AREA POWER  A
DMINISTRATION  For carrying out the functions authorized by title III, section 302(a)(1)(E) of the Act of August 4, 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7152), and other re-lated activities including conservation and renewable resources programs as authorized, $307,144,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $299,742,000 shall be derived from the Department of the Interior Rec-lamation Fund: Provided, That notwith-standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), and sec-tion 1 of the Interior Department Appropria-tion Act, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 392a), up to $211,563,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collec-tions, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual ex-penses of the Western Area Power Adminis-tration: Provided further, That the sum here-in appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $95,581,000, of which $88,179,000 is derived from the Reclamation Fund: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $367,009,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 and the Reclama-tion Project Act of 1939 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be cred-ited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual ex-penses means expenditures that are gen-erally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). FALCON AND AMISTAD OPERATING AND  M
AINTENANCE FUND For operation, maintenance, and emer-gency costs for the hydroelectric facilities at the Falcon and Amistad Dams, $4,070,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Falcon and Amistad Oper-ating and Maintenance Fund of the Western Area Power Administration, as provided in section 2 of the Act of June 18, 1954 (68 Stat. 255): Provided, That notwithstanding the pro-visions of that Act and of 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $3,838,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services from the Falcon and Amistad Dams shall be credited to this ac-count as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the hydroelectric facilities of these Dams and associated Western Area Power Adminis-tration activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $232,000: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, an-nual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2017, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration may ac-cept up to $323,000 in funds contributed by United States power customers of the Falcon and Amistad Dams for deposit into the Fal-con and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund, and such funds shall be available for the purpose for which contributed in like manner as if said sums had been specifically appropriated for such purpose: Provided fur-ther, That any such funds shall be available without further appropriation and without fiscal year limitation for use by the Commis-sioner of the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commis-sion for the sole purpose of operating, main-taining, repairing, rehabilitating, replacing, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.169 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3086 May 24, 2016 
or upgrading the hydroelectric facilities at these Dams in accordance with agreements reached between the Administrator, Com-missioner, and the power customers. F
EDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission to carry out the provisions of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, official reception and representation ex-penses not to exceed $3,000, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $346,800,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $346,800,000 of revenues from fees and annual charges, and other services and collections in fiscal year 2017 shall be retained and used for expenses nec-essary in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as revenues are received during fiscal year 2017 so as to re-sult in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER AND RESCISSION OF  
FUNDS)  S
EC. 301. (a) No appropriation, funds, or au-thority made available by this title for the Department of Energy shall be used to ini-tiate or resume any program, project, or ac-tivity or to prepare or initiate Requests For Proposals or similar arrangements (includ-ing Requests for Quotations, Requests for In-formation, and Funding Opportunity An-nouncements) for a program, project, or ac-tivity if the program, project, or activity has not been funded by Congress. (b)(1) Unless the Secretary of Energy noti-fies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 full busi-ness days in advance, none of the funds made available in this title may be used to— (A) make a grant allocation or discre-tionary grant award totaling $1,000,000 or more; (B) make a discretionary contract award or Other Transaction Agreement totaling $1,000,000 or more, including a contract cov-ered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation; (C) issue a letter of intent to make an allo-cation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B); or (D) announce publicly the intention to make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B). (2) The Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 15 days of the con-clusion of each quarter a report detailing each grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling less than $1,000,000 provided during the previous quarter. (3) The notification required by paragraph (1) and the report required by paragraph (2) shall include the recipient of the award, the amount of the award, the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appro-priated, the account and program, project, or activity from which the funds are being drawn, the title of the award, and a brief de-scription of the activity for which the award is made. (c) The Department of Energy may not, with respect to any program, project, or ac-tivity that uses budget authority made available in this title under the heading ‘‘De-partment of Energy—Energy Programs’’, enter into a multiyear contract, award a multiyear grant, or enter into a multiyear cooperative agreement unless— (1) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement is funded for the full period of performance as anticipated at the time of award; or (2) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement includes a clause conditioning the Federal Government’s obligation on the availability of future year budget authority and the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress at least 3 days in advance. (d) Except as provided in subsections (e), (f), and (g), the amounts made available by this title shall be expended as authorized by law for the programs, projects, and activities specified in the ‘‘Bill’’ column in the ‘‘De-partment of Energy’’ table included under the heading ‘‘Title III—Department of En-ergy’’ in the report of the Committee on Ap-propriations accompanying this Act. (e) The amounts made available by this title may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Department shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed re-programming that would cause any program, project, or activity funding level to increase or decrease by more than $5,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less, during the time pe-riod covered by this Act. (f) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expendi-ture through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates, initiates, or eliminates a pro-gram, project, or activity; (2) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act; or (3) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activ-ity by this Act. (g)(1) The Secretary of Energy may waive any requirement or restriction in this sec-tion that applies to the use of funds made available for the Department of Energy if compliance with such requirement or re-striction would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under para-graph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall in-clude an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver. S
EC. 302. The unexpended balances of prior appropriations provided for activities in this Act may be available to the same appropria-tion accounts for such activities established pursuant to this title. Available balances may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. S
EC. 303. Funds appropriated by this or any other Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activi-ties are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2017 until the enact-ment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. S
EC. 304. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for the construc-tion of facilities classified as high-hazard nu-clear facilities under 10 CFR Part 830 unless independent oversight is conducted by the Office of Enterprise Assessments to ensure the project is in compliance with nuclear safety requirements. S
EC. 305. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to approve critical decision-2 or critical decision-3 under De-partment of Energy Order 413.3B, or any suc-cessive departmental guidance, for construc-tion projects where the total project cost ex-ceeds $100,000,000, until a separate inde-pendent cost estimate has been developed for the project for that critical decision. SEC. 306. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this or any prior Act under the head-ing ‘‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ may be made available to enter into new con-tracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Russian Federation. (b) The Secretary of Energy may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that such activity is in the na-tional security interests of the United States. This waiver authority may not be delegated. (c) A waiver under subsection (b) shall not be effective until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, in classified form if necessary, a report on the justification for the waiver. S
EC. 307. (a) N EWREGIONAL RESERVES .— The Secretary of Energy may not establish any new regional petroleum product reserve unless funding for the proposed regional pe-troleum product reserve is explicitly re-quested in advance in an annual budget sub-mission and approved by the Congress in an appropriations Act. (b) The budget request or notification shall include— (1) the justification for the new reserve; (2) a cost estimate for the establishment, operation, and maintenance of the reserve, including funding sources; (3) a detailed plan for operation of the re-serve, including the conditions upon which the products may be released; (4) the location of the reserve; and (5) the estimate of the total inventory of the reserve. S
EC. 308. (a) Any unobligated balances available from amounts appropriated in prior fiscal years for the following accounts that were apportioned in Category C (as de-fined in section 120 of Office of Management and Budget Circular No A–11), are hereby re-scinded in the specified amounts: (1)‘‘Atomic Energy Defense Activities—Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration— Weapons Activities’’, $64,126,393. (2) ‘‘Atomic Energy Defense Activities— National Nuclear Security Administration— Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’, $19,127,803. (3) ‘‘Atomic Energy Defense Activities— National Nuclear Security Administration— Naval Reactors’’, $307,262. (b) No amounts may be rescinded under subsection (a) from amounts that were des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to the Concurrent Reso-lution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 309. Not to exceed $2,000,000, in aggre-gate, of the amounts made available by this title may be made available for project engi-neering and design of the Consolidated Emer-gency Operations Center. TITLE IV INDEPENDENT AGENCIES A
PPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary to carry out the programs authorized by the Appalachian Re-gional Development Act of 1965, notwith-standing 40 U.S.C. 14704, and for expenses necessary for the Federal Co-Chairman and the Alternate on the Appalachian Regional Commission, for payment of the Federal share of the administrative expenses of the Commission, including services as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $146,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.066 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3087 May 24, 2016 
DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Defense Nu-clear Facilities Safety Board in carrying out activities authorized by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by Public Law 100– 456, section 1441, $31,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2018. D
ELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Delta Re-gional Authority and to carry out its activi-ties, as authorized by the Delta Regional Au-thority Act of 2000, notwithstanding sections 382C(b)(2), 382F(d), 382M, and 382N of said Act, $15,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. D
ENALI COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Denali Commission including the purchase, con-struction, and acquisition of plant and cap-ital equipment as necessary and other ex-penses, $11,000,000, to remain available until expended, notwithstanding the limitations contained in section 306(g) of the Denali Commission Act of 1998: Provided, That funds shall be available for construction projects in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of total project cost for distressed commu-nities, as defined by section 307 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (division C, title III, Public Law 105–277), as amended by section 701 of appendix D, title VII, Public Law 106– 113 (113 Stat. 1501A–280), and an amount not to exceed 50 percent for non-distressed com-munities. N
ORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Northern Border Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts shall be available for administra-tive expenses, notwithstanding section 15751(b) of title 40, United States Code. S
OUTHEAST CRESCENT REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Southeast Crescent Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $250,000, to re-main available until expended. N
UCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Commission in carrying out the purposes of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 and the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, $936,121,000, including of-ficial representation expenses not to exceed $25,000, to remain available until expended, of which $20,000,000 shall be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund: Provided, That of the amount appropriated herein, not more than $7,500,000 may be made available for salaries, travel, and other support costs for the Office of the Commission, to remain available until September 30, 2018, of which, notwith-standing section 201(a)(2)(c) of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5841(a)(2)(c)), the use and expenditure shall only be approved by a majority vote of the Commission: Provided further, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $786,853,000 in fiscal year 2017 shall be re-tained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, not less than $5,000,000 shall be for activities related to the development of regulatory in-frastructure for advanced nuclear tech-nologies, and $18,000,000 shall be for inter-national activities, except that the amounts provided under this proviso shall not be de-rived from fee revenues, notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 2214: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2017 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $149,268,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be for university research and development in areas relevant to the Commission’s mission, and $5,000,000 shall be for a Nuclear Science and Engineering Grant Program that will support multiyear projects that do not align with pro-grammatic missions but are critical to main-taining the discipline of nuclear science and engineering. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 72, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Massachusetts and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment with the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ), a champion of these issues. Our amendment is simple and straightforward. It seeks to provide adequate resources for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission in order to en-sure the safe and effective decommis-sioning of nuclear power plants. Last year Entergy Corporation, the owner and operator of the Pilgrim Nu-clear Power Plant in Plymouth, Massa-chusetts, after facing severe losses in revenue and plagued by serious safety concerns, announced that the plant would be decommissioned by 2019. Since coming to Congress, I have been concerned about the safety of Pil-grim’s day-to-day operations as well as the security of its spent fuel storage. Following Entergy’s announcement, I have worked with State and local rep-resentatives from southeastern Massa-chusetts to prioritize the safety of the decommissioning process, security of the plant’s spent fuel, and displace-ment of over 600 workers employed at this site. Just this week, attention has focused on the NRC’s recent report that re-vealed that the Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station came up short yet again during an investigation of their follow- through on critical systems mainte-nance. While this infraction ultimately falls on the responsibility of Entergy, it is equally important that the NRC has the necessary resources to address con-cerns as they arise, including through cooperation with local communities. As we have often cited, decommis-sioning of nuclear power plants has an enormous economic and financial im-pact on host communities. We have urged that decommissioning funds be used strictly for removal of spent fuel from wet storage to dry cask storage, restoration and remediation of the site, and maintenance of emergency pre-paredness and security resources throughout the entire process. Finally, it is my hope that the NRC prioritizes workforce development op-portunities. As the number of decom-missioned plants increases, so, too, will thousands of high-skilled, well-paying jobs. I thank my colleagues for their con-sideration of this amendment and urge their support. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman. We have a lot of mer-chant nuclear plants that are now starting to get decommissioned. The first one that got decommissioned was in Vernon, Vermont. We have now got Pilgrim. The communities there face enor-mous challenges. One, we lose a lot of good jobs. Number two, there is the question: How do you get that asset back in production? That is where the local community, like select boards, citizen groups, are enormously con-cerned, and rightly so. It is their com-munity, and they want to get it back operational. The purpose of this amendment is to try to get the NRC the resources it needs and, also, the process it needs for citizen community involvement to be accepted. They are in a new era. Generally, the NRC has been about regulating the safety of the plant. Now we are moving into the era where they have to deal with the decommissioning of the plant. Safety issues continue to be of para-mount concern, but economic vitality in the future is an urgent concern. Our goal here is to make certain that those folks who are in the community and their elected representatives have the capacity for significant input. b2130 We are very pleased that the NRC is starting a rulemaking process to try to open it up a bit. We want to encourage them to do so. This legislation is a big step towards that. Mr. KEATING. I also want to thank Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Mem-ber K
APTUR for their consideration of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $12,129,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That revenues from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:48 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.066 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3088 May 24, 2016 
licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $10,044,000 in fiscal year 2017 shall be retained and be available until September 30, 2018, for necessary salaries and expenses in this ac-count, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2017 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $2,085,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this head-ing, $969,000 shall be for Inspector General services for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, which shall not be available from fee revenues. N
UCLEAR WASTE TECHNICAL REVIEW BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board, as author-ized by Public Law 100–203, section 5051, $3,600,000, to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018. GENERAL PROVISIONS—INDEPENDENT AGENCIES S
EC. 401. The Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion shall comply with the July 5, 2011, version of Chapter VI of its Internal Com-mission Procedures when responding to Con-gressional requests for information. S
EC. 402. (a) The amounts made available by this title for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Com-mission shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any pro-gram funding level to increase or decrease by more than $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. (b)(1) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission may waive the notification requirement in subsection (a) if compliance with such re-quirement would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of any waiv-er under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or re-striction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver and shall provide a detailed report to the Committees of such waiver and changes to funding levels to pro-grams, projects, or activities. (c) Except as provided in subsections (a), (b), and (d), the amounts made available by this title for ‘‘Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion—Salaries and Expenses’’ shall be ex-pended as directed in the report of the Com-mittee on Appropriations accompanying this Act. (d) None of the funds provided for the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or ac-tivity for which funds are denied or re-stricted by this Act. (e) The Commission shall provide a month-ly report to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress, which in-cludes the following for each program, project, or activity, including any prior year appropriations— (1) total budget authority; (2) total unobligated balances; and (3) total unliquidated obligations. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 501. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress, other than to com-municate to Members of Congress as de-scribed in 18 U.S.C. 1913. S
EC. 502. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in title III of this Act may be trans-ferred to any department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the re-port of the Committee on Appropriations ac-companying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality. (b) None of the funds made available for any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may be transferred to accounts funded in title III of this Act, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fis-cal year, transfer authority referenced in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality. (c) The head of any relevant department or agency funded in this Act utilizing any transfer authority shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a semiannual report detailing the transfer authorities, except for any author-ity whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality, used in the previous 6 months and in the year-to- date. This report shall include the amounts transferred and the purposes for which they were transferred, and shall not replace or modify existing notification requirements for each authority. S
EC. 503. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order No. 12898 of February 11, 1994 (Federal Actions to Address Environ-mental Justice in Minority Populations and Low-Income Populations). S
EC. 504. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to conduct closure of adjudicatory functions, technical review, or support activities associated with Yucca Mountain geologic repository license appli-cation, or for actions that irrevocably re-move the possibility that Yucca Mountain may be a repository option in the future. S
EC. 506. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to further imple-mentation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and ecosystem-based management components of the National Ocean Policy de-veloped under Executive Order No. 13547 of July 19, 2010. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . FARR  
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 79, beginning on line 24, strike sec-tion 506. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. FARR. Mr. Chair, I rise once again because every year we face this amendment and it does get knocked out in conference. But I rise with con-cern that it keeps coming back, be-cause I think it is based on a lot of misunderstanding, and it really can cause serious problems. For many years, Congress has been struggling with all these sorts of con-flicts at the sea. Different Federal enti-ties have different responsibilities— some for mineral management, some for fishing, some for coastal zone pro-tection, Coast Guard for buoys. And when we were in the State legislature, State after State complained that there was a conflict of seas. Congress actually appointed a com-mission to review these, a bipartisan commission. The membership was ap-pointed by President Bush. The com-mission came back with an oceans re-port indicating that we had to avoid these conflicts among agencies. What we would do is create a National Ocean Policy, which required all the Federal agencies to look at their responsibil-ities and to make sure that they were all coordinated so that they carry out the functions that they have been re-sponsible for, but carry them out in a timely fashion. What this language in this bill says is you can’t carry out these respon-sibilities under the National Ocean Policy. It is really stupid to knock it out, because what it will do is cost the people who want permits from the Fed-eral Government a lot more time and money. And in fact, what it really does is jeopardize our national security be-cause, believe it or not, one of the ways that people are sneaking into our ex-clusive economic zone is through fish-ing boats. And fishing boats are the re-sponsibility more of National Marine Fisheries and the Coast Guard, and they have to be able to communicate with each other on issues. So it is just one thing after another. I am really saying let’s knock this lan-guage out. The other thing I would like to say is that I hate to make this thing par-tisan, but I was just at a huge Oceans conference in Monterey, in the district I represent, with a lot of national sci-entists and NGOs. The one thing that they pointed out time after time is how the Republicans are just attacking issues on the oceans, on marine fisheries, on oil and gas de-velopment, and so on. And a policy like this is not some-thing that is not actually beneficial to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.070 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3089 May 24, 2016 
try to get bureaucracy to work in knocking it out so that it goes back to the old bureaucracy. It is harmful for the government, it is harmful for users of ocean resources, and it is more harmful for people that are trying to get a handle on what is killing our oceans and killing our fish. So we spend absolutely no money on oceans planning. The National Ocean Policy does not supersede any local or State regulations or create any new Federal regulations. It just creates a mechanism by which 41 numerous ocean agencies, departments, working groups, and committees can coordinate and communicate to manage effec-tively. It is a bottom-up, not top-down project. National Ocean Policy leverages tax-payer dollars by reducing duplication between Federal, State, and local agen-cies, by streamlining data collection, by strengthening public involvement, by actually resulting in better deci-sionmaking and more decisionmaking, less costly decisionmaking. National Ocean Policy is a tool for planning, not a mandate to strip local and stakeholder control from our oceans’ resource. It was supported by President Bush. It has been supported by President Obama. It is bipartisan, bicameral, bi-everything, and this lan-guage just makes it impossible to carry on the responsibilities that we have in using our natural resources in a re-sponsible fashion. I ask that the amendment be adopt-ed. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-position to the amendment. While there may be instances in which the greater coordination would be helpful to ensure our ocean and coastal resources are available to fu-ture generations, any such coordina-tion must be done carefully to protect against Federal overreach. As we have seen recently with the proposed rule to redefine waters of the United States, strong congressional oversight is needed to ensure that we protect private property rights. Unfortunately, the way this adminis-tration developed its National Ocean Policy increases the opportunities for overreach. The implementation plan is so broad and so sweeping that it may allow the Federal Government to affect agricultural practices, mining, energy producers, fishermen, and anyone else whose actions may have an impact di-rectly or indirectly on the oceans. The fact is the administration did not work with Congress to develop this plan and has even refused to provide relevant information to Congress, so we can’t be sure how sweeping it actu-ally will be. That is why I support the language in the underlying bill and, therefore, oppose the amendment and suggest that the Committee on Natural Resources is the one that should be taking this up if they want to develop a National Ocean Policy. Mr. FARR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gen-tleman from California. Mr. FARR. First, whoever wrote your statement is wrong on the facts. I was here. This report that was done by the Bush administration was brought to the United States Congress, to the Nat-ural Resources Committee. I was a member. Mr. Pombo was the chairman. He would not allow Admiral Watkins, who was chair of the committee, to tes-tify on it. He would not allow a bill, carried by Republican members—Mr. Greenwood, Mr. Saxton, and others—to be heard. Every attempt was made to bring that report to Congress to enact as a bill, and the Natural Resources Committee rejected it, just slammed the door. What President Obama does, there was more in the recommendations be-cause there was actually a way of gov-erning regional areas, much like the National Marine Fisheries does with their regional fishery boards. None of that was allowed. He only uses execu-tive order to get all the Federal agen-cies together so they can come up with a National Ocean Policy, and not a thing in that policy mentions any of that. Mr. SIMPSON. Reclaiming my time, in fact, we were not wrong. Congress did not approve a national ocean plan. Now, we can argue about it whether they should have or whether they shouldn’t have or whether Chairman Pombo should have brought it up or shouldn’t have brought it up, or what-ever, but that is way the process works around here. There are things that aren’t brought up that I think ought to be brought up. I have got a wildfire funding bill that hasn’t been brought up. I think it ought to be brought up. That doesn’t mean the administration can go out and say: Hey, that is the right thing to do. We are going to do it by executive order. That is the problem with this admin-istration, that they have got a phone and they have got a pen if they don’t get what they want out of Congress and Congress decides not to act for what-ever reason. We didn’t act on immigra-tion. I think that was wrong. I think we should have. But guess what. We didn’t. That doesn’t free the President to say: Well, if you won’t do it, I am going to do it. That is kind of what he did with the National Ocean Policy, and that is the problem we have here. That is why I oppose the amendment, even though it might be the right thing for us to do in the long run. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. FARR. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding go. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of the amendment offered by my col-league from California, which would strike this misguided provision to pro-hibit funding of the National Ocean Policy, which permits better coordina-tion among Federal agencies respon-sible for coastal planning. This provision in particular would undermine the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s partici-pation in planning; would hurt States, communities, and businesses; and would keep States like Rhode Island from managing resources in a way that best fits their needs and priorities. The administration has made it clear that the National Ocean Policy does not create new regulations, supercede current regulations, or modify any agency’s established mission, jurisdic-tion, or authority. Rather, it helps co-ordinate the implementation of exist-ing regulations by Federal agencies to establish a more efficient and effective decisionmaking process. In the Northeast, our Regional Ocean Council has allowed our States to pool resources and businesses to have a voice in decisionmaking and has co-ordinated with Federal partners to en-sure all stakeholders have a voice in the process, and it was the first in the Nation to release a draft regional ocean plan. It is astounding to me that, since 2012, more than 15 riders undermining ocean planning have been introduced to House bills, including riders on several previous appropriations bills. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. FARR. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. FARR). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. FARR. Mr. Chair, I demand a re-corded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 507. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the removal of any federally owned or operated dam. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 508. The amount by which the applica-ble allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.176 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3090 May 24, 2016 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used in contraven-tion of section 2102 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 or sec-tion 210 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer a very brief amendment to the bill. I offer this amendment on behalf of myself and my good friend from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ). Many of my colleagues, especially those who are members of the Congres-sional Ports Caucus, have worked very hard in recent years to ensure that the Army Corps of Engineers has the fund-ing necessary for operations and main-tenance of our waterways. We achieved a great victory in WRRDA 2014, which set annual targets for the harbor main-tenance trust fund usage. b2145 It is vitally important that we not only hit the WRRDA targets, but that we also ensure that the Army Corps and the White House Office of Manage-ment and Budget allocate harbor main-tenance trust fund resources properly, according to the authorizing statute. The Brownley-Napolitano amend-ment simply directs that none of the funds in the bill can be spent contrary to existing law. Our amendment is supported by the American Association of Port Authori-ties. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment to en-sure that the Army Corps and the OMB follow the direction provided by Con-gress in the 2014 law which passed the House in a vote of 412–4. Mr. Chairman, again, it is critically important for Congress to ensure that the administration follows the law. This amendment is intended to en-sure that the Corps and the adminis-tration and the OMB implement the law as directed by Congress. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short title, insert the following new section: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used— (1) to implement or enforce section 430.32(x) of title 10, Code of Federal Regula-tions; or (2) to implement or enforce the standards established by the tables contained in sec-tion 325(i)(1)(B) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(i)(1)(B)), or to implement or enforce section 430.32(n) of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to BPAR incandescent reflector lamps, BR incandescent reflector lamps, and ER incandescent reflector lamps. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that will actually maintain current law. Since its passage in 2007, I have heard from tens of thousands of constituents about how the language of the 2007 En-ergy Independence Security Act takes away consumer choice when deciding what type of light bulb to use in their homes. Mr. Chairman, they are right. While the government has passed energy effi-ciency standards in other realms over the years, they never moved so far and lowered standards so drastically. It is to a point where technology is still years away from making bulbs that are compliant with the law at a price point that the average American can afford. Opponents to my amendment will claim that the 2007 language did not ban the incandescent bulb. That is true. It bans the sale of the 100-watt, the 60-watt and then the 45-watt bulb. The replacement bulbs are far from economically efficient even if they may be regarded as energy efficient. A family living paycheck to paycheck simply cannot afford the replacement cost of these bulbs. But the economics of the light bulb mandate are only part of the story. With the extreme expansion of Federal powers undertaken by the Obama ad-ministration during the first 2 years of the Obama administration, Americans woke up to just how far the Constitu-tion’s Commerce Clause has been ma-nipulated from its original intent. The light bulb mandate is the perfect exam-ple of this. The Commerce Clause was intended by our Founding Fathers to be a limi-tation to Federal authority, not a catch-all nod to allow for any topic to be regulated by Washington. Indeed, it is clear that the Founding Fathers never intended this clause to be used to allow the Federal Govern-ment to regulate and pass mandates on consumer products that do not pose a risk to either human health or safety. This exact amendment has been ac-cepted for the past 4 years by the House. The first 3 years it was accepted by a voice vote. It has been included in the annual appropriations legislation signed into law by President Obama every year since its first inclusion in 2011. It allows consumers to continue to have a choice and to have a say about what they put in their homes. It is just common sense. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this damaging rider which would block the Department of Energy from implementing or enforc-ing commonsense energy efficiency standards for light bulbs. I have the highest respect for Dr. B
URGESS , but not on this particular topic. This rider was a bad idea when it was first offered 5 years ago, and it is even more unsupportable now. Every claim made by proponents of this rider has been proven wrong. Dr. B
URGESS told us that the energy efficiency standards would ban incan-descent light bulbs. That is simply false. You can go to any store today and see shelves of modern, energy-effi-cient, incandescent light bulbs that meet the standard. I have bought them myself. They are the same as the old bulbs except that they last longer, they use less electricity, and they save con-sumers money. We have heard for years that the en-ergy efficiency standards restrict con-sumer choice. But if you have shopped for light bulbs lately, you know that simply isn’t true. Modern incandescent bulbs, compact fluorescent light bulbs, and LEDs of every shape, size, and color are now available. Consumers have never had more choice. The efficiency standards spurred innovation that dramatically expanded options for consumers. Critics of the efficiency standards claimed that they would cost con-sumers money. In fact, the opposite is true. When the standards are in full ef-fect, the average American family will save about $100 every year. That comes to $13 billion in savings nationwide every year. But this rider threatens those savings, and that is why con-sumer groups have consistently op-posed this rider. Here is the reality. The 2007 con-sensus energy efficiency standards for light bulbs were enacted with bipar-tisan support and continue to receive overwhelming industry support. U.S. manufacturers are already meet-ing the efficiency standards. The effect of the rider is to allow foreign manu-facturers to sell old, inefficient light bulbs in the United States that violate the efficiency standards. That is unfair to domestic manufac-turers who have invested millions of dollars in the United States in those plants to make efficient bulbs here that meet the standards. Why on earth would we want to pass a rider that favors foreign manufactur-ers who ignore our laws and penalizes U.S. manufacturers who are following our laws? But it even gets worse. The rider now poses an additional threat to U.S. man-ufacturing. The bipartisan 2007 energy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.179 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3091 May 24, 2016 
bill requires the Department of Energy to establish updated light bulb effi-ciency standards by January 1 of next year. It also provided that, if final updated standards are not issued by then, a more stringent standard of 45 lumens per watt automatically takes effect. Incandescent light bulbs currently can-not meet this backstop standard. This rider blocks DOE from issuing the required efficiency standards and ensures that the backstop will kick in. Ironically, it is this rider that could ef-fectively ban the incandescent light bulb. The Burgess rider directly threatens existing light bulb manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, across our region. It would stifle innovation and punish companies that have in-vested in domestic manufacturing. This rider aims to reverse years of technological progress only to kill jobs, increase electricity bills for our constituents, and worsen pollution. It is time to choose common sense over rigid ideology, and it is time to listen to the manufacturing companies, consumer groups, and efficiency advo-cates, who all agree that that rider is harmful. I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Burgess light bulb rider, no matter how well intended. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I would merely observe that, in calendar year 2007, the political analyst George Will opined at the end of that year that the American Congress essentially had two mandates, to deliver the mail and defend the borders, that it had failed miserably at both jobs. Instead of performing either of those jobs, it banned the incandescent bulb, probably the single greatest invention to have occurred in America in the 1800s. This is a commonsense bill. Our con-stituents have asked for this. The Con-gress has supported it. The amend-ment, in fact, maintains current law. I urge all Members to support it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to expand pluto-nium pit production capacity at the PF–4 fa-cility at Los Alamos National Laboratory. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 743, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, about an hour and a half ago we had a very important debate on this floor concerning some 30-plus metric tons of unused surplus plutonium to be dis-posed of in South Carolina at the mixed oxide fuel facility. The debate went on. I want to thank my colleagues on the majority side for elucidating the issue and bringing to our attention, as did I, that we have some 34 metric tons of plutonium lying around in various de-positories around the United States. And from our discussion earlier, it is pretty clear it is not going to be dis-posed of any time soon. Now, this bill would set about the United States putting together facili-ties that would create even more pluto-nium somewhere in the range of 80 nu-clear bomb pits. This is the essential element in a nuclear bomb. For what purpose? Well, we really probably can’t talk about it here in this public setting, but it appears to be a rather unclear pur-pose as to why we would need to build a new facility at a multibillion dollar cost for the production of more pluto-nium pits when we have 34 metric tons of them sitting in various repositories. So I guess I just kind of ask: Why are we doing that? Well, this amendment would simply limit the PF–4 facility in Los Alamos, New Mexico, to no more than 10 pits a year, which they can produce. Probably a little bit of refurbishing will be nec-essary as the years progress, but we really do not need to spend a few bil-lion dollars on a brand-new facility to make brand-new atomic bomb pluto-nium pits. Why would we do that? Well, I don’t think we do need to do that. We can get by with 10 a year. And I suppose, if we really got into a situation where we need to build more, we could run 2 shifts a day, maybe even 3 shifts a day, and get production up to some 20. Nobody has really bothered to ex-plain in detail why we need more than 10, and certainly nobody has explained in detail why we need 80. So that is what this amendment does. It simply says: Let’s save our money. Let’s not put it into a facility that we don’t need and go about our business of making just 9 or 10 new nu-clear plutonium pits a year. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I op-pose this amendment because I am con-cerned that the amendment would limit the activities that may be nec-essary to maintain our nuclear weap-ons stockpile. That is basically it. We need to be modernizing the legacy facilities of the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration. And these are old facilities, if we are going to have a credible nuclear deterrent. That is what this is all about, is keeping our nuclear deterrent and making sure that we have the facilities to produce those things that are nec-essary. It is as simple as that. I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b2200 The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 2 minutes remain-ing. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, 2 minutes is probably insufficient to per-suade my colleagues on the majority side that my argument is worthy of support; but nonetheless, I will take a shot at it. We can build 9 or 10 pits a year now. If we go to two shifts, we could build 20. The only reason we would need 80 has to do with a revamped, refurbished nuclear bomb, which I will talk about tomorrow morning, because at the re-quest of the majority, I was asked to put it off until tomorrow morning. In any case, where are we today? We have enough nuclear weapons to pretty much destroy the entire world or any enemy that would like to take us on. Do we need to have 80 new nuclear pits a year? In all the testimony I have heard in the various classified sessions, the an-swer is: We would like to have it. We would like to have that capability be-cause sometime maybe somehow we may have a nuclear war, and we will expend all of our existing bombs and we will need to somehow make more. I am not exactly sure why we would be making more after a nuclear war, but there are some who would argue that would be necessary. I don’t get it. I really don’t under-stand when we have the capability to build sufficient nuclear bomb compo-nents, the pit, the plutonium pit, why we would want to spend a few billion dollars—an unknown number, by the way, not unlike the MOX facility, it is likely to rapidly escalate. But our Los Alamos scientists would like to have something new and fancy when something old is quite necessary. My wife always said that there is a choice between nice and necessary. I have yet to hear the argument for nec-essary, why we should set our path on spending several billion dollars on a new pit production facility. I am sure there is some argument to be made. In any case, I have a sense that I might lose this vote on the floor when I will ask for a vote. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G ARAMENDI ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.183 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3092 May 24, 2016 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I move that the committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
IL-
SONof South Carolina) having assumed the chair, Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. P
AYNE (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for the first series of votes today on account of medical appoint-ments. Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for May 23. Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2613. An act to reauthorize certain pro-grams established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 10 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, May 25, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5473. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Regulatory Capital Rules: Regu-latory Capital, Implementation of Tier 1/Tier 2 Framework (RIN: 3052-AC81) received May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5474. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Communications and Legislative Af-fairs, Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act (RIN: 3046-AB02) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5475. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedure for Battery Chargers [Docket No.: EERE-2014-BT-TP-0044] (RIN: 1904-AD45) re-ceived May 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5476. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; Sulfur Content of Fuel Oil Burned in Stationary Sources [EPA-R01- OAR-2014-0364; A-1-FRL-9939-63-Region 1] re-ceived May 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5477. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; New Hampshire; Ozone Maintenance Plan [EPA-R01-OAR-2012-0289; FRL-9946-69-Region 1] received May 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5478. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; North Carolina; Regional Haze [EPA-R04-OAR-2015- 0518; FRL-9946-76-Reigon 4] received May 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5479. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Disapprovals; MS; Prong 4-2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, SO2, and 2012 PM2.5 [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0798; FRL-9946-77- Region 4] received May 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5480. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality Plan Approval; South Carolina; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA-R04-OAR-2015- 0151; FRL-9946-82-Region 4] received May 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5481. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Connecticut; Infra-structure Requirements for Lead, Ozone, Ni-trogen Dioxide, Sulfur Dioxide, and Fine Particulate Matter [EPA-R01-OAR-2015-0198; FRL-9940-14-Region 1] received May 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5482. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Title Evidence for Trust Land Acquisitions [167A2100DD/AAKC001030/ A0A501010.999 900 253G] (RIN: 1076-AF28) re-ceived May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5483. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Federal Implementation Plan for True Minor Sources in Indian Coun-try in the Oil and Natural Gas Production and Natural Gas Processing Segments of the Oil and Natural Gas Sector; Amendments to the Federal Minor New Source Review Pro-gram in Indian Country to Address Require-ments for True Minor Sources in the Oil and Natural Gas Sector [EPA- HQ-OAR-2014-0606; FRL-9946-56-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS27) received May 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5484. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s Major final rule — Oil and Natural Gas Sector: Emission Standards for New, Recon-structed, and Modified Sources [EPA-HQ- OAR-2010-0505; FRL-9944-75-OAR] (RIN: 2060- AS30) received May 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5485. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Com-prehensive Ecosystem-Based Amendment 1; Amendments to the Fishery Management Plans for Coastal Pelagic Species, Pacific Coast Groundfish, U.S. West Coast Highly Migratory Species, and Pacific Coast Salmon [Docket No.: 150629565-6224-02] (RIN: 0648- BF15) received May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5486. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-tion and Management Act Provisions; Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Groundfish Fishery; Fishing Year 2016; Recreational Management Measures [Docket No.: 160120042-6337-02] (RIN: 0648- BF69) received May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5487. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — International Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fisheries; Fishing Restrictions for the Area of Overlap Between the Convention Areas of the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commis-sion and the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Commission [Docket No.: 150924885- 6324-02] (RIN: 0648-BF38) received May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5488. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Pacific Halibut Fisheries; Catch Shar-ing Plan [Docket No.: 160127057-6280-02] (RIN: 0648-BF60) received May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY7.187 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3093 May 24, 2016 
251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5489. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; Frame-work Adjustment 4 [Docket No.: 150304214- 6231-02] (RIN: 0648-BE94) received May 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5490. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Beginning of Construction for Sec-tions 45 and 48 [Notice 2016-31] received May 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5491. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — June 2016 (Rev. Rul. 2016-13) received May 20, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5492. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Removal of Allocation Rule for Disbursements from Designated Roth Ac-counts to Multiple Destinations [TD 9769] (RIN: 1545-BK08) received May 20, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1769. A bill to estab-lish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the de-scendants of veterans exposed to toxic sub-stances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that expose, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–592, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 744. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (S. 2012) to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5233) to repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, to amend the Dis-trict of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the respective roles of the District govern-ment and Congress in the local budget proc-ess of the District government, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings dur-ing the period from May 27, 2016, through June 6, 2016 (Rept. 114–593). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Armed Services dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 1769 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: By Mr. DUFFY (for himself and Mr. C
ARNEY ): H.R. 5311. A bill to improve the quality of proxy advisory firms for the protection of in-vestors and the U.S. economy, and in the public interest, by fostering accountability, transparency, responsiveness, and competi-tion in the proxy advisory firm industry; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. L
AHOOD (for himself, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L
UCAS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , and Mr. A BRAHAM ): H.R. 5312. A bill to amend the High-Per-formance Computing Act of 1991 to authorize activities for support of networking and in-formation technology research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Mr. P
OCAN , and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY ): H.R. 5313. A bill to establish a trust fund to provide for adequate funding for water and sewer infrastructure; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself and Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia): H.R. 5314. A bill to provide for the develop-ment and dissemination of programs and ma-terials for training pharmacists, health care providers, and patients on the circumstances under which a pharmacist may decline to fill a prescription for a controlled substance be-cause the pharmacist suspects the prescrip-tion is fraudulent, forged, or otherwise indic-ative of abuse or diversion, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself, Mr. B
URGESS , and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California): H.R. 5315. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to require annual re-ports to Congress regarding the status of in-vestigations of unfair or deceptive acts or practices, and of unfair methods of competi-tion, in or affecting commerce; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 5316. A bill to establish a carbon se-questration pilot program under which the Secretary of the Interior may make grants for projects to evaluate methods to increase the amount of carbon captured on qualified public lands in order to achieve a wide range of benefits, including reductions in green-house gases, increased water retention and water quality in watersheds, nutrient cy-cling, reduced erosion, and forage quality; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. F
ATTAH , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Pennsylvania, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. MARINO , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
ENT, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5317. A bill to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. POMPEO (for himself, Mr. B
UR-
GESS, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. H ARPER , Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , and Mr. L ANCE ): H.R. 5318. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to specify certain ef-fects of guidelines, general statements of policy, and similar guidance issued by the Federal Trade Commission; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALKER (for himself, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. B
RAT): H.R. 5319. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 to establish a Fed-eral regulatory budget and to impose cost controls on that budget, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Re-form, and Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H. Con. Res. 133. Concurrent resolution honoring the members of the United States Air Force who were casualties of the June 25, 1996, terrorist bombing of the United States Sector Khobar Towers military housing com-plex on Dhahran Air Base; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. F
ATTAH , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania): H. Res. 745. A resolution congratulating Einstein Healthcare Network on their 150th anniversary; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. L
EE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. H
INOJOSA , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P ALLONE , Mrs. L
OWEY , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. B
EYER , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. S
ABLAN ): H. Res. 746. A resolution urging the United States Soccer Federation to immediately eliminate gender pay inequity and treat all athletes with the same respect and dignity; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24MY7.000 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3094 May 24, 2016 
By Ms. D ELAURO (for herself, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. M
CGOVERN ): H. Res. 747. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of May 23 as the ‘‘Inter-national Day to End Obstetric Fistula’’ to significantly raise awareness and intensify actions towards ending obstetric fistula; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
223. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Concurrent Memorial 1017, urging the Congress of the United States to enact the Dine´College Act of 2015; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 224. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1007, urging the United States Environmental Protection Agency to reinstate the previous ozone concentration standard of 75 parts per billion; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 225. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1016, urging the United States Congress to oppose the implementa-tion of certain rules for existing electric utility generating units; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 226. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to House Con-current Memorial 2010, urging the President, Secretary of State and Congress of the United States to secure the safe release of Robert Levinson from Iran; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 227. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1013, urging the United States Congress to continue to take action to prevent the United States from entering into the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty or other similar treaties; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 228. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Me-morial 1001, urging the members of the United States Congress from the state of Ar-izona to officially recognize the persecution of Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East as genocide; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 229. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1009, urging the United States Congress to protest and take action to fully restore the Tucson postal processing and distribution center; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 230. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1014, urging the Congress of the United States to act to prohibit fed-eral agencies from recommending and identi-fying Arizona’s public lands as wilderness areas without express congressional consent; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 231. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to House Con-current Memorial 2009, urging the United States Congress to direct the American Le-gion to expand its membership eligibility; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 232. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1008, urging the Congress of the United States to enact the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 233. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1006, urging the United States Congress to act to increase the num-ber of United States customs and border pro-tection personnel at the ports of entry in Ar-izona; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. 234. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1011, urging the Congress of United States to enact the Resilient Fed-eral Forests Act; jointly to the Committees on Agriculture and Natural Resources. 235. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to House Con-current Memorial 2006, urging the United States Congress to adopt legislation similar to the Toxic Exposure Research Act of 2015; jointly to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices and Veterans’ Affairs. 236. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1012, urging the United States Congress to direct the appropriate federal agencies to secure the borders of the United States; jointly to the Committees on the Judiciary and Homeland Security. 237. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1015, urging the United States Congress to enact the Stopping EPA Overreach Act; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Natural Resources, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Agri-culture. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 5311. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. L
AHOOD: H.R. 5312. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. CONYERS: H.R. 5313. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of Ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States which states, ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Con-sequence of Appropriations made by Law . . .’’ and clause 3 of section 8 of Article I, which provides that, Congress shall have power to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of Article I provides that ‘‘Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ and clause 18 of section 8 of Article I that states that Congress shall have power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the con-gressional power to establish and appro-priate funds, to determine its purpose, amount, period of availability, means of ac-cess, and to set forth terms and conditions governing its use. By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 5314. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 5315. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 5316. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitu-tion shall be son construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5317. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: the United States Constitution Article I, Section 8. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 5318. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 5319. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of Rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the Constitutional au-thority for this legislation in Article I, Sec-tion 1, Clause 1 and Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 183: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 266: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. M
ULVANEY . H.R. 446: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 589: Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 592: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 664: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 703: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 704: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 711: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 713: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 835: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 836: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 921: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24MY7.100 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3095 May 24, 2016 
H.R. 923: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 969: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 1062: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 1101: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1130: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 1188: Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 1197: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas and Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 1198: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1220: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1221: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 1233: Mr. R
IGELL . H.R. 1247: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 1309: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1427: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 1459: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1559: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 1571: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1748: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1859: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 1877: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2132: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 2144: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 2173: Ms. P
INGREE and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2218: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 2254: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 2296: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2315: Mrs. W
ALORSKI and Mr. S AM J
OHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2461: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 2631: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.R. 2694: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2737: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. C ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 2739: Mr. F
ORBES and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 2846: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2849: Mrs. D
AVIS of California and Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 2903: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. F
LEMING . H.R. 2980: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 2992: Mr. M
CHENRY , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. N
UGENT , Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 2999: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 3012: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 3029: Mr. F
ARR. H.R. 3099: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3119: Mr. B
ENISHEK , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 3222: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 3229: Mr. B
OUSTANY and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 3235: Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. B EYER , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Caro-lina, and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3299: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 3323: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3355: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 3365: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3397: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . H.R. 3516: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 3643: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 3687: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 3720: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 3815: Mr. S
MITH of Texas and Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN . H.R. 3870: Ms. D
UCKWORTH and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 3957: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 4019: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4177: Mr. N
OLAN and Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 4219: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 4223: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 4247: Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 4262: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 4352: Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. M CHENRY , and Mr. F
INCHER . H.R. 4365: Mrs. WALORSKI , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. W
ALBERG , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 4381: Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. O LSON , Mr. R
OUZER , and Mr. M ARCHANT . H.R. 4400: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4435: Mrs. C
APPS . H.R. 4445: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4448: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 4461: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4479: Ms. D
UCKWORTH and Ms. W ILSON  of Florida. H.R. 4514: Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. H
UELSKAMP , and Mr. R OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 4553: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 4575: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 4592: Mr. Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. G
RAYSON , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 4606: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 4614: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 4622: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 4625: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 4626: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 4632: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. A
SHFORD , and Mr. P OMPEO . H.R. 4640: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 4677: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 4683: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 4684: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 4696: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4731: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 4740: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 4764: Mr. D
OLD, Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. G
OWDY . H.R. 4775: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 4828: Mr. R
OKITA and Ms. F OXX. H.R. 4893: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 4907: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 4924: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4928: Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. B ENISHEK , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 4956: Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. N
EUGEBAUER . H.R. 4989: Mr. L
ANGEVIN and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 5008: Mr. A
SHFORD and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 5025: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 5053: Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. B
ARLETTA , and Mr. C HAFFETZ . H.R. 5073: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. R
IGELL , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. D OLD. H.R. 5121: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5133: Mrs. Radewagen. H.R. 5166: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. S IRES, Mr. F
LORES , Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. R EED. H.R. 5170: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5180: Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. H AR-
RIS, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . H.R. 5183: Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 5185: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 5191: Mr. H
URDof Texas. H.R. 5199: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 5203: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 5207: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 5210: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. R IGELL . H.R. 5215: Ms. L
EEand Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 5254: Ms. B
ROWN of Florida and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5259: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 5275: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. O LSON , Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 5283: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 5285: Ms. B
ASS and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H.R. 5287: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California and Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 5288: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 5292: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. P
AULSEN , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 5307: Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. B ABIN. H.J. Res. 9: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.J. Res. 90: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H. Con. Res. 40: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H. Con. Res. 100: Mr. P
AULSEN . H. Con. Res. 122: Mr. G
OSAR and Mr. C OOK. H. Con. Res. 128: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Ms. M
CSALLY . H. Con. Res. 132: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . H. Res. 14: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN . H. Res. 393: Mr. A
GUILAR . H. Res. 464: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H. Res. 590: Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. T IPTON , Ms. D
ELAURO , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H. Res. 660: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. P
ITTS, and Mr. M ARINO . H. Res. 717: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN and Mr. R
OKITA . H. Res. 726: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. H
INOJOSA . H. Res. 729: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. D OLD, Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. M CKIN-
LEY, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. I
SRAEL , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. B RAT, Ms. K USTER , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , and Mr. G RAVES of Mis- souri. H. Res. 739: Mr. D
OLD. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. K. M ICHAEL CONAWAY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Agriculture in H.R. 897 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 3765: Mr. J OLLY . f 
AMENDMENTS Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. GOSAR  A
MENDMENT NO. 8: At the end of the bill (be-fore the short title), insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.084 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3096 May 24, 2016 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to prepare, propose, or promulgate any regulation or guidance that references, relies on, or otherwise con-siders the analysis contained in— (1) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Anal-ysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Government, in February 2010; (2) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Car-bon, United States Government, in May 2013 and revised in November 2013; or (3) ‘‘Revised Draft Guidance for Federal Departments and Agencies on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and the Effects of Climate Change in NEPA Reviews’’, pub-lished by the Council on Environmental Quality on December 24, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 77801). H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. GOSAR  A
MENDMENT NO. 9: At the end of title III, add the following new section: S
EC. 310. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Western Area Power Ad-ministration shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that— (1) examines the use of a provision de-scribed in subsection (b) in any power con-tracts of the Western Area Power Adminis-tration that were executed before or on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) explains the circumstances for not in-cluding a provision described in subsection (b) in power contracts of the Western Area Power Administration executed before or on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) A provision referred to in subsection (a) is a termination clause described in section 11 of the general power contract provisions of the Western Area Power Administration, effective September 1, 2007. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. GOSAR  A
MENDMENT NO. 10: At the end of title II, insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) The Secretary of the Interior, in coordination with the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of Agriculture, may enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences under which the Na-tional Academy of Sciences shall conduct a comprehensive study, to be completed not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, on the effectiveness and environ-mental impact of salt cedar control efforts (including biological control) in increasing water supplies, restoring riparian habitat, and improving flood management. (b) Not later than 1 year after the date of completion of the study under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior, in coordination with the Secretary of Agriculture, may pre-pare a plan for the removal of salt cedar from all Federal land in the Lower Colorado River basin based on the findings and rec-ommendations of the study conducted by the National Academy of Sciences that in-cludes— (1) provisions for revegetating Federal land with native vegetation; (2) provisions for adapting to the increas-ing presence of biological control in the Lower Colorado River basin; (3) provisions for removing salt cedar from Federal land during post-wildfire recovery activities; (4) strategies for developing partnerships with State, tribal, and local governmental entities in the eradication of salt cedar; and (5) budget estimates and completion timelines for the implementation of plan ele-ments. H.R. 5055 OFFERED BY: MS. CASTOR OF FLORIDA  A
MENDMENT NO. 11: Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $44,600,000)’’. Page 45, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $59,500,000)’’. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. PETERS  A
MENDMENT NO. 12: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order No. 13693 of March 19, 2015. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. PETERS  A
MENDMENT NO. 13: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to prevent the use of estimates of the social cost of carbon under Executive Order No. 12866 of Sep-tember 30, 1993. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MRS. BLACKBURN  A
MENDMENT NO. 14: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. Each amount made available by this Act is hereby reduced by 1 percent. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. CLAWSON OF FLORIDA  A
MENDMENT NO. 15: Page 4, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $50,000,000)’’. Page 46, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $50,000,000)’’. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. CONNOLLY  A
MENDMENT NO. 16: Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 45, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000)’’. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. DESAULNIER  A
MENDMENT NO. 17: Page 14, strike lines 7 through 19. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. ENGEL  A
MENDMENT NO. 18: Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,450,000)’’. Page 45, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,450,000)’’. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. FRANKS OF ARIZONA  A
MENDMENT NO. 19: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to purchase heavy water produced in Iran. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. LOEBSACK  A
MENDMENT NO. 20: Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,450,000)’’. Page 45, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,270,000)’’. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. BEYER  A
MENDMENT NO. 21: Page 13, beginning on line 3, strike section 108. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. BEYER  A
MENDMENT NO. 22: Page 13, beginning on line 20, strike section 110. H.R. 5055 OFFERED BY: MS. BONAMICI  A
MENDMENT NO. 23: Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $9,000,000)’’. Page 50, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $9,000,000)’’. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. ALGREEN OF TEXAS  A
MENDMENT NO. 24: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. In addition to the amounts oth-erwise provided under the heading ‘‘Depart-ment of the Army—Corps of Engineers- Civil—Construction’’, there is appropriated $311,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, to remain available through fiscal year 2026, for an ad-ditional amount for flood control projects and storm damage reduction projects to save lives and protect property in areas affected by flooding on April 19th, 2016, that have re-ceived a major disaster declaration pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for disaster relief pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. GRIFFITH  A
MENDMENT NO. 25: Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $50,000,000)’’. Page 45, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $45,000,000)’’. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. ELLISON  A
MENDMENT NO. 26: Page 50, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  A
MENDMENT NO. 27: Page 53, lines 11 through 16, strike ‘‘Provided’’ through ‘‘Pro- vided further’’ and insert ‘‘Provided’’. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  A
MENDMENT NO. 28: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) For an additional amount for ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation—Water and Related Resources’’ for an additional amount for WaterSMART programs, as authorized by subtitle F of title IX of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. ch. 109B), section 6002 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 1015a), title XVI of the Reclamation Projects Authorization and Adjustment Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 390h et seq.), and the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act (43 U.S.C. ch. 40), there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise made available by this Act for ‘‘National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration—Defense Nuclear Nonprolifera-tion’’ is hereby reduced by, $70,000,000. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘‘National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration—Defense Nuclear Nonprolifera-tion’’ in excess of $270,000,000 may be used for the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility project. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  A
MENDMENT NO. 29: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) For an additional amount for ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation—Water and Related Resources’’ for an additional amount for WaterSMART programs, as authorized by subtitle F of title IX of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. ch. 109B), section 6002 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 1015a), title XVI of the Reclamation Projects 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.104 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3097 May 24, 2016 
Authorization and Adjustment Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 390h et seq.), and the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act (43 U.S.C. ch. 40), there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise made available by this Act for ‘‘National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration—Weapons Activities’’ is hereby reduced by, $100,000,000. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘‘National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration—Weapons Activities’’ in excess of $120,253,000 may be used for the W80–4 Life Extension Program. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. PERRY  A
MENDMENT NO. 30: Page 43, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. Page 50, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $15,000,000)’’. H.R. 5055 OFFERED BY: MR. PITTENGER  A
MENDMENT NO. 31: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to withhold or re-voke funding previously awarded, or prevent funding under this Act from being awarded, to or within the State of North Carolina. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  A
MENDMENT NO. 32: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to expand pluto-nium pit production capacity at the PF–4 fa-cility at Los Alamos National Laboratory. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. BURGESS  A
MENDMENT NO. 33: At the end of the bill, before the short title, insert the following new section: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used— (1) to implement or enforce section 430.32(x) of title 10, Code of Federal Regula-tions; or (2) to implement or enforce the standards established by the tables contained in sec-tion 325(i)(1)(B) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(i)(1)(B)), or to implement or enforce section 430.32(n) of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to BPAR incandescent reflector lamps, BR incandescent reflector lamps, and ER incandescent reflector lamps. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. PITTENGER  A
MENDMENT NO. 34: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to revoke funding previously awarded, to or within the State of North Carolina. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY7.105 H24MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3063 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 24, 2016 No. 82 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, our strength, we take refuge in You. Thank You for watching over us, surrounding us. Surround us on every side with Your might. Give our lawmakers such vision of the vast sweep of Your purposes that they will be delivered from the bondage of irritating trifles. Keep them from being disturbed by life’s little annoy-ances. Infuse them with such wisdom and serenity that no external forces will disturb the peace they have re-ceived from You. Give them an aware-ness of Your Divine sovereignty, with-out which no government can long en-dure. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
LABOR DEPARTMENT FIDUCIARY RULE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this administration has been on a long reg-ulatory march for years now, and too often its regulations end up hurting the very Americans they purport to help. Although issued in the name of greater equality, it is actually the well-off and well-connected who are best positioned to deal with these new regulatory schemes. Meanwhile, pur-ported beneficiaries—like working and middle-class Americans—too often end up with higher costs and less access to things they actually need. We have seen it happen with ObamaCare. We have seen it happen to families and businesses that can’t get a loan due to Dodd-Frank. In the case of the so-called fiduciary rule, we are talking about a set of reg-ulations that will reduce access to in-vestment advice for those struggling to save for retirement. I have sincere con-cerns about what this could mean, not only for the ability of investment ad-visers to provide quality financial ad-vice but also for the ability of con-sumers to seek affordable retirement options. Today the Senate will have a chance to stand up for smaller savers and mid-dle-class families by voting for a dis-approval measure before us—a dis-approval measure to overturn a set of regulations many believe will make it harder for these families to save for re-tirement. Some have estimated that investment fees could more than dou-ble under this regulation. What this means is that many consumers could risk losing access to quality, low-cost retirement advice, and many financial advisers may not be able to offer sound financial products that provide peace of mind to their clients. But don’t take my word for it; many Kentuckians have voiced their con-cerns as well. I have received thou-sands of pieces of correspondence from constituents who fear the potential ef-fects of this regulation. I received one letter from Prospect, from someone with a small, independent insurance marketing company. Obviously, given the historic regulatory burden this rule places on the financial services and in-surance industries, particularly on small businesses, he is concerned about the impact of this rule on his small firm, but he also worries about the im-pact this rule will have on the families he is helping to prepare for retirement. This is what he wrote: This rule makes it virtually impossible for . . . independent life insurance agents to pro-vide valuable guidance to middle-class Amer-ica, and will cause irreparable harm to the citizens the rule was designed to protect. 
The regulation could potentially dis-courage investment advisers from tak-ing on clients with smaller accounts. These smaller accounts represent ev-eryday Americans who are trying to plan for their future and who now could have less access to sound invest-ment advice. The notices are coming from small savers, who are likely to hear something like ‘‘Sorry, but due to new regulations, we will no longer be able to service your account.’’ And again, if you make a lot of money, you are likely to do just fine and still have plenty of access to retirement advice, but it is the little guy who is likely to be harmed. That is why, from the mo-ment these regulations were proposed, there were so many bipartisan con-cerns raised about it. When this regulation goes into effect, too many Americans may be in danger of not receiving the financial advice they need for their retirement. One re-port projects the regulation could re-sult in up to $80 billion worth of lost savings every single year. Local chambers of commerce, small businesses, associations, and organiza-tions joined in a letter voicing their concerns that ‘‘this rule disproportion-ately disadvantages small businesses and those businesses with assets of less than $50 million, and stifles retirement savings for millions of employees by placing additional burdens on Amer-ica’s leading job creators, small busi-nesses, which will likely substantially reduce retirement savings for many Americans.’’ The administration has heard these protests over this regulation, but these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.000 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3064 May 24, 2016 
officials don’t seem to care about the harm it will cause. According to a re-port released by the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs chairman, the administration has ‘‘dis-regarded . . . concerns and declined to implement recommendations’’ from ca-reer nonpartisan staff and government officials. Not for the first time, this ad-ministration is rolling roughshod right over the concerns of too many Ameri-cans, including the people it should be working to protect, such as working families and low-income seniors. That is why I am proud to support this disapproval resolution to block en-forcement of this rule. For several years now, letter after letter from Re-publicans and Democrats went to the administration and the Department of Labor, urging them to rethink this rule. Unfortunately, you can sign on to all the letters in the world opposing a rule, but it all means nothing if you are not there to oppose a rule when it counts—when it comes time to vote. That time is now. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to consider the consequences of this rule on middle-class families and our economy and join me in stand-ing up for the middle class by voting for the resolution of disapproval. Mr. President, I particularly want to commend the senior Senator from Georgia for taking the lead on the ef-fort to overturn this unfortunate rule. He has been the leader on a variety of different issues that are extremely im-portant to his State and to our coun-try, and I commend him for his work on this matter we will be voting on later today. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
LABOR DEPARTMENT FIDUCIARY RULE Mr. REID. Mr. President, this is a new tack here. The Republican leader appears to say—doesn’t appear to say; it is what he said—that a rule would require investment advisers to act in the best interests of their investors. Is there something wrong with that? I don’t see it. Imagine, Republicans want investment advisers to act in someone else’s interests—namely, their own. The reason this came to be is that in-vestment advisers are more interested in how much they can make rather than the people who are trying to ac-quire some assets in their retirement age. This is widely accepted as being important. The only people who oppose it are the investment advisers who are putting money in their own pockets in-stead of those of the people they rep-resent. They have a fiduciary rule which is unwritten—of course, now it will be written—that you should take your clients’ interests first, and that is the way doctors have to operate, as well as lawyers and accountants. There is no reason that investment advisers shouldn’t also be in a position where they are more concerned about their client rather than themselves. f 
NOMINATION OF MERRICK GAR-LAND AND THE SENATE SCHED-ULE Mr. REID. Mr. President, tomorrow is the 100th day that there has been a vacancy in the Supreme Court. To his credit, President Obama didn’t rush into nominating someone; he took his time and interviewed scores of can-didates recommended to him by his staff and Senators and many people around the country. So 30 days after the vacancy appeared, President Obama came forward with Merrick Garland. If ever there were a consensus nomi-nee, Merrick Garland is that. The head of the Judiciary Committee at the time, the senior Senator from Utah, said: He is a consensus nomination. Why doesn’t the President do that? When the President does, he is sud-denly not interested—‘‘he,’’ meaning the senior Senator from Utah. For 70 days Senate Republicans have refused to do anything to move along Merrick Garland’s nomination. They will not look at Garland’s question-naire or study his record. They will not give him a hearing, and they are cer-tainly not going to give him a vote. They are absolutely committed to blocking a vote on this good man. So that is 10 full weeks of Republicans running away from their constitutional duty to provide their advice and con-sent to President Obama’s Supreme Court nomination. Given Senate Republicans’ light work schedule, perhaps it is no surprise that they have not found time to schedule a hearing and a vote on Merrick Garland. They are never here. News outlets are already reporting how little time the Republican Senate will spend in session this year. As one pub-lication, Politico, said a few days ago, ‘‘The chamber is on pace to work the fewest days in 60 years.’’ This is what the Senate calendar looks like for 2016, this schedule re-leased by the Republican leader. This is it. If you are wondering about these blocked-out days, that is when we are not in session. That doesn’t include the rest of the time around here—or, I should say, barely around here. Mon-days—the few Mondays that we are in— basically, nothing happens on Mon-days. We get here and vote at 5:30. Fri-days, we don’t work. As you can see, once in a while they schedule a Friday, but we don’t work on Fridays. We are so desperate to get out of here on Thursdays that votes are now sched-uled at a quarter to 2—not until 2. We all have caucuses, but we can’t wait to jump-start it and get out of here at a quarter until 2. As I indicated, we see the blacked- out days. These are recess days, days when the full Senate will not be in ses-sion and, of course, not working, not voting. To say we have had a lot of re-cesses lately is kind of an understate-ment. For example, the Republican Senate has worked just 27 days since Merrick Garland was nominated. He was nomi-nated March 16. Remember, on Mon-days we don’t do much around here. Thursday afternoons, we don’t. So we work Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and half a day on Thursday. That is quite a sched-ule. Had the Senate worked on any of these blacked-out days, we could have had a hearing for Merrick Garland, and we could have scheduled a vote. We also could have worked on any number of important issues Republicans have been ignoring. What about this Zika virus that is such a concern to health officials around the world? In March, we worked a little bit but not much. But at least in those days, perhaps we could have done something to fund Zika but, no, still playing around with that over here. A big cheer went up when a bill was passed, an appropriations bill, and it had in it a provision for Zika. One problem: That legislation will not be approved until the fall or even the win-ter. Mosquitoes are now breeding. It is getting warmer. It is going to be 90 de-grees in Washington, DC, on Friday. But no one on the Republican side seems to be too worried about that. We could look again at March. We can pick any month you want, but let’s try March. What about Flint, MI? Be-cause of some manipulation by the Governor of the State and others, the people of Flint, MI, suddenly were asked to drink water from a new source. They did not know that water was tainted with heavy volumes of lead. What a shame. I will never forget what I watched on ‘‘PBS NewsHour.’’ A mother was there crying, saying: I wanted to have my two children healthy, so they could not drink any soda pop ever. I helped poi-son my children because they drank the water of Flint, MI. We could have done something about that in March, April. Look at the months. But we have done nothing. Not a single penny has gone to Flint, MI. They are using bottled water. The opioid epidemic—there was a big cheer here: We did something on opioids. The problem is that there is no money. As we speak here today, in the hour we will take up here on the floor this morning before we get to the busi-ness of the day, in America about 20 people will die from opioid overdoses. We should be doing something about that, but we are not. The American people have been say-ing that the Republicans should simply do their jobs, but, as we have seen from the schedule, it is difficult to do your job when you don’t bother to show up to work. The theme for this year’s Re-publican Senate should be ‘‘The Repub-lican Senate was not in session.’’ That quote is from me. Remember, this is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.002 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3065 May 24, 2016 
the lightest Senate work calendar in some six decades. The Republican lead-er has the Senate on pace for almost no work and for the most days off in 60 years. Look at the summer vacation. I think we should be able to get in a few days of leisure during the summer va-cation. What do you think? Look at it—7 weeks, including the first week in September. Seven consecutive weeks off—the longest summer recess in many decades. The population of the country has increased in 60 years but not the Senate schedule. The problems of the country have increased in 60 years but not the Senate schedule. The Republican leader didn’t have to set such a light schedule. There is no ar-chaic Senate rule that requires the world’s greatest deliberative body to go dark for an entire summer. This was his choice. Do we need all this time off in July for the conventions? I don’t think so. We have so many Republicans who are saying they are not even going to the convention. They are embarrassed to be there with Trump, I guess. If they are not going to Cleveland, stay here and work. The Senate Republicans have already wasted the last 70 days doing nothing on Merrick Garland’s nomination. These days are lost. We can’t go back to them. But what about the rest of the year? We have all this time to give Judge Garland a hearing and a vote, but we can’t consider the nomination if we are not here. The Senate should stay in session until our work is com-pleted. The President said we shouldn’t go home on Thursday. We shouldn’t go home until we fund Zika. That is a menace the American people are fac-ing, especially American women. We shouldn’t leave town unless we fully fund the President’s request of $1.9 bil-lion. We should not take this summer off while a vacancy remains on the Su-preme Court. The Republican leader should not have this body scheduled to work less than any Senate in the last 60 years while so many issues that are important to the American people go unresolved. Mr. President, will the Chair an-nounce what the Senate is going to do the rest of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. The Senator from Georgia. 
f 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I move to proceed to H.J. Res. 88. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 460, H.J. Res. 88, a joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fidu-ciary.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 88) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to the provisions of the Congressional Review Act, 5 USC 801, and following, there will be up to 10 hours of debate, equally divided between those favoring and opposing the resolution. The Senator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, H.J. Res. 88 is exactly the same as the reso-lution of disapproval I introduced in the Senate, but it has already passed the House. So today if we could take a vote and pass it, we could send it to the President, hopefully, for his signature or at least for him to express himself one way or another. There are nine letters in the word ‘‘fiduciary.’’ There are 672 pages of defi-nitions describing that one 9-letter word. This is a solution in search of a problem. It is bad for America, bad for our savers, and makes ‘‘too big to fail’’ even bigger in America today. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a letter from 461 people of the United States of America who are opposed to this bill. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MAY23, 2016. T
O THE MEMBERS OF THE UNITED STATES  S
ENATE : The undersigned associations, chambers of commerce, organizations, and small businesses are writing to express our deep concerns regarding the U.S. Depart-ment of Labor’s (DOL) final rule on the Defi-nition of a Fiduciary. This rule dispropor-tionately disadvantages small businesses and those businesses with assets of less than $50 million, and stifle retirement savings for millions of employees by placing additional burdens on America’s leading job creators, small businesses. This will substantially re-duce retirement savings for many Ameri-cans, and therefore we urge you to support S.J. Res. 33. On April 6, 2016, the DOL issued a final rulemaking that expands what is considered fiduciary investment advice under the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), negatively impacting small busi-ness retirement plans and savers with less than $50 million in assets. Through SEP IRAs and SIMPLE IRAs, small business own-ers and their employees have accumulated approximately $472 billion of retirement sav-ings covering more than 9 million U.S. households. The DOL final rule threatens the continued success of these plans and the ability of small businesses to provide retire-ment security at a time when millions of Americans have reached or are approaching retirement age. Ultimately, it may even en-courage additional saving losses for those who will not be able to access meaningful in-vestment assistance. First, the final rule makes it harder to pro-vide retirement plans to small businesses or any business that has less than $50 million in assets (small plans). The broadened defini-tion of investment advice includes routine communications where no intention to pro-vide individualized fiduciary advice has been expected, such as ‘‘sales’’ communications and certain educational materials. However, despite this broad definition, the proposal carves out large plan advisors from this defi-nition. If a fiduciary has $50 million or more in assets, the advisor to that large plan is ex-empt from being a fiduciary, while an advi-sor to a fiduciary with less than $50 million in assets, which primarily constitutes small businesses, is not. Because an advisor to plans with less than $50 million are not carved out of the rule, the advisor who is trying to market retirement savings option to a small plan is considered to be providing investment advice and must determine how to comply with the rule. Due to these additional burdens advisors to small plans are likely to incur additional costs, which will be passed on to the plan. Further, some advisors to small plans may be incentivized to no longer offer their services to small plans if they determine that the small-scale of such plans means the expense and risk of changing business models and fee structures is not justified. Second, advisors to small plans must ei-ther change their fee arrangement or qualify for a special rule called an ‘‘exemption’’ in order to provide services on the same terms as before. The new exemption called the ‘‘Best Interest Contract’’ incorporates many new challenging conditions and require-ments that would substantially increase costs for advisors that may ultimately get passed down to small plans or small business employees. Finally, the final rule limits investment education to IRA owners, including small business employees participating in a SEP IRA or SIMPLE IRA plan. While advisors are permitted to provide model asset allocations appropriate for IRA owners, they are not per-mitted to help identify specific funds or in-vestment options that correlate to the model asset allocations. This restriction will make it more challenging for small business em-ployees, and may ultimately deter them from saving for retirement altogether. More complex regulations mean more hur-dles and compliance costs and a greater like-lihood of litigation. Main Street advisors will have to review how they do business and likely will decrease services, increase costs, or both. Under the final rule, small business SEP IRA and SIMPLE IRA arrangement will become more expensive to serve, meaning that small businesses will ultimately lose access to their advisors and disproportion-ately bear the costs of excessive regulation. Consequently the DOL’s fiduciary rule ulti-mately harms the very small businesses and workers they are intended to protect. We strongly urge the Senate to take action to help preserve retirement savings for Ameri-cans. 
Mr. ISAKSON. I want to read one paragraph from the letter because it says better than anything I could say what is wrong with the fiduciary rule that is proposed by the Department of Labor. 
First, the final rule makes it harder to pro-vide retirement plans to small businesses or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.004 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3066 May 24, 2016 
any business that has less than $50 million in assets. . . . The broadened definition of in-vestment advice includes routine commu-nications where no intention to provide indi-vidualized fiduciary advice has been ex-pected. 
It exempts anybody with over $50 million in assets from being applied to the rule and includes everybody with under $50 million. The President of the United States has said, as have so many of us on the floor of the Senate, that it is time for us to end too big to fail. Since what happened in 2008 to our people and our economy, we know that businesses get so large, they get unwieldy, and that they get so strong, sometimes the lit-tle guy can get crushed. But here is a rule that is proposed to help the little guy, and what does it do? Under the law, it exempts the big guys if they have $50 million or more in assets, but if they have $50 million or less in as-sets, it imposes 672 pages of new defini-tions of fiduciary rules. Again, it is a solution in search of a problem that does not exist. It also has a broad number of restric-tions on IRA investment advice that investment adviser can give to an IRA saver. We know there are a lot of peo-ple around this town, in Washington, who want to end the IRAs and put gov-ernment savings accounts in charge of everybody. This may be a part of that motivation to drive a fiduciary rule that creates more government savings accounts, more government savings programs, and fewer decisions the indi-vidual can make. The rule singles out the IRA for these new regulations that did not previously apply to them, and that is another reason this is a prob-lem. In fact, to tell you the honest truth, what this bill does is it promotes less advice or no advice at all to a small saver and free exemption under the law to a big company managing their savings. We need to get the American people saving money. We need to get them planning for their future. Let’s think about this for a second. We have a safe-ty net today in America. We have a safety net of housing. We have a safety net of food stamps. We have rent sub-sidies. We have SSI disability. We have all kinds of welfare and benefits for people who have fallen through the cracks. Every person who falls through the cracks deserves the help of this country, but every person who can save for their future and avoid becoming de-pendent on the government is money in the bank for us, and it is money in the bank and freedom for them. To put more restrictions on a small saver, more restrictions on those who provide business to small savers—all we are doing is causing more people to go on the safety net of American Gov-ernment benefits and less people to provide for themselves. If ever there were one reason and one reason alone that we should disapprove this resolution, it is this: Secretary Perez proposed this in 2010 and dropped it because there was so much opposi-tion. They came back with this new pro-posal in 2016, and they propounded the rule, and the rule is now before us in this 672 pages. But the Senate can take the initiative today to join the House in rescinding this rule and recalling this rule and not letting it go into ef-fect. A vote to recall this rule and rescind this rule is a vote for small business, a vote for freedom, a vote for equity, and a vote for the American people. A vote to reinstate or keep this rule instated is a vote against the small guy and for the big corporate financial interests in Washington and New York City. I don’t think we want to do that. I think we want Americans saving for them-selves—free Americans giving good ad-vice to citizens who invest and seeing to it that every American citizen is planning for their future. Today I join the 461 folks who signed this letter to the Senate. I join my 41 colleagues in the Senate who joined me in sponsoring the Senate resolution. I join the majority in the House of Rep-resentatives who say this rule goes too far. And I plea with each and every Member of the Senate, when they vote today, to vote to rescind the fiduciary rule propounded by the Department of Labor. Let’s send it to the President, and let’s send him a message. If he wants to end too big to fail, then let’s start passing laws that cause too big to fail not to get bigger and instead em-power small business, the American people, and the small saver. I urge my colleagues to vote yes in favor of the resolution of disapproval. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, after a lifetime of hard work, all seniors should have the chance to live out their golden years on firm financial footing and with peace of mind. A se-cure retirement is also important to strengthening our Nation’s middle class and ensuring that our country works for all Americans and not just the wealthiest few, but for too long the deck has been stacked against people trying to save up for their retirement. That is especially true for far too many people seeking retirement advice. Until now, financial advisers and brokers were under no legal obligation to work in their client’s best interest, and with-out this requirement, some financial advisers have lined their own pockets by steering clients toward complicated investments. Some have recommended that retirees make transactions that come with hidden fees and some advis-ers get a commission when they sell a financial product, even if it doesn’t make sense for the client. We finally have a new protection that would right that wrong. It is called the fiduciary rule, and it is pret-ty simple. It says: If you are going to give people advice on their retirement accounts, you should put the client’s best interest in front of your own. Un-fortunately, we are here because Re-publicans want to block that new rule from helping families, and that is just wrong. It is not fair to people all over the country who are trying to put money away for retirement. Let’s understand this new important protection and how it will help fami-lies. Many Americans are not finan-cially prepared for retirement. Middle- class wages have been stagnant for dec-ades, and it is getting harder and hard-er for people to make ends meet let alone save for their retirement. In fact, more than half of Americans have less than $10,000 in savings. Households with people between the ages of 55 and 64 only have a little more than $14,000 in their retirement savings account, and that is the group of people closest to retirement. Today families need every dollar they save for retirement to count. When people seek out retirement in-vestment advice, many financial advis-ers do the right thing and put their cli-ents first. They hold themselves to a higher standard than what the new law currently requires, but some others do not. Take the man who worked for 50 years as an electrical engineer for a utility company. His daughter shared his story anonymously, but I think it is an important illustration for anyone who wants to save for their retirement. The man built a retirement nest egg in stocks and savings. When he was 80 years old, he sought out advice from a financial adviser—someone he thought he could trust. That financial adviser recommended he switch his savings to more complicated investment prod-ucts. Those products came with a com-mission, so the adviser was paid with each and every transaction. Those transactions ultimately whittled down the retiree’s savings by more than two- thirds—two-thirds of his retirement savings. A few years of bad, biased ad-vice from a financial adviser decimated 50 years of savings. The new fiduciary rule from the De-partment of Labor would close the loopholes that allow brokers and finan-cial advisers to give their clients bi-ased advice. Advisers will now make a legally binding commitment to the families they work with. Families today have enough to worry about. Questioning the advice they get on their retirement accounts should not have to be one of them. Unfortunately, instead of standing up for retirement savers across the coun-try, my Republican colleagues are dead set on saving the status quo. Repub-licans want to roll back this new pro-tection that would help retirees keep more of their retirement savings, and they want to make sure the Depart-ment of Labor can never again create a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.005 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3067 May 24, 2016 
protection to prevent financial advis-ers from bilking savers out of their hard-earned money. We know what the Republicans will say to defend this out-rageous position, so let me go ahead and address those issues point by point. Contrary to what my Republican col-leagues will argue, this is a workable solution. The Department of Labor went to great lengths to create a delib-erate process and took the feedback from consumer groups and the finan-cial industry itself to make it easier for them to implement this new rule. Many firms and advisers are already, by the way, putting families first, so we know working in the client’s best interest can work. That is No. 1. No. 2, the Department of Labor abso-lutely has the authority to create this important protection for families. In 1974, Congress passed the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act, and that law gives the Department of Labor clear authority to define a fidu-ciary as it relates to retirement sav-ings. Finally, this rule will help savers re-gardless of how big their retirement savings account is. Some of my Repub-lican colleagues are arguing that finan-cial firms will cut off advice for low- and middle-income savers, but I want to remind my friends across the aisle that many firms have already figured out how to help these so-called small savers, and these firms are doing it while also adhering to the fiduciary standard. Republicans say their opposi-tion to the rule is all about helping small savers, but I guarantee these sav-ings are not small to these families who rely on that money in their retire-ment. In fact, they have the most to lose through financial advisers’ hidden fees and complicated financial products with lower returns. It is time we protect these so-called small savers from conflicted, biased ad-vice. Over the years, millions of fami-lies have worked hard. They put their money away for retirement and have invested their savings to grow their re-tirement nest eggs. In short, they have tried to do everything right. Unfortu-nately, some financial advisers have not always done the right thing be-cause they haven’t had to, and that needs to change, but the resolution the Republicans are offering today would be a major step backward. I urge my colleagues to reject this resolution. Instead of attacking a fam-ily’s best chance of getting guaranteed, unbiased retirement advice, I hope my Republican colleagues will work with Democrats to ensure that more seniors can have a secure retirement, expand their economic security, and help our economy grow from the middle out, not from the top down. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor to my colleague. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. 
ADAM WALSH REAUTHORIZATION BILL  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak in favor of the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act, which I am pleased to say passed the Senate yesterday. I thank my col-leagues Senator GRASSLEY and Senator S
CHUMER for their work on this issue. I was proud to be a cosponsor of this bipartisan legislation which reauthor-izes key provisions of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act. This bill was named for Adam Walsh, who was abducted from a Sears department store and murdered when he was just 6 years old. We need to work harder to prevent horrific crimes like this from happening again. In this regard, Federal support is vital to State and local law enforce-ment efforts to make sure sex offenders can be tracked and monitored. This legislation creates a safer environment for our children by providing needed re-sources for those on the frontlines. In particular, this legislation assists State and local law enforcement in im-proving sex offender registries and in-formation sharing and aids them in lo-cating and apprehending sex offenders. It also authorizes resources for the U.S. Marshals to aid State and local law enforcement. We know sex offenders are not afraid to move across State lines, and that is why it is critical to provide the re-sources needed to fight to keep our children safe from criminal predators and other influences that are dan-gerous to their safety and well-being. As a former prosecutor, I know the importance of sex offender registries in equipping our law enforcement officers with every tool available to prevent sex crimes. When I was county attorney for Min-nesota’s most populous county, I saw firsthand the pain and heartbreak caused by sexual abuse to survivors and their families. During that time, I made aggressive prosecution of those who victimize children a top priority. I wish I could say the tragedy that befell Adam Walsh was an isolated, one-time incident, but it is still hap-pening across the country. Just earlier this month in St. Paul, MN, a 7-year- old girl was abducted within 1 minute of being out of her father’s sight. That girl was luckier than some. Police found her and arrested her alleged ab-ductor within hours of her abduction, but still the scars of the traumatic event will haunt her for the rest of her life. I am hopeful we can come together to prevent these horrible crimes and en-sure that the Adam Walsh Reauthor-ization Act becomes law. Now that the Senate passed this commonsense legis-lation on a bipartisan basis, the House should do the same. 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK  
Mr. President, I now rise to speak on another topic; that is, my strong sup-port for the Ex-Im Bank—the Export- Import Bank. With the leadership of many in this Chamber, including Sen-ators C
ANTWELL , H EITKAMP , B ROWN , G
RAHAM , and many others on both sides of the aisle, we have worked very hard and were able to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank late last year. Currently, only two of the five Ex-Im Board seats are filled, and that is not functional. As a result, the Ex-Im Board cannot approve loan guarantees and other financing tools for medium- and long-term transactions valued in excess of $10 million, and the Board cannot put the reforms in place that were an important part of the reau-thorization bill. Some of my colleagues who actually voted for this bill—and some who didn’t—said it should be re-formed and that there should be changes. We put those reforms in place and had it reauthorized. It was the will of the Senate, Congress, and President to get it reauthorized, and it was reau-thorized, but it still cannot function for any new transactions of any signifi-cant size nor can any of the reforms be put in place. Why? Because of the dys-functional situation of only having two of the five Board seats filled. In January, Mark McWatters was nominated to serve on the Ex-Im Board. He is qualified, and by con-firming Mr. McWatters, we can give the Ex-Im Bank the quorum it needs to support American businesses that want to sell products overseas. The Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, which was included in the Fixing America’s Sur-face Transportation bill, or the FAST Act, included several changes to the existing structure of the Ex-Im Bank, including risk management policies, fraud controls, and ethics reforms, as well as promoting exports for small businesses. Under these reforms, small business financing would be increased, elec-tronic document systems would be modernized, the Bank’s fraud controls would be reviewed, and the risk to tax-payers would be reduced. But without a quorum and Board approval, without having this additional person con-firmed—the Republican nominee—the Ex-Im Bank is not able to adopt the ac-countability measures or update the loan limits so that American busi-nesses have access to the financing they need to compete globally. The governance measures in the Ex- Im Bank reauthorization strengthen the oversight of the Bank’s operations and procedures. They would establish the Office of Ethics, headed by a chief ethics officer who reports directly to the Ex-Im Bank Board. They would also create a chief risk officer and a risk management committee which are designed to oversee the Bank’s oper-ations, conduct stress tests of the Bank’s portfolio, monitor exposure lev-els and review Ex-Im Bank’s default rate reports. These were all issues that were raised by those who wanted either to get rid of the Bank or greatly change the Bank—right? So we put a number of these reforms in place. Why didn’t we adopt these reforms? Because my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are not allowing a Re-publican nominee to get on this Board. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.006 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3068 May 24, 2016 
That is the definition of dysfunction. These reforms will help the Bank func-tion better and protect taxpayer re-sources, which is what my colleagues are wanting to do to protect taxpayer resources, but yet we cannot put the reforms in place. The Ex-Im reauthorization also modified certain loan terms and in-creased the threshold for midterm and long-term financing and for small busi-ness working capital loans and guaran-tees. The increased financing amounts will help U.S. businesses access inter-national markets. When our companies are competing against overseas companies for con-tracts, they need the Ex-Im Bank. In 2015, the Ex-Im Bank provided support for $17 billion in U.S. exports—not mil-lion, but $17 billion in U.S. exports. That is a lot of jobs. That means $17 billion of products from our country, made in the United States and made by American workers. It sounds like a lot. The cap that we have in place now is $135 billion for total outstanding financing. But a re-cent article in the Financial Times shows that the China Development Bank and the Export-Import Bank of China combined had an estimated $684 billion in total development financing. We are out there at $17 billion with a cap of $135 billion. We need to make Ex-Im fully func-tioning so that it can approve all deals just like its counterpart in China, just like our counterparts in other devel-oped nations. We also want to put these important reforms in place that many of our friends on the other side of the aisle want to see in place. If we don’t, countries like China are going to eat our lunch. It is not just China. There are 85 credit export agencies in over 60 other countries, including all major export-ing countries. Our companies are com-peting against foreign businesses that are backed by their own countries’ credit export programs and often re-ceive other government subsidies. Why would we want to make it harder for our own companies—American compa-nies—to create jobs right here at home? That is what we are doing. We, the Congress, and certainly the President realized that we needed to reauthorize the Bank. But now we are not able to function and to put on sim-ply one more Board member, and we don’t have a quorum to make deci-sions. That Board member is a Repub-lican nominee. If we want a level play-ing field for our businesses, we need to have our Export-Import Bank open and running. This is about jobs. In 2015, the Ex-Im Bank provided $17 billion in financing that supported 109,000 U.S. jobs. This is despite the fact that the charter lapsed between July and December of last year, meaning that they literally could only do their work for half the year. We need to make sure that the Ex-Im Bank is able to make small businesses and American businesses grow and reach markets all over the world. The Ex-Im Bank offers loans, loan guarantees, and export credit insur-ance. Increased accountability and oversight are needed to make sure these programs are strong. Since we reauthorized the Ex-Im Bank, 649 transactions worth $1.8 bil-lion have been approved, supporting hundreds of U.S. small businesses. These small business owners, such as the many I have met with in Min-nesota, told me that the Ex-Im Bank is essential for their ability to access new and emerging markets all over the world. Balzer is an example of an agricul-tural equipment manufacturer with 75 employees and based in Mountain Lake, MN, a town of 2,000 people. They now export 15 percent of the total sales with the help of the Ex-Im Bank. Over the past 5 years Ex-Im financing has supported $1.7 million in exports. But guess what. What if Balzer got bigger and became a medium-size company wanting to do something over $10 mil-lion. What if they wanted to do some-thing new and get a new bigger loan, but they can’t get it approved because we only have two of the five members on the Ex-Im Bank Board. So we can-not get the new financing approved. Do we think they are doing that in China? Do we think they are doing that in any other developed nation where they say: Well, we are just going to have two of the five people on this Board to do some of the work with some of the smaller companies, which are impor-tant, but we are not going to be able to do anything when they are competing for a major contract. That is what we are doing right now. Take Ralco, a small animal feed manufacturer in Marshall, a town of 13,500. Ralco is a third-generation fam-ily business that just celebrated its 45th anniversary. Ralco exports to over 20 countries. Over the last 5 years, Ex- Im has provided financing that sup-ports nearly $11.7 million in exports for Ralco. If that was just in one contract that was over $10 million in new fi-nancing, they wouldn’t be able to get it approved because of the fact that the Banking Committee and this Congress has decided to stall out and approve the Ex-Im Bank but cut off its ability for any major new financing. That is what is happening right now. How about Superior Industries in Morris, MN? Superior manufactures bulk-material processing and handling systems. There are 5,000 people in this town, and 500 people in Morris work at that company. That is 10 percent of the population. Ex-Im has provided financ-ing that supports nearly $3.1 million in exports for Superior over the last 5 years. The list goes on. These are not large corporations. These are family busi-nesses and smaller companies that are essential to the economic well-being of the towns and counties. The Ex-Im Bank helps these small businesses from all over my State compete and export globally. These are success stories, and we need more of them. These are the stories we are hearing from every State. These are the stories we want to hear—not the stories that we are now hearing about companies that are closing down operations or that are laying off employees because they are not able to access the new fi-nancing they need to make major deals. They are going to foreign compa-nies whose countries have the foresight and have their act together in their governments or in their congresses so they don’t leave three of five positions open on their financing authority boards. Ex-Im has many transactions waiting for Board approval. There are about $10 billion of deals waiting in this pipeline. So when my colleagues talk about cre-ating jobs, there are $10 billion in pri-vate deals in the pipeline simply wait-ing to have one Board member con-firmed so that we can get this done. The Ex-Im Bank reauthorization passed with broad bipartisan support. We need to confirm J. Mark McWatters and put in place these important re-forms to start approving transactions so our businesses can export to the world. Usually, people sometimes stall on a confirmation because someone is viewed as too extreme or there is some problem with their record. This is a Re-publican nominee to fill a Republican slot on the Board. We need to get this done. Our workers, our businesses, and our country are counting on us to get this done. I ask my colleagues to urge the Banking Committee to get this nomi-nee through or somehow through some other procedural genius way bring this to the floor so that we can get this done. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the Congressional Review Act resolution of disapproval is about protecting the right of ordinary Americans to retire. That is what this is about. We are trying to stop the Labor De-partment’s so-called fiduciary rule, which will restrict access to basic re-tirement planning advice for all but the wealthiest Americans and will force ordinary Americans to go it alone and to try to make the best guess they can about how to manage their money for retirement. Here is how. The ad-ministration’s new rule updates the rules and requirements for retirement advisers, now requiring them to act as ‘‘fiduciaries.’’ That, like many of the administration’s rules, sounds good and sounds helpful, but in practice it is going to cause great harm. The administration has created new legal liability, and that liability is so risky that advisers will only take on that liability and risk if they are advis-ing individuals with big assets, so that the potential return outweighs the risk. In other words, good retirement advice will be available only to the rich under this rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.008 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3069 May 24, 2016 
We know this because a similar rule was implemented in the United King-dom in 2013. The result was that people with smaller savings accounts lost ac-cess to retirement advice. Many firms quit providing face-to-face advice for small accounts. A quarter of all small firms were forced to close shop alto-gether. The United Kingdom’s four largest banks have all raised the min-imum levels of assets for clients to re-ceive advice—$80,000 at one bank, $160,000 at another, $355,000 at a third, and $800,000 at a fourth—due to the new rules. So to access retirement accounts at the United Kingdom’s biggest banks, you have to have at least $80,000 in your account. So what would that look like here in the United States? Well, 77 percent of 401(k) balances in the United States are below $80,000, the lowest threshold, and 99.2 percent of the 401(k) balances in the United States are below the $800,000 threshold. So if the banks of the United States respond like the United King-dom’s banks did to this rule, we might find that less than 1 percent of Ameri-cans will be rich enough to receive re-tirement advice at one of our Nation’s largest banks. We should call this ‘‘Only the Rich Retire’’ rule. Americans with smaller retirement savings or Americans who are just get-ting started saving for retirement are at the greatest risk for losing access to affordable retirement advice. Unless you have at least $80,000, you may not be able to get advice. Your small amount may not be worth the liability to the adviser. This will force middle- and low-income Americans to invest on their own without advice. This means they may not save at all or may make poor decisions at critical times like market downturns. Younger Ameri-cans, minorities, and women are the most likely to be hurt. Ninety-five per-cent of Americans between the ages of 25 and 34 with 401(k) plans have bal-ances under $80,000. Seventy-five per-cent of Black households and 80 per-cent of Latino households age 25 to 64 have less than $10,000 in retirement savings, compared with 50 percent of White households. The median IRA bal-ance is $25,969 for American women compared to $81,700 for men. Even left- leaning economists estimate that this rule would cost middle-class Americans as much as $80 billion in lost savings. The late Chet Atkins, the prominent guitarist from Nashville, said: ‘‘In life you have to be mighty careful where you aim because you are likely to get there.’’ Well, retirement is all about planning. If you don’t know how to plan, it is going to be pretty hard to re-tire. In Chet Atkins’ terms, if you are not able to make a plan, it is hard to retire. Retirement planning is complicated. Our tax system is a mess. Most work-ing Americans don’t have time to learn about all the financial vehicles avail-able for them to save and to under-stand exactly what steps they must take to have enough money to enjoy life when they end their careers. This rule comes at a time when many Amer-icans are beginning to save money again after surviving the worst reces-sion since the Great Depression and the slowest recovery since the Great De-pression. This rule is allegedly to pro-tect individuals from misleading in-vestment advice, but in practice the new rule will make retirement plan-ning unaffordable for lower to middle- income Americans whose accounts are not valuable enough for advisers to take on the new legal liability created by this rule. One of the most radical and out-of- touch aspects of the Obama adminis-tration’s agenda has been its labor policies. Take the overtime rule. At colleges, this rule could force students to pay more tuition. One Tennessee college estimates $850 more per stu-dent. The President is running around talking about keeping college costs down. Why is it that this administra-tion is coming out with a rule that would raise tuition $850 per student? At workplaces, this overtime rule could result in workers having their hours and benefits cut, fewer opportu-nities for advancement, less flexibility, and less control over their work ar-rangements. Then there is the joint employer de-cision. Through this National Labor Relations Board decision, the adminis-tration is trying to steal the American dream from owners of the Nation’s 780,000 franchise businesses and from millions of contractors by destroying the franchise model that has helped so many Americans go from cashier to business owner. Then there is ObamaCare. The health care law defines full-time work as only 30 hours. That really sounds more like France than the United States. It has forced employers to cut their workers’ hours or reduce hiring altogether in order to escape ObamaCare’s mandate and its unaffordable penalties. Then there are micro-unions. This National Labor Relations Board deci-sion will allow collective bargaining units made up of subsets of employees within the same company. It will di-vide workplaces. It will make it harder and more expensive for employers to manage their workplace and do busi-ness. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce noted recently: 
‘‘The overtime regulation joins the re-cently finalized fiduciary rule which will re-duce the ability of small business to provide retirement benefits; the EEOC’s proposed re-vised EEO–1 form that will explode the bur-den on employers for reporting compensation by micro-demographics; OSHA’s just-re-leased injury reporting regulation that will result in sensitive employer data being post-ed on the Internet for use by unions and trial lawyers; and the Department of Labor’s re-cently issued ‘persuader’ regulation that is intended to chill the ability of employers to retain competent labor counsel during union organizing campaigns.’’ 
This retirement rule is only the most recent in a series of actions that make it much harder for employers to add jobs and much harder for workers to climb the economic ladder of oppor-tunity. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FLAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
MOSAIC LIFE CARE INVESTIGATION  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I wish to address an important inves-tigation that has produced significant results for low-income people and that the Republican majority in the Senate helped bring about. In late December 2014, news reports indicated that a nonprofit hospital chain in Missouri and Kansas, Mosaic Life Care, had been aggressively suing low-income patients. These news re-ports further indicated that many of these patients qualified for financial assistance and were wrongly placed in collection. Let me be clear. Nonprofit hospitals should not be in the business of aggres-sively suing their patients. As recipi-ents of a tax-exempt status, these hos-pitals have a heightened duty to assist patients in qualifying for financial as-sistance. That means these hospitals must implement a financial-assistance policy where low-income persons re-ceive free- or reduced-cost care. Fur-ther, these types of hospitals must as-sist low-income persons in ensuring that the proper paperwork for govern-ment assistance or private insurance is properly filed. In essence, because of the favorable tax treatment these hos-pitals receive, they have a duty to help our Nation’s most vulnerable. For these reasons, I began my inves-tigation into Mosaic to determine what, if anything, went wrong. On Jan-uary 16 of last year, I sent a letter to Mosaic to begin my inquiry. Over the past year, my staff has met with Mo-saic representatives, exchanged numer-ous emails, and had many phone calls to get a better idea of the process at issue. It became clear that Mosaic was lacking the right number of personnel to manage financial assistance intake. Common sense tells me that when anyone visits a hospital, it is often a scary event under any condition. When we go to hospitals, it is generally be-cause something has gone wrong. In that moment of need, we put our lives in the hands of professionals to help us get healthy. In those moments of pain and fear, we put our trust in medical professionals to give us the right care. In other words, we place our trust in the hospital to have hired the right 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.009 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3070 May 24, 2016 
people. And, as normally happens, after treatment is provided, here comes the bill. Again, common sense tells me noth-ing in life is free. Someone, not always the patient, will always have to pay the bill. It is common sense; there is no free lunch. But when it involves low-in-come persons and a nonprofit charity hospital has provided the treatment, that hospital should provide some type of financial assistance or help to get fi-nancial assistance if it is available. That obligation exists simply because of the tax-exempt status. If you want that status of tax exemp-tion, you are supposed to help those who are less fortunate. So when that bill comes, the hospital must ensure that it has people in place to assist the patient in filing for financial assist-ance if it is available. If the patient doesn’t have any coverage, but his or her income is so low that they qualify for free- or reduced-cost care, the hos-pital should ensure that patients know help is available. It is common sense. Employees should explain the process and pa-tients’ rights. Tax-exempt hospitals cannot be in business to profit from poor people who may not know what form to file. That is not what Congress intended to happen when we created the tax exemption. During the course of my investiga-tion into Mosaic, I made clear that they must have adequate personnel. In response to my overtures, Mosaic has hired seven resource advocates to as-sist with Medicaid, supplemental as-sistance, and Social Security disability applications. Two additional financial counselors were reassigned to focus solely on assisting patients navigate the financial assistance process. Impor-tantly, Mosaic will hire an additional financial counselor dedicated to its outpatient clinic. Finally, five patient financial service representatives have been assigned with the duty of ensur-ing the timely processing of financial assistance applications. These are very important as well as productive steps to take. It just makes sense for a charitable health care insti-tution to help its low-income patients rather than sending debt collectors after them and suing them. It is com-mon sense. You cannot get blood out of a turnip. Further, during the course of my in-vestigation, I made clear that charging interest on accounts prior to final judgment would further burden the poor. Nonprofits need to take steps to reduce debt burdens, not increase that debt. In response, Mosaic will no longer charge interest on accounts until a final court judgment. Further, to pro-vide even more opportunity for pa-tients to receive financial assistance, Mosaic has extended its four-statement bill cycle to six. That will allow more opportunities for patients to receive notice of their ability to receive finan-cial assistance. These steps will help patients in the long run. Again, common sense tells me it is important, and it is important to note that there is a certain amount of self- responsibility to be accepted when someone incurs a bill for services ren-dered. But that doesn’t mean hospitals shouldn’t lend a helping hand. Just look at any Medicare and/or health in-surance bill that you get. You know then how intimidating that document can be. The changes I just mentioned are not the end of this, however. I wish to note a much more profound result. I repeat-edly urged Mosaic to look at low-in-come patients already in the collection system or the court system. Over the course of several months, I urged them to consider forgiving their debt when it was obvious that people didn’t have the income to pay. In response, Mosaic instituted a 3- month debt-forgiveness period running from October 1, 2015, to December 31, 2015. Importantly, during this forgive-ness period, Mosaic lowered the thresh-old by which a patient could qualify for financial assistance. When a patient was already in collection or already subject to a court judgment, they could apply for debt forgiveness. Mosaic recently informed me of the results of their change of policy. The debt forgiveness program resulted in 5,542 financial assistance applications, of which 5,070 were approved. A total of $16.9 million in debt, interest, and legal fees were forgiven. Over 5,000 people no longer have to worry about their debt burden; 5,000 people are free from the vice grip of almost $17 million. Medical debt is vicious. It is a mental and emotional drain that can bring the strongest among us to our knees. For some patients, they will never be able to pay off their debt. Mosaic eventually did the right thing. It deserves credit for that. Con-sidering where I started in this inves-tigation, it probably shocks Mosaic that I would compliment them. But I speak from the heart that when they make these changes, they ought to be complimented. Now, thousands of people have a new lease on life, thanks to Mosaic’s meet-ing nonprofit tax-exempt responsibil-ities. That is where we are coming from. If it hadn’t been for the tax ex-emption and accepting the responsibil-ities of tax exemption, there would be no way we could complain about Mo-saic. I wish to point out a lesson to all 535 Members of Congress. That is why oversight is so important. That is why I take my responsibilities as chairman of the Judiciary Committee so seri-ously. Results matter. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that all time spent in quorum calls be charged equally to both sides during debate in relation to H.J. Res. 88. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues in sup-porting the conflict-of-interest rule that was recently finalized by the De-partment of Labor. This is a fair and balanced rule that protects our Na-tion’s retirees and savers. In fact, it is a rule that makes sure that in the midst of a retirement crisis in this country, where people are having a harder and harder time making sure that after working a lifetime they have the money they need to retire—it is bringing common sense back to that process. I firmly believe that the conflict-of- interest rule should not be a partisan issue. That is because this rule comes down to those fundamental ideas that really know no party bounds. Again, the idea for me is about honor and common sense. By honor, I mean the idea that we are a country that believes every American deserves a fair opportunity to succeed. Fairness is at the core of our Nation’s ideals—this idea that we are all bound to do what we can to identify and change systems that stack the deck against hard-working families that play by the rules. This body and its history have done so much to level the playing field and make sure that we have a free market and a fair market. It is because we as a nation value dignity and stand against those who seek to exploit or take advantage of others. In fact, we understand that we have an obligation to our country men and women. We have an obligation to each other to en-sure that there is a level playing field that no one can take advantage of or exploit. We participate in, abide by, and are meant to benefit from this social con-tract and understand that a social con-tract and a vibrant economy are not mutually exclusive. Actually, they re-inforce one another. These principles make America ex-ceptional. They empower and embolden our free-market economy. They gen-erate strength and security for more families. They ensure abundance and allow us to strive for ideals of life, lib-erty, and the ability to pursue happi-ness. So I believe we are honor bound to uphold these principles, to ensure fairness and opportunity for all. We also must understand that fairness is a key ingredient in broad-based eco-nomic growth and strength. When I talk about common sense, I mean people have a reasonable expec-tation, in a free market, to be treated fairly and justly, especially in those areas that are most critical to their lives. It is rational, therefore, and just common sense, for us to insist that when we are treated by a doctor, that the doctor is going to place the inter-est of our health over their own finan-cial interests. It is understandable that when we go to see a doctor, what is paramount is what is in our best inter-est. It is also understandable that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.011 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3071 May 24, 2016 
have that standard when it comes to the law; and, when we seek legal coun-sel, we are right to expect our lawyers to act in our best interest. That is the standard for doctors and for lawyers, for our health and well-being and for those legal decisions that will affect our lives profoundly. When we seek advice on an issue as serious as our health, our livelihoods, and our finances, we expect to be treat-ed with the highest standards of care, and those professionals—those lawyers or doctors—shouldn’t in any way be in-hibited in their ability to make a live-lihood. Indeed, in many cases, they should flourish. While the vast majority in the finan-cial industry are strong advisers who put the interests of their clients first, the challenge we have right now is that unlike doctors and lawyers, those fi-nancial advisers are not required to put the interest of their clients at the high level of a fiduciary standard. As a re-sult of not having that same high standard of care as doctors and law-yers, there are some within that indus-try who actually take advantage of families trying to plan for their retire-ment. A large money market manager re-cently said: ‘‘As active equity man-agers we have all been on the hook lately to justify our value proposition. And we should be, since the facts clear-ly show that as an industry, we have not consistently provided the perform-ance that investors deserve.’’ Here are folks who have incredible fi-nancial knowledge, sophistication, and acumen talking to everyday Americans and putting forth this idea that they are going to help them retire with se-curity, but they have no obligation to do what is in their best interest, to up-hold the highest standard of care. That is problematic, and industry leaders understand that. They understand we cannot allow space for those who might seek to exploit families, struggling to retire, for their own financial interest. It is this idea that is at the root of the conflict-of-interest rule—the idea that hard-working Americans saving for retirement deserve to be treated with fairness, with honor, and with a mutual obligation Americans should have toward each other, so that if they seek advice from a financial adviser, they deserve to get advice that prioritizes their needs above all others. This is about fairness. This is about common sense. I was proud to stand with the Sec-retary of Labor, Secretary Perez, and my colleagues Senator W
ARREN and Senator M
URRAY when this final rule was announced. I am proud that prior to that, the rule went through a very lengthy and diligent process that al-lowed for robust feedback from all types of stakeholders. Throughout the rulemaking process, the Department of Labor demonstrated patience and in-clusiveness of all perspectives, and, most of all, an unyielding commitment to protecting our Nation’s workers and retirees—protecting the bedrock of our country and the very idea of the middle class; that if you work hard and play by the rules, you can retire with secu-rity and dignity. The result of all the work of the De-partment of Labor and their commit-ment to this ideal is a fair and bal-anced rule based on the ideas of com-mon sense and honor. The fact is, for so many Americans, it could not come at a more important time. In fact, it could not come at a more urgent time. We have a retirement crisis in our country. So many people are working harder and harder but are finding themselves with more month at the end of their money than money at the end of their month. Many people are finding it harder and harder to save for retirement. In fact, right now one in three aren’t saving for retirement. The Federal Reserve found that a whopping 47 percent of Ameri-cans don’t have the savings to even cover a $400 emergency expense. Since the financial crisis, retirement readi-ness for the average American has ac-tually decreased. Families are seeing greater chal-lenges now in securing their own fu-ture. They are seeing greater difficul-ties securing the American dream of being able to work hard, play by the rules, and retire with dignity and secu-rity. I know this personally, and my of-fice does because we hear from con-stituents all the time about their real stories, not just of the difficulties of planning for retirement but in dealing with a financial industry that often takes advantage of their clients. Last year I heard from one of my constituents in Lakewood who wrote to tell me about his mother. After losing her husband, she went to seek advice from a financial adviser to help her sort out her finances and plan for her retirement. She put her trust and her livelihood in the hands of this adviser, but the conflicted advice she received ended up costing her tens of thousands of dollars. Saving for retirement is stressful. At kitchen tables in every town, every city across the country, families are struggling to figure out how best to save for retirement, and here was an adviser who provided conflicted advice, costing my resident in Lakewood tens of thousands of dollars because they trusted and relied on the fact that the advice the financial retirement adviser was giving them was in their best in-terest. This is wrong, and it is unfair. Especially for those Americans who don’t have much to begin with, the way they manage their retirement savings means so much. Huge gulfs continue to persist in retirement savings between men and women, the poor and the wealthy, and minority families and their White peers. This is a problem for all Americans, from all different back-grounds. It is a crisis in our country. For so many Americans, in regard to this rule, there is so much at stake. Good advice from a retirement adviser can make a world of difference. In fact, it can be the difference between secu-rity and financial crisis. It can be the difference between retiring with ease versus retiring with stress and depend-ence. That is why the advice of a trust-ed retirement professional is so impor-tant. There are many good actors in this space who know that increased trans-parency, increased accountability, and the idea of profitability don’t need to be mutually exclusive. In fact, there are people making extraordinary livings in this space by doing the right thing for their clients. Honest, hard- working brokers know that updating the standards expected of retirement advisers is common sense, fair, and it actually helps America as a whole be-come stronger. That is why industry leaders are al-ready making changes to prepare for this rule’s implementation and why the CEO of a major money management firm recently implored his industry colleagues by saying: Let’s not lose sight of why clients engage us in the first place: to help them save the money they need to buy a house, send their kids to college, retire com-fortably and meet any other long-term financial goals they have. This CEO is 100 percent right, and I am happy many companies are begin-ning to ensure their retirement plans make the most of their employees’ sav-ings. According to a recent Wall Street Journal report, the administrative cost of retirement plans fell to their lowest level in a decade in 2015 and with this rule, they will continue to fall. The needle is moving in the right di-rection. To attempt to block this rule now would be a step backward, and it would send a message to hard-working Americans and retirees that they sim-ply don’t matter enough to this body; that this body cares more about special interests than hard-working families. It cares more about financial advisers on Wall Street and their ability to ex-ploit middle-class Americans than it does those middle-class Americans who believe in the American dream that is being put at risk. To not support this rule would be to roll back what we all know; that we can create a win-win and a fair economy that doesn’t exploit people who are vulnerable but uplifts them, where both financial adviser and middle-class retirees can have success. I know men and women in our coun-try—and many who serve here—who know and understand the challenges of planning for retirement. Look, on the day this rule was an-nounced earlier this year, I understood some people would try to fight this, and I turned to the folks listening and said: Look, this fight is not over. We are going to have to continue. Let us as a nation fight for what is right, not for the special interests of the wealthy few. Let’s not allow people to feast upon the retirement savings from the hard work of others, but let’s fight to affirm the middle-class dream in Amer-ica. Let’s fight to make sure we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.013 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3072 May 24, 2016 
doing right by folks. Let’s create a level playing field. This is a fight for people like the con-stituent of mine who not only lost her husband but too much of her savings and now is trying to pick up the pieces. This fight is not over for hard-working families across this country who are diligently saving for retirement and for whom these hidden fees, unfortunately, threaten to undermine decades of hard work. These hidden fees are insidious. These hidden fees allow some advisers to exploit people for their own enrich-ment. These hidden fees are un-Amer-ican. We must continue to make sure those hard-working advisers who provide ex-emplary levels of service, who prioritize their clients’ interests, are the ones being elevated in this fairer system and not being maligned by those few bad actors who feast upon the savings of other people. This fight has to be about what it means to be an American. That is what this body did when it passed the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act 40 years ago. We believed in the idea that America is a place where if you work hard and you play by the rules, you can retire with dignity and don’t have to worry that your doctor or your lawyer or your financial adviser will exploit you and thrust you into in-security or worse. This is what we must do in this body now. In the spirit of past actions, we must put the interest of our middle- class constituents first, plain and sim-ple. This rule is fair. This rule is bal-anced. This rule helps our free market economy. This rule ensures that the highest standard will be applied to something as precious and fundamental as our retirement savings. It preserves honor in this business. It preserves honor for America. The needle has al-ready moved forward. We cannot afford to go back. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Re-publican whip. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, we will be voting on something known around here as the fiduciary rule, which the Senator from New Jersey just spoke on, and later we will be voting on in-spection of catfish. Now, people might wonder, as signifi-cant as those two issues are, why we are not dealing with the Defense au-thorization bill that Senator M
CCAIN has been pressing our Democratic friends to allow us to get started with. For my money, there is simply nothing more important for the Congress to do than to make sure our men and women in uniform have the support and the re-sources and the training they need in order to fight our Nation’s fights and win our Nation’s wars. But because of the objection of the Democratic leader yesterday, here we are. I have to say to my friend, the Sen-ator from New Jersey, talking in sup-port of this fiduciary rule that was cre-ated by Dodd-Frank, to me, this just exemplifies this paternalism which has typified this administration when deal-ing with the economy. They don’t actu-ally believe consumers know how to make good choices for themselves, so they are going to force a Federal regu-lation and rule and a one-size-fits-all standard on the financial services in-dustry. I have to say that I don’t think it is any coincidence that our economy grew at one half of 1 percent last quar-ter. That is pathetic economic growth, and it is simply not fast enough for our economy to create jobs in order to allow people to work full time instead of part time and for those who have left the labor force to join the labor force and to provide for their families and pursue their dreams. But it is un-fortunately typical of the regulatory approach of the Obama administration, which I think helps strangle the econ-omy and economic recovery. Economists and many people much more knowledgeable than I have said that after the 2008 fiscal crisis, we should have seen a bounce, a V-shaped bounce. We hit bottom; we should have bounced back up. Unfortunately, we have been at a very flat recovery—if you can call it much of a recovery— since 2008, primarily because people are in doubt whether their plans for small business, medium-sized business, or large business, for that matter, will be put in political peril because of the un-certainty of the regulatory approach of the Obama administration. That is why we need to disapprove this fiduciary rule and to get the government out of the way, particularly when it comes to people who choose their own financial advisers. It is just another example of the wet blanket the regulatory ap-proach of the Obama administration has been on the economy in general— just one small example. As I said at the outset, we should be talking about the national defense au-thorization bill, which passed out of the Armed Services Committee with overwhelming bipartisan support. Only three members of the Armed Services Committee voted against it. But rather than be debating that, here we are. We should be talking about and vot-ing on the Defense authorization bill because of obviously how important it is to our country’s safety and security. As I mentioned, it provides our mili-tary the funding and authorities they need in order to protect and defend us, and it ensures that our warfighters are equipped for success on the battlefield. The President’s senior adviser, Ms. Valerie Jarrett, claimed recently that President Obama had ended two wars and that this was part of his legacy. I am wondering which wars she was re-ferring to because, frankly, the world is on fire. The Director of National In-telligence, James Clapper, has said that never in his long career—and I think it goes back 50 years or more—in the intelligence community has he seen a more diverse and a more threat-ening environment. We know we have conventional threats like a newly emboldened Vladimir Putin threat-ening Europe and the NATO alliance there. Then we have terrorist groups like ISIS, the Islamic State, which has morphed from Al Qaeda—the radical religious ideology which has told them that in the name of their religion, they can murder innocent men, women, and children. A few weeks ago I had the chance to travel with some of my colleagues from the House side to visit some of our troops stationed in the Middle East. It was obviously an honor to visit with those serving our country so selflessly in remote parts of the world, where they are separated from their families and putting service to country above self. We had a chance to visit the U.S. Navy’s Fifth Fleet in Bahrain and the Multinational Force & Observers, the MFO, an international peacekeeping group at the North Camp in the Sinai Peninsula. Quite a few members of the Texas National Guard served there until they ended their tour just re-cently. In meeting with those folks on the ground and learning more about the situation, one thing is clear: The Middle East continues to be a region racked by instability and violence at every turn. I have previously spoken about how the imprudent drawdown of U.S. troops in Iraq without getting a status of forces agreement, which would have al-lowed a larger U.S. presence there, much as we had after the war in Ger-many, in Japan, and elsewhere, where we frankly have seen thriving econo-mies and stable countries spring up after the wake of terrible wars—unfor-tunately, President Obama did not see that as a priority. And because of the precipitous drawdown in Iraq, a power vacuum was left. If there is one thing we should have learned on 9/11, it is that power vacu-ums are breeding grounds for terror-ists, and that is as true today as it was back then. So now the Islamic State—the latest iteration of Islamic extremism—has carved out a safe haven in Iraq and Syria, virtually wiping off the map the border between those two countries, and it continues to grow in north Afri-ca and the Middle East. The terrorist group’s influence in the region couldn’t be clearer. As I mentioned, on the Sinai Penin-sula, I had a chance to visit with some of our soldiers about the threats they face from ISIS-affiliated groups every day, including the use of improvised explosive devices by some of the groups who have now pledged allegiance to the Islamic State. Back in March, it was reported that an ISIS-linked group killed more than a dozen of Egypt’s security forces in the Sinai, and unfortunately that car-nage continues. There is no doubt that ISIS is con-tinuing to work against U.S. interests and against our allies, targeting not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.014 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3073 May 24, 2016 
only Egyptian forces in this instance but, at times, U.S. forces on the ground as well. Unfortunately, ISIS has taken advan-tage of a power vacuum left in Libya after the President led a coalition to topple Libyan strongman Muammar Qadhafi and unfortunately created an-other power vacuum there which con-tinues to this day. We would have thought we would have learned some-thing from our experience in Iraq, but apparently President Obama did not because he had no real plan for a post- Qadhafi Libya, no plan and no strategy in place on how to move forward after-ward. As I said, now Libya is a failed state and a breeding ground for ISIS. In Tunisia, we actually had the chance to visit with the U.S. Ambas-sador to Libya. Unfortunately, as the Ambassador and his country team said, we haven’t actually been to Libya. They are literally an embassy in exile in Tunisia but doing the best they can to try to figure a way forward in Libya. One thing we know for sure is that Libya plays host to an increasing num-ber of ISIS fighters. Some even esti-mate that the ranks of ISIS have dou-bled in Libya in the past year alone. Left unchecked, this ISIS safe haven in Libya, a country which is obviously strategically located across the Medi-terranean from Europe, where it is pretty easy passage up into the EU, movement around the EU and then in countries—38 countries in total have visa waiver agreements with the United States, and people can travel to the United States from those countries without a visa. But this jumping-off point in Libya to Europe and then to other places is a real threat and pro-vides another base from which ISIS can continue to terrorize and target the United States and our friends and part-ners. As I mentioned, we were able to trav-el to Tunisia and visit with the rel-atively newly democratically elected President there. Tunisia touts itself as one of the rare success stories of the Arab spring—maybe the only success story—but their hold on the country is enormously fragile, primarily because the terrorist threat has killed the tour-ist activity that has been part of the economic lifeblood of that beautiful country right on the Mediterranean Sea in north Africa. Unfortunately, Tu-nisia is seeing an influx of its own citi-zens traveling to Libya to join ISIS, and today Tunisia remains one of the major sources of foreign fighters for this terrorist army. After its campaign of rape and geno-cide against the Yazidis, Christians, and Shia Muslims, ISIS continues to expand across north Africa and the Middle East, all the while working against U.S. interests, not only in the region by inciting violence and ter-rorist attacks but also in Europe and in places like San Bernardino, CA. Of course, our military serves in dan-gerous places all over the world, as do other people who bravely serve in a ci-vilian capacity with our intelligence community and others. Today the threats extend all the way from an ag-gressive Russia, as I mentioned earlier, to NATO’s doorstep, to an increasingly belligerent China in the South China Sea—a topic the President, no doubt, is discussing during his visit in Hanoi— and then there are the repeated un-checked provocations of North Korea. These are all areas marked by vola-tility and unpredictability. Given these threats, given this dan-ger, given this need, we would think there would be bipartisan support for doing our work here and actually de-bating and voting on the Defense au-thorization bill. The bottom line is that our military men and women must be prepared for all potential contingencies, and the De-fense authorization bill is our chance here in Congress to make sure they have the training and equipment to do just that. It is pretty clear that the adminis-tration’s disengagement around the world over the last 7 years has not been working, and I have been saying that for some time. But the Defense author-ization bill we will move to tomorrow is an opportunity for Congress to pro-vide for our troops to the greatest ex-tent possible and ensure that they are ready to face all of these threats. The Defense authorization bill would au-thorize resources to fight ISIS and to counter Russian aggression and shore up U.S. and NATO capabilities. As we begin this debate and discus-sion, let’s keep at the forefront of the conversation the men and women who are out there in harm’s way facing these myriad of threats, separated many times from their family and their community and their friends, and let’s work in good faith to get this bi-partisan bill passed as soon as we can. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, last month the Department of Labor laid out new safeguards that will help mid-dle-class savers in a rule pertaining to advice given by financial advisers. Today the Senate has taken up a reso-lution of disapproval that will undo that progress. I urge my colleagues to oppose it. The Senate ought to be doing everything it can to help middle-class workers save for retirement. Instead, this resolution would go in the oppo-site direction. Workers from Oregon and across the Nation are facing a savings crisis. Fewer and fewer people have access to the type of simple, reliable pensions that were once commonplace. The ‘‘Leave it to Beaver’’ ideal of getting a family-wage job, working your way up in a company, and retiring with a pen-sion and a gold watch is not the pros-pect in front of many American work-ers today. For most Americans, the road to re-tirement now takes many more twists and turns. The burden of figuring out how to save, which seems to get tough-er all the time, often falls directly on the workers themselves. First come the tough questions, and they come right up front: when to start saving, how much to set aside, when to retire, and how much to draw down each month. What happens if you outlive your sav-ings? You have to study the markets, stocks and bonds, mutual funds, ex-change-traded funds, index funds. You have to decide what kind of risks you can afford to take on. It is even com-plicated for employers who have to pick from a long list of different kinds of retirement plans: 401(k)s, SIMPLE IRAs, SEPs, employee stock ownership plans, stock bonus plans—to name just a few. It should come as no surprise to any-body that Americans frequently turn to financial planners to help figure out these issues. It is my view that the overwhelming majority of these advis-ers are honest individuals who act in the best interest of their clients, but without modern protections in place, some bad actors, unfortunately, choose to push their clients toward products with higher fees and lower returns. It could mean the loss of tens of thou-sands of dollars from a retirement ac-count over a lifetime of savings. To be clear, this is not some kind of esoteric issue that hardly anybody faces. It is a very substantial drain on middle-class savings. One estimate by the Council of Economic Advisers said that conflicts of interest in retirement advice cost Americans $17 billion every single year. That is where the Labor Department’s new rule comes in. The rules pertaining to fiduciary invest-ment advisers who act solely in the in-terest of their clients date back to 1975. Obviously, in the more than 40 years since then, there have been very large changes in the retirement world. Many more 401(k)s, fewer professionally man-aged pension funds, and many more in-dividuals and employers—especially small employers—lean on advisers for help determining how to invest their funds. It seems to me the law ought to be modernized to reflect those changes. The new rule seeks to lay out modern safeguards that are going to help pro-tect middle-class savers and small business owners. What it says is that going forward, all retirement savers will be able to get advice that is in their best interest. It is a simple prin-ciple. My hope is, policymakers on both sides of the aisle will give it strong support. It is important to recognize that the Labor Department made a number of changes based on legitimate concerns 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.016 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3074 May 24, 2016 
that were raised as this rule came to-gether. For example, last summer I wrote a letter to Secretary Perez with a number of my colleagues from the Senate Finance Committee that flagged a number of issues, asking the Secretary to ensure that any final rule would work effectively. As I said—a group of us Democratic members on the Senate Finance Committee—there were a number of issues that we thought needed a bit more work. I am pleased to see that the Sec-retary took many of our suggestions. For example, our Senate Finance Com-mittee letter highlighted the impor-tance of a smooth transition to the new rule, and the Secretary actually took steps that included an extended implementation period. Instead of find-ing fresh approaches to help Americans prepare for retirement, colleagues on the other side have brought forward a resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act that would, in effect, block these new protections. In the 20 years since it became law, there has only been one successful dis-approval resolution under the Congres-sional Review Act. Under no cir-cumstances should this extreme tool be used to make it harder for middle-class Americans to get sound retirement ad-vice. We have a situation where the rules of the road date back for more than 40 years. The bottom line is that we ought to come together and update those rules so we can protect our small businesses, the middle class, and build a stronger ethic of saving in America. That is what this is all about. I strongly urge my colleagues to op-pose the resolution of disapproval. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
IHS ACCOUNTABILITY ACT  
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, if you asked Native Americans in my home State of South Dakota how they felt about the Indian Health Service, you would be hard pressed to find a positive review. Indian Health Service patients in the Great Plains area, which encom-passes North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Iowa, have been receiv-ing substandard medical care for years. Too often, clean exam rooms appear to be a luxury for South Dakota’s Native American patients. Dirty facilities and dirty, unsanitized equipment are com-mon, and patient care is often slipshod at best. One health service facility was in such disarray that a pregnant mother gave birth on a bathroom floor without a single medical professional nearby, which shockingly wasn’t the first time this had happened at this facility. An-other patient at the same facility who had suffered a severe head injury was discharged from the hospital mere hours after checking in, only to be called back later the same day once his test results arrived. The patient’s con-dition was so serious that he was im-mediately flown to another facility for care. A patient at Pine Ridge Hospital in Pine Ridge, SD, was discharged from the emergency department and died from cardiac arrest 2 hours later. An investigation by the Centers for Medi-care and Medicaid Services found that the patient had failed to receive an adequate evaluation before his dis-charge. The situation in South Dakota has gotten so bad that there is a real chance the Federal Government will terminate its Medicare provider agree-ments with—as of yesterday—three In-dian Health Service facilities in my State. Yesterday, my office was notified that yet a third IHS emergency depart-ment in the Great Plains area had been found in violation of Medicare’s condi-tions of participation. In other words, these three emergency departments have been delivering such a poor level of care that the government isn’t sure it can trust them to care for Medicare patients. The associate regional admin-istrator for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services noted that the problems at this third hospital are ‘‘so serious that they constitute an imme-diate and serious threat to the health and safety of any individual who comes to your hospital to receive services.’’ To describe the level of care at Indian Health Service facilities as sub-standard is an understatement. The government is failing in its treaty re-sponsibility to our tribes. I have been working on legislation to increase accountability and improve patient care at the Indian Health Serv-ice. Last week, my friend and colleague from Wyoming, who chairs the Indian Affairs Committee here in the Senate, and I introduced our bill, the IHS Ac-countability Act. Our bill takes a num-ber of important steps to start the process of reforming the Indian Health Service. First, we create an expedited proce-dure for firing senior leaders at the agency who aren’t doing their jobs. The Indian Health Service has suffered from mismanagement problems for years. To name just one example, the Indian Health Service settled an $80 million lawsuit with unions that came about because IHS could not manage the basic administrative task of deal-ing with overtime pay. The money that IHS used to settle this lawsuit was, in part, from funds that should have been used for patients. Some $6.2 million alone came from money originally des-tined for IHS facilities in the Great Plains area. Unfortunately, the Indian Health Service frequently responded to mis-management by shifting staff between positions and offices instead of simply firing incompetent staff. We are not going to clean up the agency’s prob-lems that way. If a member of the Indian Health Service’s leadership is standing in the way of providing quality care to pa-tients, then that person needs to find another line of work. The bill I drafted with my colleague from Wyoming will help make sure that happens. Our bill also streamlines the hiring process at IHS and ensures that tribes will be con-sulted when the agency is hiring for important positions. This will help IHS get dedicated, high-quality employees on the job faster. Our bill also addresses the problem IHS has had in retaining quality em-ployees. A provision in our bill gives the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, which oversees the Indian Health Service, in-creased flexibility to reward employees for good performance and to set the kinds of salaries that will keep good employees on the job longer. Finally, our bill directs the Govern-ment Accountability Office to review the whistleblower protections that are currently in place at IHS and deter-mine whether we need to add any addi-tional layers of protection. One of the obstacles to improving care for our tribes has been less-than- honest reporting from the Indian Health Service. Time and again we found that conditions on the ground have not matched up to information re-ported to Congress. On December 4, 2015, for example, of-ficials from the Indian Health Service stated that a majority of the concerns at the floundering Rosebud Hospital in Rosebud, SD, had been addressed or abated. Yet mere hours later, I was in-formed that the Rosebud Hospital emergency department was functioning so poorly that emergency patients would be diverted to other hospitals be-ginning the next day. As of today, it has been 171 days since that emergency department was placed on diverted sta-tus—171 days. Clearly, the issues at Rosebud had not been addressed or abated on December 4. In 2014, I requested a status update on the Great Plains area from the then-Acting Director of the Indian Health Service. In her response, she stated: ‘‘The Great Plains Area has shown marked improvement in all cat-egories,’’ and ‘‘significant improve-ments in health care delivery and pro-gram accountability have also been demonstrated.’’ Yet we continue to re-ceive frequent reports of abysmal pa-tient care. I am pretty sure that sending a man home with bleeding in his brain and having a mother give birth pre-maturely on a bathroom floor are not signs of significant improvement. Hav-ing a realistic picture of what is going on in Indian Health Service facilities is absolutely essential if we hope to start improving the standard of care that our tribes receive, and that is why 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.017 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3075 May 24, 2016 
whistleblower protections are so im-portant. Our bill will help make sure that the system protects those who come for-ward to expose the problems facing pa-tients. I am proud of the bill that my col-league and I have introduced, and I hope the Senate will take it up in the near future. While this is an important step, it is still just the first step. I will continue to consult with the nine tribes in South Dakota and with others to see what additional steps we need to take to fix the problems at the Indian Health Service once and for all. Our tribes deserve better than what they have been receiving, and I am not going to rest until all of our tribes are getting the quality care they deserve. 
AVIATION SAFETY AND SECURITY  
Madam President, before I conclude, I wish to take a minute to talk about some aviation security issues that were brought into sharp relief by the recent crash of an Egyptair flight. Last week, 66 people died when Egyptair flight 804 from Paris, France, to Cairo, Egypt, crashed into the Medi-terranean Sea off the Egyptian coast. With investigators still recovering evi-dence, it is too soon to come to any conclusions as to the cause of this tragic accident, but with the absence of evidence indicating an obvious tech-nical failure, U.S. and Egyptian offi-cials have suggested terrorism as a po-tential cause of the crash even without a credible claim of responsibility from any group. Given the global risk environment and previous acts of terror, investiga-tors are focusing their attention on anyone who may have had access to the Egyptair aircraft while it was sit-ting on the ground, including baggage handlers, caterers, cleaners, and fuel- truck workers. At the Senate Commerce Committee, we have been very focused on this type of aviation safety and security issue over the last year. In December of 2015, the committee advanced legislation to address insider threats posed by airport workers and enhanced vetting of airline passengers. As the Senate took up the FAA Reau-thorization Act of 2016, we engaged in a constructive and open process to con-sider amendments. Ultimately, the Senate adopted a number of aviation security amendments, including a secu-rity amendment that I cosponsored with Commerce Committee Ranking Member N
ELSON , Senator A YOTTE , and Senator C
ANTWELL that would strengthen security at international airports with direct flights into the United States. The amendment added a security title to the FAA bill that included leg-islation marked up in the Commerce Committee, as well as other initia-tives. Among other things, the amend-ment requires TSA to conduct a com-prehensive risk assessment of all for-eign last-point-of-departure airports— foreign airports with direct flights to the United States. The amendment also requires TSA to develop a security coordination enhancement plan with domestic and foreign partners, includ-ing foreign governments and airlines, and to conduct a comprehensive assess-ment of TSA’s workforce abroad. It also authorizes TSA to help foreign partners by donating security screen-ing equipment to foreign last-point-of- departure airports and to assist in evaluating foreign countries’ air cargo security programs to prevent any ship-ment of nefarious materials via air cargo. These provisions are similar to those of H.R. 4698, the SAFE GATES Act of 2016, and, together with the other security provisions adopted, take concrete steps to confront the real ter-rorist threat that we are facing. I believe these provisions in the FAA reauthorization bill will help make air travel from foreign countries to the United States safer and more secure. The Senate passed this legislation in April, and now it is time for the House of Representatives to act. The House of Representatives should take up our FAA bill without delay so that we can get a final bill with timely security and safety reforms onto the President’s desk before the summer State work pe-riod. Every day countless terrorists are plotting their next attack against the United States. There are measures we can take today that will help make Americans safer at home and while traveling from destinations abroad. Several of those measures are included in the FAA bill that we passed with over 90 votes in the U.S. Senate. I call again on the House of Rep-resentatives to take up this bill so that we can continue our work to keep Americans safe. I yield the floor. f 
RECESS Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-cess until 2:15 p.m. and that the time during the recess be charged to the pro-ponents’ side on H.J. Res. 88. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:32 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today in favor of the Congressional Re-view Act resolution regarding the De-partment of Labor’s new fiduciary rule. This resolution, which provides Con-gress with an opportunity to express its disapproval with the administra-tion’s regulations, is important for a number of reasons. On the substance, DOL’s new rule is extremely problematic. As a number of my colleagues have already attested, the rule, on its face, would unneces-sarily impose a new set of regulations under the Employment Retirement In-come Security Act, or ERISA, on a greatly expanded number of people. Under current law, brokers and deal-ers who provide services to retirement plans are already heavily regulated. They are not automatically considered labor law fiduciaries, and, therefore, they are not subject to the increased li-ability provided under ERISA. Instead, these service providers are subject to regulations issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission to protect investors from fraud and to ensure transparency. Under the new DOL rule, virtually any broker who provides investment advice of any kind to individuals re-garding their individual retirement ac-counts, or IRAs, will be considered a pension plan fiduciary, subject to high-er standards and greater liability. As my colleagues have aptly noted, this rule will reduce the availability of investment advice for retirees and make the advice that is available more expensive, which will have a dispropor-tionately negative effect on low- and middle-income retirees. Higher costs and a more burdensome system also mean more expenses for small busi-nesses trying to sponsor retirement plans for their employees. A 2014 study found that, as a result of these rules, many affected retirees— who, once again, are predominantly middle class or lower-income retirees— will see their lifetime retirement sav-ings drop by between 20 and 40 percent, which will translate into a reduction of between $20 billion and $32 billion in systemwide retirement savings every year. DOL’s own analysis indicates that the rule will have a compliance cost. That is deadweight loss to the system of between $2.4 billion and $5.7 billion over the first 10 years, virtually all of which will be passed onto American re-tirees. I think it should go without saying that if anyone has an interest in understanding the cost of the DOL’s regulations, it is the DOL itself. All of these problems—and they are real problems—with the DOL’s fidu-ciary rule are within the substance of the rule itself. I wish to take just a few minutes, however, to talk about the process by which the rule came into ex-istence because it is no less problem-atic. This regulation is an attempt to re-write ERISA-prohibited transaction regulations for IRAs that have been in place since 1975. However, the prohib-ited transaction rules for IRAs are codified in the Internal Revenue Code which, generally speaking, would give Treasury regulatory jurisdiction over the matter. That was the understanding in 1975 when the current regulations were first established. However, a 1978 Executive order transferred some of the Treas-ury’s jurisdiction over prohibited 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.019 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3076 May 24, 2016 
transaction rules—rules generally di-rected at preventing self-dealing and conflicts of interest—to the Depart-ment of Labor. In other words, the rule that DOL has rewritten with this new fiduciary regulation predated the De-partment’s grant of jurisdiction. While this might be a little arcane and in the weeds, this distinction is im-portant, given the reported disputes be-tween agencies on this rule. Indeed, ac-cording to a report released by the Sen-ate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, career offi-cials at the SEC and Treasury have ex-pressed concern over DOL’s course of action with regard to this rule. They also offered suggestions for improve-ments, most of which were disregarded by DOL in favor of a quicker resolution to the rulemaking process. Not surpris-ingly, this report found that political appointees at the White House played an outsized role in the rulemaking process. Given these procedural concerns, not to mention the substantive concerns with the rule itself, I think that at the very least we should revisit whether DOL should have jurisdiction in this area in the first place. Put simply: IRAs, which are at the heart of these regulations, are creatures of the Tax Code. They should, therefore, be gov-erned by the agencies responsible for overseeing the implementation of the Tax Code and not by officials outside of those agencies who, far more often than not, have agendas that are geared more toward business pension plans and not tax-deferred savings accounts set up at the individual level. Toward that end, I have drafted legis-lation that would restore Treasury’s rulemaking authority in this area in order to ensure that the proper exper-tise is brought to bear on these issues and that future rules governing finan-cial advice and marketing are, at the very least, crafted with the broader fi-nancial regulatory framework in mind. As it is, we have a rule that appears to have been drafted by those who lack expertise about the retail investment industry in order to achieve a goal that is, to put it kindly, at odds with the purpose of that industry and the inter-ests of the individual savers who rely on it in order to obtain a secure retire-ment. I urge my colleagues to support the resolution before us as it is the best near-term vehicle we have to putting the administration in check with re-gard to this rule. For the long term, I am hoping we can have a reasonable discussion about DOL’s role in regu-lating IRAs to begin with. Ultimately, if that discussion takes place, I think more and more people will realize that the Labor Department should not be responsible for crafting what is essen-tially tax policy. I plan to vote yes on this resolution, and I hope that all of my colleagues will do the same. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, as Sen-ator H
ATCH has mentioned, in April the Department of Labor just issued its final conflict-of-interest, or fiduciary, rule, putting in place a framework of meaningful protections for Americans saving for retirement. The rule helps families save for retirement at a time when fewer and fewer workers have traditional pensions. Today my Repub-lican colleagues are trying to block this rule. I join Ranking Member M
URRAY of the HELP Committee and Ranking Member W
YDEN of the Finance Com-mittee—on which the Presiding Officer and I both sit—to recommend that you vote no on the joint resolution. It is important to remember why this rule is necessary. Since the enactment of ERISA and the creation of 401(k) plans and individual retirement ac-counts in the 1970s, there has been a dramatic shift from traditional pension plans run by employers—that is where when you retire, there is a so-called de-fined benefit where you can count on a certain number of dollars a month for the rest of your life and perhaps for your spouse—to defined contribution plans that workers are left to manage themselves. Maximizing retirement savings and avoiding high fees and costs are more critical than ever. But most American workers need advice on how to prepare for retirement and navigate these plans, which can be both complicated and, maybe more importantly, risky. The DOL’s rule—the Labor Depart-ment’s rule—makes sure brokers and advisers act ‘‘in the best interest’’ of their customers and minimize the po-tential for conflicts of interest that could eat away at a saver’s nest egg. This doesn’t mean that diligent bro-kers and advisers have not been help-ing their customers, but the rule cre-ates structural protections to make sure that is always the case. It is that simple: Customers come first. There is no alternative to that basic principle. Whether you are vis-iting your doctor or going to a lawyer, your interests come first. Following the rule proposal in 2015, the DOL reviewed hundreds of com-ments, held days of hearings, and issued a final rule with extensive changes that address a variety of con-cerns that many of us have heard. The major changes include extending the implementation period, simplifying disclosure requirements, and clarifying the difference between education and advice. The full list of changes is much longer and resulted in significant im-provement. Most of the industry recog-nizes that and has said so. Thankfully, banks and brokers are already working on implementation. The Department of Labor is committed to helping compa-nies figure out how to make the nec-essary changes and adapt to the rule. Industry and some in Congress have called for the SEC to issue its own fidu-ciary rule before the Labor Depart-ment. The Wall Street reform bill re-quired the SEC, the Securities and Ex-change Commission, to consider its own rule. I urge them to move forward as well, but there is no reason for the Department of Labor to wait for the sometimes-too-slow SEC. Congress gave retirement accounts tax-favored status and significant pro-tections under ERISA. The Labor De-partment’s rules build on the statutory framework under ERISA, and now the fiduciary rule reflects the reality of the modern retirement landscape. It is time to move forward to help protect this generation and future generations of American savers. I urge my colleagues to vote no on the resolution so the implementation of this rule can continue to move for-ward to protect the interests of mil-lions of hard-working Americans who are saving for retirement. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 5243 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, last week the CDC announced it is moni-toring nearly 300 pregnant women in the United States and territories for possible Zika infections. That means nearly 300 families across our country are living through a true nightmare for expecting parents. They are waiting for news about whether their newborn will be safe and healthy. Unfortunately, with almost 1,400 cases of Zika already reported, the number of expecting moms and dads in this awful position is only expected to grow. As a mother, a grandmother, and a United States Senator, I strongly be-lieve it is our responsibility to act as quickly as possible for these families and the families who will unfortu-nately be impacted by the Zika virus in the weeks and months ahead. Just to be clear, mosquito season has already started in some parts of our country, and we do not have any time to waste. In fact, we should have been able to act much sooner. President Obama’s emergency funding proposal to support the Zika response has been available for everyone to see since Feb-ruary. Similar to many of my col-leagues, I was disappointed the Repub-lican leader refused to even consider it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.021 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3077 May 24, 2016 
and that instead they came up with one excuse after another to delay, even though public health experts and re-searchers have made it very clear this is truly an urgent public health crisis. Some Republicans said Zika wasn’t something they were willing to give the administration a penny more for, others said they would think about more money to fight Zika but only in return for partisan spending cuts, and others spent more time thinking about how to get political cover than actu-ally trying to address this problem, but many of us knew how important this was and we didn’t give up. So I am very glad that after a lot of pressure from women, families, Gov-ernors, and scientists, and after a lot of pushing Republicans to get serious about dealing with this emergency, many of our Republican colleagues in the Senate finally joined us at the table last week to open a path for an important step forward. I appreciate the work of Chairman B
LUNT , who joined me to get this done, as well as all the Senators on both sides of the aisle who voted for it. While Democrats didn’t get the full amount we had hoped for in this com-promise, I am glad the Senate was able to pass a $1.1 billion downpayment on the President’s proposal as an emer-gency bill, without offsets. Our agreement would accelerate the administration’s work, and it would allow money to start flowing to ad-dress this crisis even as we continue fighting for more as needed. This agreement was supported by every Democrat and a little less than half of the Republicans in the Senate. So the Senate has a strong bipartisan first step ready to go. Unfortunately, House Republicans went in a very different direction. They released an underfunded, partisan, and, in my opinion, mean-spirited bill that would provide only $622 million—less than one-third of what is needed in this emergency—without any funding for preventive health care, family plan-ning, or outreach even to those who are at risk of getting Zika. They are still insisting that funding for this public health emergency be fully offset, and the administration should somehow si-phon money away from their critical Ebola response and other essential ac-tivities in order to fund the Zika ef-forts. House Republicans clearly feel this health care crisis is an appropriate moment to somehow nickel-and-dime and that it is a good opportunity to prioritize Heritage Action over women and families, but if you are 1 of nearly 300 mothers the CDC is monitoring for likely Zika infection or one of the al-most 1,400 people infected so far or one of the millions of expecting mothers nationwide, I bet you would like to know your government is doing every-thing it can now to tackle this virus. So I am continuing to call on Senate Republicans to get our bipartisan Zika agreement to the House as quickly as possible. Senate Republicans have al-ready said they would be willing to do this if we exchange it for Affordable Health Care Act cuts, and I think they should be just as willing to do it for the sake of women and families who are at risk. This agreement has strong bipartisan support. It can move through the House, and it can get to the President to be signed into law so our research-ers, our scientists, and those in the field can get to work. This Republican- controlled Congress has already waited far too long to act on Zika. We should not wait any longer. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that when the Senate receives from the House H.R. 5243, that all after the enacting clause be stricken; that the Blunt-Murray substitute amend-ment to provide $1.1 billion in funding to enhance the Federal response and preparedness with respect to the Zika virus be agreed to; that there be up to 1 hour of debate, equally divided be-tween the two leaders or their des-ignees; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senate majority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object. I wish our Democratic colleagues would spend as much time working with us to try to solve problems as they do engaged in political theater and posturing. Mrs. M
URRAY , the Senator from Washington, has done good work work-ing with the chairman of the Appro-priations subcommittee, Senator B
LUNT , in coming up with a piece of legislation that funds the Zika re-sponse at $1.1 billion. That legislation has already passed the Senate. What remains to be done is the House and the Senate need to come together in a conference committee—which is the typical way where differences of ap-proach are reconciled—to come up with a responsible piece of legislation. In the meantime, I am glad the Presi-dent has taken up our suggestion ini-tially that until this can happen, they reprogram money—$589 million—from the Ebola response that had not yet been expended and transfer that to the Zika response. I am confident that money has not been spent yet and plen-ty is available to deal with it while Congress does its business in an orderly sort of way. I would have to say to my friend from Washington, my State is going to be directly in the crosshairs because this mosquito is not native to Wash-ington State but it is to the warmer parts of our country—Texas and Lou-isiana. Thank goodness no one so far has gotten the Zika virus from a mos-quito. It is people who have traveled to South America, Puerto Rico, or else-where and come back to the United States, but we all agree on a bipartisan basis that this is a very serious matter and we can’t waste time. There is $589 million available to deal with it now. Secondly, we are working—as we typically do—with the House to try to reconcile our differences and to do our work in a responsible sort of way. In the meantime, our Democratic col-leagues are blocking legislation, like the Defense authorization bill. They are throwing obstacles in the way of our getting the Senate back to work in every way they possibly can, including this—which, I am sorry to say, is just political theater and posturing. With that, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, let me just say this. This Zika virus is an emergency now, and though my con-stituents don’t live in Texas, we have people in Washington State who have traveled to infected countries, gotten Zika transmitted through mosquito, have come home, and now they need to have tests to determine whether they have been infected. Those tests will not be available until we provide this money. The Ebola response money that was just referred to needs to be there because Ebola is not eradicated and can come back at any minute, and we are doing everything we can as a na-tion to protect American citizens. What we are trying to do is move the bipartisan bill that has been approved in the Senate quickly to the House. Yes, it has been attached to an appro-priations bill, but for us to sit back and wait until a conference committee is appointed on that and does the long ne-gotiations over the summer into the fall is too late. We can deal with this now. That is what I ask to do today, and we will continue to push until we can assure people in our States across the country that we are doing every-thing we can as a nation to help pro-tect our citizens from the Zika virus, particularly expectant mothers or pos-sibly expectant mothers and families. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
USDA CATFISH INSPECTION RULE  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I rise today to address the bait-and-switch being pulled on the American people in this Congress regarding catfish inspec-tion. We have all been told by lobbyists for fish importers and the Socialist Re-public of Vietnam that the catfish in-spection program is ‘‘duplicative and trade distorting,’’ but that simply isn’t true. This rule is not duplicative, this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.024 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3078 May 24, 2016 
rule is not distorting, and the program is working to keep food safe for Ameri-cans. There is nothing duplicative about this rule. The FDA no longer in-spects any catfish. USDA’s Food Safety and Inspection Service is the only agency inspecting catfish. Addition-ally, the USDA and the FDA operate under a memorandum of understanding to prevent duplication. For decades, USDA and FDA coordinated to prevent duplicative inspections with regard to seafood, beef, pork, and poultry. The fact is that the FDA did not ade-quately inspect catfish. The FDA in-spected less than 2 percent of catfish, and it lab tested an even smaller per-centage. It would not be a stretch to argue that we had very little inspec-tion at all. In contrast, the USDA’s Food Safety and Inspection Service in-spects all catfish, as they do with other farmed-raised meat. This rule is not a WTO violation. Equivalent standards are applied to im-ported and domestic fish. The USDA has been inspecting beef, pork, and poultry with this system for decades. Is that too much to ask for? Why should American consumers be subjected to harmful contaminants that we can prevent? Contrary to what you may hear, this program is not costly. I have heard many different numbers thrown around, but the bottom line is that the Congressional Budget Office has deter-mined that this resolution would not save the taxpayer a single penny. If Congress votes to disapprove the USDA’s catfish inspection rule, the food safety of the American people will be significantly undermined. This is a health and safety issue, pure and sim-ple. With only a few weeks of inspec-tion under its belt, the USDA has al-ready denied entry of two shipments of imported catfish because they found crystal violet in one shipment and mal-achite green in another. Both are dan-gerous carcinogens. Earlier today the American Cancer Society said they support keeping farm-raised fish inspection at USDA. Overturning the USDA’s catfish in-spection rule would set a bad prece-dent. Congress has never used the Con-gressional Review Act to overturn a rule that Congress explicitly directed by law. Additionally, if the rule is overturned, the law requiring USDA catfish inspection would remain in place. USDA simply would not have a rule to implement the law, which would lead to significant trade disrup-tion. Catfish farming is an important in-dustry to Arkansas. Arkansas pro-ducers are proud to supply a safe prod-uct for American consumers. The bot-tom line is that our farmers aren’t afraid of competition. They just want the security of knowing the domestic industry and imports are all safe. Voting to disprove this rule would put consumers at risk. I strongly urge my colleagues who share my concerns about the security of our food system to let this important food safety pro-gram continue to operate and continue to keep harmful carcinogens out of the food supply of Americans. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I rise in opposition to the resolution of disapproval of the Department of Agri-culture’s catfish inspection program on several grounds. This has become a rather heated issue. I think there are some issues we need to clear up, espe-cially speaking from the privilege of being the chairman of the Senate Com-mittee on Agriculture. The amendment seeks to make changes to food safety inspection by eliminating the Department of Agri-culture’s inspection program of domes-tic and foreign-raised catfish. This pro-gram just started in March. Some of the comments about the expense of this program have been made as if they were on an annual basis. Most of the costs that were cited in the General Accounting Office report did not men-tion the fact that these were startup costs. The program was created due to con-cerns related to food safety. The USDA has a very strong record of requiring meat that is imported to the United States to be processed in foreign facili-ties that are ‘‘equivalent’’ to U.S. meat processing facilities. The Department of Agriculture visits these facilities and conducts audits to ensure that their practices are in line with what we require in the United States. This is done to ensure that food coming into the United States is safe. That product is also inspected once it arrives at U.S. ports of entry. Simply put, what we have here is a program that requires the same equiva-lency determination for foreign raised and processed catfish as we require for beef, chicken, lamb, pork, and all the other commodities or all the other ani-mal products that you could imagine. Just last week I was notified by the Department of Agriculture that their inspections of Vietnamese catfish found illegal drug residues in two ship-ments destined for the United States. I am sure that others who have spoken to this issue, especially Senator B
OOZ-
MAN and Senator C OCHRAN , have re-peated this. Had this program not been in place, this violation would not have been caught and the product would have been allowed to enter into com-merce. I am very surprised. I know this is an easy issue to bring up with regard to a GAO report for 10 years that said this duplicating what the Food and Drug Administration does. It is, but it is no longer because the Department of Agri-culture is taking it over because they have a much more robust program. The Food and Drug Administration really only inspects 2 percent of the catfish. We are talking about a much higher percentage by the Department of Agri-culture. I hope those in the Senate who are trying to remove this important safe-guard just 2 months into the program being enforced and on the tails of it paying off and preventing adulterated catfish from entering commerce—I re-mind my colleagues that this program was authorized in the 2008 and 2014 farm bills. That was delayed for a while. Startup costs started last year. Again, those costs that are mentioned in the General Accounting Office are not pertinent to what is happening today. I want to say one other thing. Farm bills are developed through 5 years of thoughtful discussions and also nego-tiations. When a farm bill is passed, any producer of any product, including any animal product, expects—almost as if it is a contract—to be able to de-pend on it. If you have a burgeoning in-dustry of domestic catfish, you want to make doggone sure that it is safe and that there are no imports that rep-resent a health hazard, and that is ex-actly what happened in this particular instance. You do not want to open up farm bills willy-nilly on a specific issue that may make a headline or may make a good TV spot—to quote the General Accountability Office—which has not taken into consideration that this is just a startup kind of situation in terms of the money. It is interesting to me that this was scored at zero. The Congressional Budget Office has scored it at zero. I think I understand all of this talk about wasting money. I don’t know anybody in the Congress—House or Senate—who is for wasting money. One person’s wasteful spending of money is another person’s viable investment. So we have to look pretty close. I ask that my colleagues vote no on the resolution and to maintain these important food safety protections and the carefully crafted 2014 farm bill. This is not the time to open up the farm bill. We will certainly begin dis-cussions on that in the next year, and we will take up these matters in the following year and go over it with a fine-tooth comb. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COCHRAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COCHRAN. Madam President, I strongly urge the Senate to reject the motion to proceed to S.J. Res. 28. This resolution would overturn a catfish in-spection rule that is working to pro-tect American consumers. Congress di-rected the Department of Agriculture 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.027 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3079 May 24, 2016 
to write this rule in both the 2008 and 2014 farm bills. It did so based on evi-dence that the inspection regime then in place was inadequate. Almost all catfish consumed in the United States is raised on farms in con-trolled environments. The Department of Agriculture, or the USDA, is the most experienced and well-equipped agency to ensure that farm-raised meat products, including catfish, are as safe as possible. Since assuming responsibility of cat-fish inspection just a few week ago, the Department of Agriculture has inter-cepted and impounded two large ship-ments of foreign catfish contaminated with cancer-causing chemicals banned for use in the United States. Prior to the implementation of the rule, less than 2 in 1,000 catfish products enter-ing the United States was laboratory tested. If it were not for the rule that S.J. Res. 28 seeks to nullify, this dan-gerous foreign fish would be in the U.S. food supply today. Sponsors of this resolution have said that the catfish rule is costly. This is not true. The Congressional Budget Of-fice has said that this resolution won’t save a dime. Sponsors of this resolu-tion have said that the catfish rule is duplicative. This is untrue. The Food and Drug Administration ceased all catfish inspections on March 1 of this year. The Department of Agriculture is the only agency charged with inspect-ing catfish. Sponsors of this resolution have said that the catfish rule creates an artificial trade barrier. This is un-true. The Department has stated that the rule is compliant with the World Trade Organization’s equivalency standard and would not violate its principles. Adoption of this resolution would not change the law. It would only call into question and potentially halt the abil-ity of the U.S. Government to carry on important activities authorized by law to keep American consumers safe. It is clear that the inspection rule is working as intended to protect U.S. consumers. Congress was right in twice mandating these inspections, and re-considering that decision would be a poor use of the Senate’s time. I hope Senators will reject the mo-tion to proceed to this resolution. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 5243 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I have been on this floor many times talking about Zika. I think some peo-ple believe in the old adage ‘‘out of sight out of mind.’’ It is equally as much, if not more, of a crisis—an inter-national crisis—as was the Ebola crisis. Yet do you remember how everyone be-came so suddenly concerned about Ebola when there were only a couple of cases that showed up in the United States? Remember how we in this body suddenly rushed in and appropriated on an emergency basis several multiples of billions of dollars to address the Ebola crisis? I remember how success-ful that was even though Ebola is still raging in parts of western Africa. We are continuing to try to help out those African nations so it will not spread across the world and especially to keep it from coming here to our shores. The same thing is happening with the Zika virus, but people are not recog-nizing it. That is why this Senator con-tinues to talk about it—because we need the resources necessary to stop the spread of Zika. It is only a matter of time before there is a local trans-mission in the continental United States. What is a local transmission? Well, we know they put a fancy name on it. It is called vector. What is vec-tor? The vector is a strain of mosquito called the aegypti. And, by the way, it is math. What happens across a lot of the coastal United States and southern United States in June? It gets hot, the rains come, and what comes along with that? Swarms of mosquitoes. Since this particular strain, the aegypti, is prevalent across the United States, up the west coast, the Pacific coast, up the Atlantic seaboard—much further than what you consider to be southern States—lo and behold, this strain of mosquito carries the Zika virus, and when it sticks its sticker into a human being and starts drawing blood, the virus is transmitted into the blood of the human being. Now you have a human carrier of the Zika virus that can be transmitted through sexual contact. But, lo and behold, if the car-rier is a pregnant female, then that Zika virus—and the virus itself some-times doesn’t manifest itself in many ways; it might be like a mild form of the flu. But if it is a pregnant female, then there are some disastrous con-sequences coming ahead. Those are the horrible pictures we have seen—the microcephaly. The virus gets in and at-tacks the fetus and does not allow the fetus to develop, particularly with re-gard to the structure of the head and the brain, and that is what causes these terrible family tragedies. Last week we voted for $1.1 billion as part of an appropriations bill. We turned down Senator RUBIO’s and my proposal of $1.9 billion. By the way, did you notice a Repub-lican and a Democrat coming together, saying: This is tough in our State. In our State there are well over 120 cases. There are also multiple pregnant women in Florida who are infected. Nationwide there are 1,200 Americans in 48 States that we know of who have been infected with the virus. We know that in Puerto Rico—the Centers for Disease Control tells us that 25 percent of that island’s population of our fellow American citizens is going to be in-fected. That is in Puerto Rico alone— 800,000 people. As a result of that infec-tion in Puerto Rico, we saw the first case of microcephaly linked to the Zika virus reported in Puerto Rico. That was determined because of a mis-carriage, and the fetus had all the markings of microcephaly. Prior to that, the CDC had confirmed the first Zika-related death in the United States that had also occurred in Puerto Rico. While we here in the Senate last week turned down $1.9 billion, which was the administration’s request, we appropriated $1.1 billion. But guess what they did down at the other end of the hallway in the U.S. Capitol Build-ing. They did only $622 million. And they want this to go to a conference committee to be worked out over time? Folks, it is late May and summer is upon us. These cases are going to be-come increasingly apparent. Now why don’t we add Brazil into the mix? It is hot and humid. By the way, there is something happening in a few months in Brazil: People from all over the world are going to Brazil for the Olympics, and right now Brazil has more than 100,000 cases of Zika virus this year alone. This is a very dangerous emergency, and we are playing around and delay-ing. Congress has not stepped up and is failing the American people by not treating it as an emergency. It ought to be clear that it is up to us to protect our constituents, to stop the spread of the virus, and to do everything the ad-ministration has requested, including replacing the multiple hundreds of mil-lions they raided out of the Ebola fund to try to get a jump-start on this be-cause the Congress was sitting around on its hands, not willing to give the money. They borrowed from the Ebola fund, and we need to replenish that fund. That is a part of the $1.9 billion request. So, Madam President, I am going to ask unanimous consent that we pro-ceed to a vote on this emergency. We ought to be trying to do the right thing. We ought to give the President and the public health experts the re-sources they need, that they tell us they have to have to stop the spread of this virus. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate receives from the House H.R. 5243, that all after the enacting clause be stricken; that the Nelson-Rubio substitute amend-ment to provide the $1.9 billion in fund-ing to enhance the Federal response and preparedness with respect to the Zika virus be agreed to; that there be up to 1 hour of debate equally divided between the two leaders or their des-ignees; and that upon the use or yield-ing back of time, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Madam President, reserv-ing the right to object, this was de-bated extensively and considerably for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.028 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3080 May 24, 2016 
more than 1 hour, equally divided, just last week, and was resolved by a vote in this body. I don’t think there is anyone in this body who isn’t worried about the Zika virus and who doesn’t want to do ev-erything that can be done in the quickest way possible. It was deter-mined to be an emergency and was put into the bill that way. There was Sen-ator N
ELSON ’s bill for $1.9 billion, but it lacked specificity on how that was to be spent, so the $1.1 billion was the one that got the vote. I was hoping it would be the Cornyn vote that was passed because it was off-set with health prevention money we already have. Those funds can be used for just this kind of need. I don’t know why there would be an objection to using that for the Zika virus, but there was. Even so, we resolved it. We re-solved it without offsetting it, adding another $1.1 billion to the deficit, and were able to move that project forward. So in light of that, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, the Senator from Wyoming knows my af-fection for him as a friend. The Senator from Wyoming is a great Senator from the State of Wyoming, and Wyoming does not have the threat as the south-ern States do in the United States as the summer comes upon us. The Senator has referred to the Cor-nyn amendment. The Cornyn amend-ment allowed for $1.1 billion, which was voted down. It was paid for by raiding the Affordable Care Act, and that is just not going to happen. Whenever an emergency happens, the tradition of the U.S. Congress is, in fact, to provide for that emergency on a basis that you don’t have to go and rob some other piece of funding in order to pay for it. When a hurricane hits and if it hits Florida, I certainly hope you all are going to appropriate emergency funds. If there is an earth-quake or the eruption of a volcano, fires—whatever the natural or man-made disaster that occurs—that is what a government does. One of the functions of government is to protect the health and welfare of the people, and sometimes that calls for the fund-ing of an emergency. We don’t have a lot of children with microcephaly that have been born from pregnant women here, but that is com-ing. We have already seen it. Wait until all of the Americans, including in the northern tier of States and the western United States, go to Rio for the Olym-pics. Wait until there is a further mi-gration out of Puerto Rico, which is causing a brain drain because of the fi-nancial condition of that island and which we are not helping them with as we continue to dither about their fi-nancial distress. Wait until that migra-tion of American citizens comes more and more from Puerto Rico to the con-tinental United States and brings with them those infected with the Zika virus. All of this is about to happen, and it is about to explode. This Senator suspects that a lot of the people who are objecting to moving on this on an emergency basis are going to rue the day when they see the consequences. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I have a fondness for the Senator from Florida, as well, and recognize that he is fur-ther south and that they, perhaps, have more mosquitoes than we do, although even Alaska would have a competition with that. But we did pass emergency money for this. We did declare it an emergency and pass $1.1 billion. That is $1,100 mil-lion to work on this problem. Before, we had the Ebola problem. That was the crisis of the year, and we allocated money to that. We allocated more money to that than it needed. That is why some of that money was brought over as an emergency into solving the Zika problem. I have been doing some research as the Budget Chairman, and I found that we have about $6 billion worth of emer-gencies every year. We ought to budget for what we know is consistent. Unfor-tunately, I had them look it up, and I found that we actually spend $26 billion in emergencies every year. That ought to be a part of the budget and not just passed on to future generations. They are going to have their own emer-gencies that they are going to need to solve. Somehow we are going to have to get control of this. I am pleased we have a bipartisan effort going to see if there aren’t some solutions that can be built into the budget process. But that is not what I came over here for to begin with. Madam President, we have the right, when a government rule is finalized, if we don’t agree with it, we can get a pe-tition. If we can get enough Senators on a petition, we can get a guaranteed 10 hours of debate and an up-or-down vote on that rule. In America, we are trying to get people to save more for retirement, to invest more—and now this administration makes it harder to do so. I rise to speak in support of H.J. Res. 88, expressing congressional dis-approval of the rule submitted by the Department of Labor with respect to investment advice. How many people do you think are going to be willing to seek investment advice if they have to sign a contract before they can even see if that is the person they want to work with? It is called the fiduciary and conflict of interest rule. We are all against con-flict of interest. There aren’t even a lot of people who know how to spell ‘‘fidu-ciary.’’ That is to confuse people about what this is about. We do have a retirement coverage gap in America. There are tens of mil-lions of Americans who are not pre-pared for retirement. The regulation put forward by the Obama administra-tion that we are debating today will limit the advice that individuals seek-ing access to retirement plans can re-ceive. That will increase the size of this retirement gap. This regulation will significantly im-pede the ability of low- and middle-in-come Americans to save for retire-ment. They will simply not have any-one to answer their questions and pro-vide advice. For many years, I have heard the goal of this regulation is to force finan-cial advisers to work in the best inter-est of their clients. I am completely in favor of financial advisers doing so. I have cosponsored legislation requiring that practice in law. I have cospon-sored it and tried to pass it. In fact, in my almost 20 years of working on re-tirement policy in the U.S. Senate, I have never met anyone who doesn’t agree that financial advisers should act in the best interests of their cus-tomers. The problem with this rule is, it goes far beyond requiring a best interest standard. It goes so far as to effectively prohibit the means by which low- and middle-income Americans receive re-tirement advice. A massive regulatory regime has been created by this rule. It will undoubtedly raise the costs in a $24 trillion—or to put it in numbers that are easier to understand, a $24 thousand billion industry. Sure, large companies and retirement savers with large assets will probably be able to deal with the increased costs, but what about the small investors, the small advisers, the people interested in re-tirement savings, the ones who have modest assets—like most of the cities and towns in Wyoming. This rule will negatively impact the services and choices available to investors. I can’t imagine why limiting options, limiting choices, and limiting services is being touted as a victory for anyone. My home State of Wyoming is hurt-ing. Our energy-based economy is de-clining significantly, largely due to regulations added by the Obama ad-ministration. Now that same adminis-tration is issuing a regulation that will hurt the future savings of my constitu-ents. Wealthy Americans across America will not be affected by this rule. Yes, wealthy Americans will not be af-fected. They can go about receiving their retirement advice the same way they always have. However, many of my constituents will be affected by this rule. Their retirement savings will suffer. It is as simple as that. There are approximately 28.8 million small businesses in America. Those businesses create two out of every three new private sector jobs and em-ploy nearly half of America’s work-force. I am a former small business owner. I know well what it takes to run a small business. This rule will hurt re-tirement coverage among small busi-nesses. It will create burdens, limits, and options for small businesses trying to offer retirement plans. In my experi-ence, that will result in one of two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.030 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3081 May 24, 2016 
things—either increased costs or no ac-cess to retirement advice. The Obama administration is going to force small businesses to choose be-tween paying increased fees, which could jeopardize the success of the business and therefore the jobs of the employees, or not providing access to retirement savings for their employees, which jeopardizes the lifelong income of those employees. It is a no-win situ-ation for small employers that are try-ing to take care of their employees and grow their business. I always say to learn from the mis-takes of others as there is not time enough to make them all yourself. This regulation has been tried before. We have precedent to look to when exam-ining the impact this rule will have on our economy. A very similar change was made in the United Kingdom just a few years ago, but this March the United Kingdom released a study which confirmed that there is a very dis-turbing retirement advice gap for low- and middle-income individuals, the very ones I am talking about that will be affected here in America. I have read how this administra-tion—as well as some of my friends on the other side of the aisle—has said that rule is different than that issued by the United Kingdom. Here is the thing: it is not all that different. The impact will be the same, and this is what has happened: Wealthy individ-uals are getting access to retirement advice while middle- and lower income individuals are not. I have not under-stood, nor will I understand, why this regulation was put forward and final-ized. The Department of Labor itself ad-mitted on February 29 that relatively little is known about how people make planning and financial decisions before and during retirement, but that didn’t stop them. The Department of Labor, which is the proponent of this rule, does not know how people make finan-cial and planning decisions before and during retirement. Why would they go ahead with such a disastrous regula-tion? Why should such a seemingly dis-astrous regulation be put forward when it is unknown how many people it will affect? Perhaps they should start by finding out how average people make investment and retirement savings de-cisions. The regulation we are debating today has been lauded as one that will help low- and middle-income individuals save for retirement. I refute that claim with two main points. First, an anal-ysis of a very similar change to a re-tirement system has proven that the opposite has occurred. Second, the au-thors of this regulation know little or nothing about how many people this will impact or even in what ways. Peo-ple who give investment advice give it just fine right now, but they can see what is coming. That is why they have been to my office and visited with me about what they are going to have to do with the people who come to them for investment advice—or the people they want to provide services to. There will likely be unintended con-sequences of this new regulation, and as we have seen those will likely be painful consequences. As I stated in the beginning of my remarks, we have a re-tirement coverage gap in America. I have been working for almost 20 years in the Senate to help close that gap. All this new regulation will do is limit retirement advice for the people who need it the most. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution of dis-approval. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ZIKA VIRUS  
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, on Monday I hosted a roundtable discus-sion at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine in Baltimore to review, with experts from my community, the strat-egy we need to employ with regard to the Zika virus. I pointed out at the beginning of that roundtable discussion that the World Health Organization has labeled the Zika virus as a public health urgency of international concern. The World Health Organization has estimated that as many as 4 million will be af-fected in the Americas. We know the current numbers of reported cases in the United States. As of last week, we had over 1,300 cases in the United States and our territories. Almost all of those that we have in the United States, in the Continental United States, are travel related. We have 17 confirmed cases in Mary-land. Those cases are going to go up dramatically. We know that. As the summer months and the warm, wet weather occurs, with the mosquito pop-ulation occurring, we know the number of people affected by the Zika virus is going to go up dramatically. This is the challenge. We know it is transmitted primarily through mos-quito bites, through mosquitoes. For example, we know that in Puerto Rico, it is going to be very active. We also know in the United States the mos-quito population could very well act as a major transmitter of the Zika virus, but the Zika virus is also transmitted through sexual intercourse. Therefore, people who have the Zika virus and who may not know they have the Zika virus—because many individuals who are infected don’t know they have the virus—this could become a major prob-lem in the United States. What is at stake? We do know the Zika virus is directly linked to the birth defect microcephaly. That is a tragic circumstance affecting fetuses that could present a lifetime challenge for the child who is born with microcephaly. We know it from the small skull. What I learned at this roundtable discussion is that the com-plications from microcephaly include lifetime disabilities. The brain is much smaller. It is not capable. In many cases, it leads to blindness and death. It is not unusual to have not only the human cost involved in this birth de-fect, but the actual lifetime cost is es-timated as high as $10 million for each child born with microcephaly. This is a huge challenge to our country with the spread of the Zika virus. There are also other conditions that have been associated with the Zika virus, including Guillain-Barre syn-drome. That is a nervous condition, a nerve damage condition that can lead to death. What is the answer? In this round-table discussion, we had the public health officers from Baltimore City, Anne Arundel County, Howard Coun-try, and Frederick County. We had ex-perts dealing with mosquito control. We had experts who were dealing with the development of vaccines and treat-ments. We had a robust discussion as to what can be done. First and foremost, there was strong understanding that public awareness is going to be critically important to dealing with the Zika virus. The public needs to know. If you are pregnant or intend to start a family, you need to know the risk factors. It would be nice if you could have a test done to know whether you have the Zika virus, but the problem is the current state of development for the tests has produced two tests that the FDA has made available upon an emer-gency basis. One looks at the person’s immune system that shows certain signs that person has the Zika virus. As I said before, it is not clear whether you will have any symptoms, even though you may have the virus. This one test looks at your immune system and is not 100 percent reliable by any stretch of the imagination, but it at least gives some indication. In many cases, you have to take the test more than once. There is another test that can be given that if you actually have the virus in your system, it will show that, but there is a problem. The virus does not stay long in your system, but you still have the impact of the virus. So that could come back negative, but you still have the effects of the Zika virus. Also, we are not sure as to how long the Zika virus can be transmitted through sexual contact. That issue is still being studied. So it is very pos-sible that a person may have been in-fected by the Zika virus, does not real-ize they have been infected, and several months later, through sexual inter-course, transmits the Zika virus to his or her partner. So these are all areas we want the public to know more about, and we are developing more and more scientific in-formation on tests that can help us identify those who have the Zika virus, and hopefully we will develop some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.032 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3082 May 24, 2016 
way of dealing with those who are in-fected. Obviously, we want people who want to start a family to recognize they should try to avoid areas where there is a large vulnerability to the Zika virus. That will be particularly impor-tant this summer. Lastly, we want to develop a vaccine. I must tell you that I was very encour-aged by the individuals involved in ac-tual vaccine development who were at the roundtable discussion I had—I was encouraged about the fact that later this summer they will start clinical trials on vaccines that they hope will produce a way to immunize a popu-lation from being subject to the Zika virus. That is very exciting, but before we get too excited, I was sobered by the discussion in which I was told that the first rounds of these vaccines are going to be rather difficult, that you may have to take it several times, that it may be of a very short duration, and that it will take more time before we can develop the types of vaccines that are efficient and where it will be per-haps once in a lifetime that you would need to take them to protect you from the Zika virus indefinitely. And this is also the challenge: The experts who were there on Monday said this is not just a one-time-only situa-tion; we can expect that the Zika virus will be with us in the future. So let me give you some of the takeaways from this discussion that took place at Johns Hopkins Hospital, and Dr. Wen, who is the health com-missioner for Baltimore City, made this point when we were talking about the money. I went through the $1.9 bil-lion the administration has requested. I went through the different agencies, both domestic and international, that would benefit from that $1.9 billion. I then compared it to the $1.1 billion which has been acted on by the Senate and showed the differences. For example, if my math is correct, NIH would receive $77 million less under the $1.1 billion than the $1.9 bil-lion. We had people from NIH at that roundtable talking about the research being done right now to develop medi-cines and treatments that we hope will minimize the risk of a birth defect for those who have been affected. No, we don’t know how to cure it. We don’t have a treatment that can cure the Zika virus, but we are hopeful that we will be able to develop the medical pro-tocols to minimize for those who are infected the risk of having a child with a birth defect or developing the neuro-logical damage. We certainly don’t want to slow that down, and so what I take away from that discussion is that we want to make sure they have all the tools they need in order to deal with this crisis. Dr. Wen pointed out that if you take a look at some of the action in the House of Representatives where they are taking additional monies away from the funds that go to our local health departments, that is counter-productive. Dr. Wen pointed out that the money she receives from the public health emergency preparedness funding has been cut—cut—in order to pay for the Zika funds. Well, it is the emer-gency preparedness funds that are used by our local health departments to reach out and deal with the vulnerable populations, to make sure they under-stand the risk factors and do what they can to prevent the risk factors. I must also tell you that I was talk-ing to our representative from Mary-land at the Department of Agriculture, which does mosquito control. Several people talked to me about mosquito control. One of the things you want to do is have a comprehensive plan to eradicate mosquitoes during the sea-son. That is very effective. The prob-lem is that these budgets are capped. They do not have the resources to do what they need to do. And they were telling me that we were better pre-pared a couple of years ago than we are today in dealing with mosquito con-trol. So we need to coordinate that ef-fort and do a better job on mosquito control. We can’t take money away from these programs. Mr. President, they made this point very clearly: The crisis is now. It is here. It is here in America today, and it is going to get worse every month. We know that. We need to act now on the funding in an emergency supple-mental appropriations bill that can get to the President’s desk today, not in an appropriations bill that has to go through the process, and that usually takes until the fall before we can make those funds available. I want to just go over a point that was made to me by one of the individ-uals who was at this roundtable and who is an expert on cost issues. He was explaining the mathematics to me. Dr. Bruce Lee, a Johns Hopkins University associate professor of international health, modeled the cost issues. He used the most conservative estimates and said that our delay in dealing with the Zika virus will add an additional $2 billion in cost. As I said, for every child born with a birth defect, we estimate the cost to be about $10 million. If we can avoid 100 of these children born with a birth defect, that is $1 billion. The first issue, of course, is the human cost of the Zika virus and the impact it has on families and on those who are directly affected. This, as Dr. Lee said, is an invest-ment. The money we are making avail-able is an investment. What do we need to do? We need to make sure money is available for mosquito control. That is one way we can stop the spread of the Zika virus. We have to make sure money is available for our local health departments because they are reaching out to pregnant women. Dr. Wen made a very important point to me: In many cases, we are dealing with low-income families. They do not have air-conditioners. In some cases, they do not even have screens. And they are going to be more susceptible to the Zika virus because of mosqui-toes. So they have to reach out and do the things local health departments can do. And the Baltimore City Health Department has a leader on all of this, but they need their resources. So we need to make certain we fund our local health departments. We certainly can’t cut the funds being made available. We are also proud of the work done at NIH and the Centers for Disease Control. We have to make sure they have the funds they need so they can develop the ways we can test to make sure we know who has the Zika virus and hopefully develop protocols for people who have the virus and develop a vaccine as quickly as possible that is efficient and can be widely used to pre-vent the Zika virus from moving for-ward. All that is possible. I left the discus-sion in Baltimore with hope. There is a way of dealing with it, but we have to express the urgency this crisis de-mands. And, yes, we need to be an international leader. Part of this is U.S. leadership globally. This is not the last crisis we are going to have. U.S. leadership helped avoid a worse international crisis than we saw with Ebola. As a result, we have now devel-oped health capacities in many coun-tries around the world to deal with the next pandemic. We know there will be another episode in the future. We need to prepare today for this. There is no more fundamental re-sponsibility of the government than to keep our people safe. We have the op-portunity to respond in the right way to the Zika virus, but it requires Con-gress to provide the tools so that the experts in this area can do their work and develop the medical protocols that deal with this, get the information out to the public so they can protect them-selves in the best way possible using pesticides, using insect repellants, using common sense, and not traveling to areas that are high-risk areas, par-ticularly if they are pregnant or in-tending to start a family. They can take the right precautions, and we can develop a vaccine that will protect peo-ple not only in this country but glob-ally from this health care crisis. I am convinced we can get it done. Let’s start today by passing the funding nec-essary so our agencies can do the work. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the Department of La-bor’s fiduciary rule. Over the past year Nebraska’s small business owners, retirees, insurance and financial professionals, and indi-viduals in a wide range of other indus-tries have expressed their concerns re-garding this fiduciary rule. Unfortu-nately, the negative feedback I hear has only grown since the final version of this rule was published last month. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.034 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3083 May 24, 2016 
This dense and complicated rule would change the definition of a fidu-ciary and what constitutes investment advice. In short, the rule could make it more difficult for many individuals to open and to maintain IRAs. It could also lead to fewer companies offering 401(k) plans for their employees. If the rule is implemented, lower in-come savers may face a disadvantage compared to wealthier consumers with higher account balances. It is often convenient for regulators in Wash-ington to claim they are protecting the middle class, but that is the very seg-ment which stands to lose the most from this new rule. Wealthier con-sumers and larger businesses often have the resources to comply with costly regulations, but small busi-nesses are already struggling to stay afloat. This rule could further hamper their operations by pricing them out of the market. Because of these and other concerns, I joined my colleagues to cosponsor the Senate version of the joint resolution of disapproval of this rule. An identical resolution passed the House on April 28 by a wide margin, and later today the Senate will vote to pass the House res-olution and send it to President Obama’s desk. Congress has already offered respon-sible solutions to the problems this rule is trying to address. For example, I am a cosponsor of legislation intro-duced by Senator M
ARK KIRK, the Strengthening Access to Valuable Edu-cation and Retirement Support—or SAVERS—Act, as well as legislation introduced by Senator I
SAKSON , the Af-fordable Retirement Advice Protection Act. Both of these bills would protect Americans who are saving for retire-ment without forcing them into the fixed-fee arrangements the fiduciary rule would, in many circumstances, mandate. These arrangements could create new roadblocks, making it hard-er—it will make it harder for con-sumers to receive financial advice. Nebraskans depend on this financial guidance to plan their futures and also to provide for their families. Wash-ington bureaucrats should not be dic-tating whom you can hire and what in-vestments you can make. It is time to draw the line and to stop this injection of government into the free market. I am proud to fight on behalf of Ne-braskans and their families for their freedom to make the best financial de-cisions for their own future, and I urge my colleagues to vote with me in sup-port of this resolution of disapproval. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so ordered. ZIKA VIRUS  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, a poll last month found that 4 in 10 Americans had heard little or nothing about the Zika virus, and many others were un-aware that it was a risk to the United States. The likely reason for this is that the virus isn’t yet being trans-mitted locally here in the United States. But for all of us in Congress, this is not an excuse for inaction. Our job is to anticipate threats, not just to re-spond to them. We have all the infor-mation we need to know that the Zika virus is bad and is potentially about to get worse. In fact, I believe it won’t be long be-fore virtually all of our people have heard of this virus, are concerned about it, and want to know why their leaders aren’t doing more to fight it. They want to know what we are doing now. Sadly, the answer is not enough. Even though the problem has been steadily getting worse, Congress has refused to treat it with the urgency I believe it deserves. There was a time when Zika was con-sidered a foreign virus, but that is no longer the case. As of today, there are now 544 cases in the mainland United States, with more being confirmed al-most daily. All of those so far are trav-el related, but there are also 832 cases locally transmitted in American terri-tories, mostly in Puerto Rico. If the problem is there, it won’t be long be-fore it is here on the mainland. Just this week, the National Insti-tute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, which is the government’s top author-ity on these issues, warned that mos-quitoes carrying Zika will begin infect-ing Americans in the next ‘‘month or so.’’ Once those mosquitoes are here, they are going to reproduce. As soon as we have one case of Zika transmitted locally by a mosquito, there will be others that will follow shortly there-after. Just a few days ago, the Centers for Disease Control announced that 157 pregnant women in the United States and another 122 in U.S. territories have shown signs of infection from the Zika virus. This should be another wake-up call for the Congress. Knowing that there are at least 279 pregnant women in the United States with likely Zika virus infections means we also poten-tially have at least 279 unborn children at risk of microcephaly, and we should be doing all we can to save these human beings. So we have a limited amount of time to brace ourselves and get a headstart on confronting this threat. Keep in mind that there is not yet a vaccine for Zika. There is no cure for the condi-tions and for the birth defects it causes. So for all of us as Americans but especially for all of us as elected leaders, it is long past due to take this virus seriously, because the virus is not just serious; this virus is deadly seri-ous, and so far the Congress is failing this test. I am proud of the work done here in the Senate to pass a funding measure. It may not have been as much as we may ultimately need, but at least at $1.1 billion, a significant amount of money is going to go toward fighting this threat. To date, in the House, the story is different. Last week, the House passed a $622 million package. This is about a third of what was originally requested. The funds were secured by redirecting money approved to respond to the Ebola outbreak in 2014. I want to be wrong about this, but I fear that $622 million is simply not going to be enough to deal with this problem if it heads in the direction that the doctors and the experts are telling us it is headed. So I come here on the floor of the Senate today to urge our colleagues in the House and its leadership to realize that this threat is knocking on our door and the opportunity to get out ahead of this problem is quickly slip-ping away. Within a month, we are likely to have a very different situa-tion on our hands with regards to Zika. Not only have we delayed action for far too long already, but we are not ex-pecting any action this week before Congress goes into recess next week. In other words, it is likely Congress will let at least—at least—another 2 weeks go by on this issue without any action. So I urge the American people to make next week a tough one on those who are home from Congress who have refused to take meaningful action to confront Zika because they need to hear from you. To any Members of Congress who don’t receive pressure at home next week, you should know that you soon enough will. While only a portion of our constituents are currently con-cerned about Zika, that will change the moment the first case locally trans-mitted by a mosquito is confirmed in the mainland United States. Then we are going to have to answer to those who want to know why we didn’t act, and, quite frankly, we are not going to have a satisfying answer. Waiting to act until we have a panic on our hands is not leadership. So I encourage the House to act on the scale the American people need it to act, and I urge Congress to send a bill to the President as soon as possible regarding this matter. I hope we will properly fund this fight so we can win it. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 4:45 p.m., all time be expired on H.J. Res. 88. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.035 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3084 May 24, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. For the informa-tion of all of our colleagues, we expect two votes at 4:45 this afternoon. The first vote will be on the passage of H.J. Res. 88, and the second vote will be on the motion to proceed to S.J. Res. 28. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. A
YOTTE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, today Americans have enough to worry about. Questioning the advice they get for their retirement savings accounts should not have to be one of them. We finally have a new protection on the books that would help protect sen-iors’ retirement savings from biased re-tirement advice. It is called the fidu-ciary rule, and it is pretty simple. It says if financial advisers are giving people advice on their retirement ac-counts, they should put their clients’ best interests ahead of their own. But with the resolution that is before us, Republicans want to prevent that rule from ever helping people to save up for retirement. Instead, they are dead set on saving the status quo that has al-lowed financial advisers to line their own pockets at the expense of people trying to save for their retirement. After a lifetime of hard work, all sen-iors should have the chance to live out their golden years on firm financial footing and with peace of mind. Once again, I urge my colleagues to vote no. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, all time has expired on H.J. Res. 88. The joint resolution was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. CARPER ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 56, nays 41, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 84 Leg.] YEAS—56 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—41 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Carper Cruz Sanders 
The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 88) was passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE—MOTION TO PRO-CEED Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I move to proceed to S.J. Res. 28. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 479, S.J. Res. 28, providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Secretary of Agriculture relating to inspec-tion of fish of the order Siluriformes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion to proceed. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. CARPER ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 57, nays 40, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 85 Leg.] YEAS—57 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Burr Cantwell Cardin Casey Coats Coons Corker Cornyn Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Feinstein Flake Franken Gardner Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heller Hirono Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Lee Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Risch Rubio Sasse Schumer Shaheen Sullivan Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—40 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Boxer Brown Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Cotton Donnelly Durbin Fischer Gillibrand Graham Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Leahy Manchin McConnell Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Paul Perdue Portman Roberts Rounds Schatz Scott Sessions Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Carper Cruz Sanders 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the joint resolution. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 28) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Secretary of Agriculture relating to inspection of fish of the order Siluriformes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Pursuant to the provisions of the Congressional Review Act, 5 USC 801, and following, there will be up to 10 hours of debate, equally divided be-tween those favoring and opposing the resolution. The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I thank my colleagues for their vote to move to this resolution. I think we can count this, frankly, as a victory for the American taxpayer rather than certain special interests. I would like to begin by making clear in the R
ECORD the groups that are sup-porting this resolution: the National Retail Federation, the Food Marketing Institute, Taxpayers for Protection Al-liance, National Taxpayers Union, Tax-payers for Common Sense, the Heritage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.036 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3085 May 24, 2016 
Foundation, FreedomWorks, Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council, Citizens Against Government Waste, Center for Individual Freedom, Inde-pendent Women’s Voice, R Street Insti-tute, Campaign for Liberty, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, the American Frozen Food Institute, and the list goes on and on and on. Ten times—ten times—the Govern-ment Accountability Office has said the same thing over and over, and that is that this program is duplicative and it is unnecessary. It is unfortunate we are spending tens of millions of dollars every year on a program that is dupli-cative and unnecessary. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a Wall Street Journal editorial entitled ‘‘Ending the Catfish Fight.’’ There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal, May 24, 2016] E
NDING THE CATFISH FIGHT 
THE SENATE CAN ROLL BACK A PROTECTIONIST  
BARRIER TO FREER TRADE WITH ASIA  President Obama is in Vietnam and Japan this week, where he’ll probably be getting an earful about America’s rising antitrade sen-timent and the threat that poses to the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. So here’s hoping the U.S. Senate can provide at least some leadership by ending the protec-tionist treatment of one of Vietnam’s most valuable exports: catfish. Vietnamese exporters have competed with U.S. catfish farmers from the Mississippi Delta since the 1990s. Trouble began in 2002, when Mississippi Republican Thad Cochran and other Southern lawmakers barred for-eigners from calling their product ‘‘catfish’’ because technically it’s pangasius, also called basa or swai, an Asian cousin with similar taste, texture and whiskers. This didn’t stop Americans from buying the tasty, cheaper imports, and neither did a round of spurious antidumping tariffs im-posed on the Vietnamese fish in 2003. So Mr. Cochran went further, using the 2008 farm bill to transfer oversight of catfish to the Department of Agriculture from the Food and Drug Administration, even though the meat and poultry experts at the USDA regulate no other fish. This required classifying pangasius as catfish after all, and claiming that there was a public-health risk where none existed. The true motive was to impose high new compliance costs on Viet-namese exporters, who might then be priced out of the U.S. market. The Government Accountability Office has slammed the new inspection regime 10 times, estimating its cost at $30 million to start and $14 million annually to operate, as com-pared with $700,000 a year for the original program. Repeal would ‘‘save taxpayers mil-lions of dollars annually without affecting the safety of catfish intended for human con-sumption,’’ says the GAO. It would also let Americans keep buying the fish they prefer, while eliminating the likelihood that Viet-nam and others will sue at the World Trade Organization and retaliate against U.S. ex-ports of beef, soybeans and other products. Yet multiple bipartisan efforts at repeal have failed, so the wasteful program took ef-fect in March, beginning an 18–month phase- in period. Exporters in Vietnam are already feeling squeezed, and our sources say that Vietnam’s top leader planned to raise the issue with Mr. Obama in Hanoi, echoing years of complaints from lower-level offi-cials. The good news is that more than 30 Sen-ators from both parties introduced a meas-ure Monday to repeal the program in a straight up-or-down vote under the Congres-sional Review Act. That may be easier than attaching it to larger bills, as in the past, that Mr. Cochran and his allies could block. A vote could come before Mr. Obama leaves Asia. Repeal would boost U.S. credibility in a region that needs trade leadership. Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, quoting from that article: 
President Obama is in Vietnam and Japan this week, where he’ll probably be getting an earful about America’s rising antitrade sen-timent and the threat that poses to the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. So here’s hoping the U.S. Senate can provide at least some leadership by ending the protec-tionist treatment of one of Vietnam’s most valuable exports: catfish. 
This is from the Wall Street Journal. Most of us—at least on this side of the aisle—have a great deal of respect for the opinions that are on the editorial page of the Wall Street Journal. The article goes on to say: 
Vietnamese exporters have competed with U.S. catfish farmers from the Mississippi delta since the 1990s. Trouble began in 2002, when Mississippi Republican Thad Cochran and other southern lawmakers barred for-eigners from calling their product ‘‘catfish’’ because technically it’s pangasius, also called basa or swai, an Asian cousin with similar taste, texture and whiskers. This didn’t stop Americans from buying the tasty, cheaper imports, and neither did a round of spurious antidumping tariffs imposed on the Vietnamese fish in 2003. So Mr. Cochran went further, using the 2008 farm bill to transfer oversight of catfish to the Department of Agriculture from the Food and Drug Administration, even though the meat and poultry experts at the USDA regulate no other fish. This required classifying pangasius as catfish after all, and claiming that there was a public-health risk where none existed. The true motive was to impose high new compliance costs on Viet-namese exporters, who might then be priced out of the U.S. market. The Government Accountability Office has slammed the new inspection regime 10 times, estimating its cost at $30 million to start and $14 million annually to operate, as com-pared with $700,000 a year for the original program. Repeal would ‘‘save taxpayers mil-lions of dollars annually without affecting the safety of catfish intended for human con-sumption,’’ says the GAO. It would also let Americans keep buying the fish they prefer, while eliminating the likelihood that Viet-nam and others will sue at the World Trade Organization and retaliate against U.S. ex-ports of beef, soybeans, and other products. Yet multiple bipartisan efforts at repeal have failed, so the wasteful program took ef-fect in March, beginning an 18-month phase- in period. Exporters in Vietnam are already feeling the squeeze and our sources say that Vietnam’s top leader planned to raise the issue with Mr. Obama in Hanoi. The good news is that more than 30 Sen-ators from both parties introduced a meas-ure Monday to repeal the program in a straight up-or-down vote under the Congres-sional Review Act. That may be easier than attaching it to larger bills, as in the past, that Mr. Cochran and his allies could block. A vote could come before Mr. Obama leaves Asia. Repeal would boost U.S. credibility in a region that needs trade leadership. 
It is pretty clear that we have the highest regard for the Government Ac-countability Office. Now, sometimes we don’t always agree, but this is why 10 times the Government Account-ability Office has found this program duplicative and a waste of tax dollars. This is why the Citizens Against Gov-ernment Waste, the Taxpayers for Common Sense, the National Tax-payers Union, Heritage Foundation, FreedomWorks, and the Center for In-dividual Freedom—literally every watchdog organization in this town and in America—support this resolu-tion. The disapproval resolution is the means to stop this wasteful rule be-cause all efforts to work within the normal procedures have been blocked. Whether it be the farm bill or TPA, ef-forts for the Senate to debate this issue have been shut off. The sole time the Senate voted on this program, it voted overwhelmingly to eliminate the pro-gram. I think at least on this side of the aisle there is an organization we are pretty respectful of, and it is the Herit-age Foundation. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the RECORD a statement from Heritage Action for America, which weighs in regularly, as we know, on this issue. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Heritage Action for America, May 24, 2016] ‘‘Y
ES’’ ONCRA T OBLOCK THE CATFISH  P
ROGRAM (S.J. R ES. 28) (By Dan Holler) On Tuesday, the Senate is expected to vote on S.J. Res. 28, a resolution offered by Sen. John McCain under the Congressional Re-view Act (CRA) that would block the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s (USDA’s) cat-fish inspection rule. For over a century, the Food and Drug Ad-ministration (FDA) has been responsible for inspecting and regulating the nation’s food supply, including both domestic and im-ported seafood. That was, however, until the 2008 Farm Bill carved out catfish to instead be regulated by the USDA. As a result, facili-ties that process seafood will now have to comply with both USDA (for catfish) and FDA (for all other seafood) regulations. These overlapping, duplicative, and possibly conflicting regulatory regimes will cost tax-payers an unnecessary $140 million. There is no policy justification for carving out catfish from the broader seafood regu-latory structure. To wit, the Government Accountability Office (GAO), a non-partisan group generally reserved and measured in its conclusions, entitled its report on the pro-gram: ‘‘Responsibility for Inspecting Catfish Should Not Be Assigned to USDA.’’ GAO has elsewhere concluded (as part of it’s ‘‘High Risk’’ of waste series) that the catfish pro-gram results in duplication and wasted spending while in no way enhancing food safety. The duplicative regulatory requirements also have trade implications, as foreign ex-porters selling catfish would also have to abide by both the FDA and USDA’s regu-latory structures, and specifically would re-quire imports alone to abide by a new ‘‘equivalency’’ test that would effectively block out foreign catfish for years. This could harm consumers by limiting competi-tion and choice in the catfish market. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.040 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3086 May 24, 2016 
fact, this appears to be precisely the motiva-tion: To use a non-tariff trade barrier to bur-den foreign competitors in an attempt to help domestic providers corner the market. As the New York Times reported, Vietnam has taken particular offense to the new rule, and rightly so: ‘‘Vietnam, a large exporter of catfish and one of the nations in the trade talks, says it is nothing more than a trade barrier in dis-guise. ‘And it’s not even a good disguise; it’s clearly a thinly veiled attempt designed to keep out fish from countries like Vietnam,’ said Le Chi Dzung, who heads the economics section at the Vietnamese Embassy in Wash-ington.’’ While this $140 million program may ap-pear small relative to the overall budget pic-ture, it nevertheless looms large as a poster child of government cronyism, with special interests benefiting at the expense of every-one else. It is difficult to state it better than former FDA seafood inspection chief, Bryon Truglio, who stated: ‘‘[A] group of lobbyists and a trade associa-tion representing elements of the American catfish producers . . . has bullied Congress into moving catfish regulation to the USDA, making it harder for their foreign competi-tors to enter the US market. This move is a win for US catfish producers, but ultimately, a loss for American taxpayers and con-sumers.’’ Fortunately, Congress may actually have the chance to block the catfish rule this year. The Obama Administration acknowl-edges the duplication inherent in the USDA’s catfish inspection program, and proposed eliminating it in a recent budget. Despite having advanced the rule—apparently agree-ing (for once) it must abide by clear congres-sional statute and intent—Obama Adminis-tration opposes the rule. By sending the President this CRA for him to sign, Congress will allow this duplicative and wasteful cat-fish inspection rule to be blocked consistent with the rule of law. Heritage Action supports S.J. Res. 28 and will include it as a key vote on our legisla-tive scorecard. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, quoting from the statement of Heritage Action for America, they say: 
There is no policy justification for carving out catfish from the broader seafood regu-latory structure. 
The statement goes on to say: 
While this $140 million program may ap-pear small relative to the overall budget pic-ture, it nevertheless looms large as a poster child of government cronyism, with special interests benefiting at the expense of every-one else. It is difficult to state it better than former FDA seafood inspection chief Bryon Truglio, who stated: ‘‘[A] group of lobbyists and a trade association representing ele-ments of the American catfish producers . . . has bullied Congress into moving catfish reg-ulation to the USDA, making it harder for their foreign competitors to enter the U.S. market. This move is a win for U.S. catfish producers, but ultimately, a loss for Amer-ican taxpayers and consumers.’’ Fortunately, Congress may actually have the chance to block the catfish rule this year. The Obama administration acknowl-edges the duplication inherent in the USDA’s catfish inspection program, and proposed eliminating it in a recent budget. By sending the President this CRA for him to sign, Con-gress will allow this duplicative and wasteful catfish inspection rule to be blocked con-sistent with the rule of law. 
That is from the Heritage Founda-tion. Now, this is FreedomWorks: As one of our over 5.7 million FreedomWorks activists nationwide, I urge you to contact your Senators and ask them to vote YES on S.J. Res. 28, a resolution that would repeal the U.S. Department of Agri-culture’s catfish inspection rule. 
The FreedomWorks statement goes on to say: 
The program was developed to assess the risks associated with catfish consumption. 
And it goes on as to how they want it overruled. Also, I have a statement from the Taxpayers Protection Union, the Cam-paign for Liberty, the Center for Indi-vidual Freedom, Independent Women’s Forum, the National Taxpayers Union, R Street Institute, Taxpayers for Com-mon Sense, and the list goes on and on. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a letter to Senator A
YOTTE which is signed by David Williams, president, Taxpayers Protection Alliance; Norm Singleton, president, Campaign For Liberty; Jeff Mazzella, president, Cen-ter for Individual Freedom; Tom Schatz, president, Council for Citizens Against Government Waste; Sabrina Schaffer, executive director, Inde-pendent Women’s Forum; Heather R. Higgins, president and CEO, Inde-pendent Women’s Voice; Brandon Ar-nold, executive vice president, Na-tional Taxpayers Union; Andrew Moylan, executive director, R Street Institute; Karen Kerrigan, president and CEO, Small Business & Entrepre-neurship Council; and Steve Ellis, vice president, Taxpayers for Common Sense. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MAY23, 2016. Hon. K
ELLY AYOTTE , Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR AYOTTE , As organizations that represent millions of taxpayers across the country, we write to support your efforts to repeal the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) catfish inspection pro-gram. We are pleased to see you and your co-sponsors, Sens. John McCain (R–Ariz.) and Jeanne Shaheen (D–N.H.), using the Congres-sional Review Act to repeal one of the most demonstrably wasteful and duplicative pro-grams ever enacted. The unnecessary and duplicative bureauc-racy created by this program has now been targeted by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) a record ten times: February 2011, March 2011, May 2012, February 2013, April 2013, April 2014, December 2014, Feb-ruary 2015, April 2015, and April 2016. The USDA spent $19.9 million to develop and study the catfish inspection program, then told GAO it would cost the federal gov-ernment an additional ‘‘$14 million annu-ally’’ to run the program. This after GAO found the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) currently spends ‘‘less than $700,000 annually to inspect catfish.’’ If the cost of other, similar regulatory programs is any guide, the USDA program will cost far more than the estimated $14 million. The GAO also notes that it not only wastes taxpayer dollars and duplicates work already being done by the FDA, it actually weakens, rather than strengthens, our food safety sys-tems: ‘‘. . . the agency’s proposed catfish inspec-tion program further fragments the federal oversight system for food safety without demonstrating that there is a problem with catfish or a need for a new federal program.’’ Eliminating wasteful federal spending and burdensome regulation is a very difficult task, especially when proceeding one pro-gram at a time. But the value to taxpayers of doing so is undeniable. Thus, as you gath-er support for S.J. Res 28, please know we strongly support this effort to close the book on this now infamous and embarrassing ex-ample of government waste. The USDA catfish work is an embarrassing waste of tax dollars and so overtly duplica-tive a program it belongs in the annals of Washington waste history. Sincerely, David Williams, President, Taxpayers Pro-tection Alliance; Norm Singleton, President, Campaign for Liberty; Jeff Mazzella, Presi-dent, Center for Individual Freedom; Tom Schatz, President, Council for Citizens Against Government Waste; Sabrina Schaf-fer, Executive Director, Independent Wom-en’s Forum; Heather R. Higgins, President & CEO, Independent Women’s Voice; Brandon Arnold, Executive Vice President, National Taxpayers Union; Andrew Moylan, Executive Director & Senior Fellow, R Street Institute; Karen Kerrigan, President & CEO, Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council; Steve Ellis, Vice President, Taxpayers for Common Sense. Mr. M CCAIN. In other words, literally every watchdog organization has sup-ported what we are trying to do here. Here is one from the National Retail Federation. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that this letter be print-ed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MAY23, 2016. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. H
ARRY REID Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATORS MCCONNELL AND REID: We understand the Senate may soon consider a resolution of disapproval of the United States Department of Agriculture (‘‘USDA’’) catfish inspection program. We support this resolution and write to explain the negative impacts this program will have if fully im-plemented by the USDA Food Safety and In-spection Service (‘‘FSIS’’). The USDA program was created in 2008 and shifts food safety regulatory authority over certain domestic and imported seafood from the Food and Drug Administration (‘‘FDA’’) to FSIS. The program applies to imported pangasius, a mild white fish that is today the sixth most popular seafood item in the United States. FSIS issued a final rule in De-cember 2015, and a resolution of disapproval was filed in the Senate soon thereafter. The USDA program is of great concern to our member companies. The shift of food safety oversight from FDA to FSIS for this specific product establishes a nontariff trade barrier against imported pangasius. Export-ing countries will have to obtain an ‘‘equiva-lency’’ determination from FSIS if they wish to preserve their producers’’ ability to ex-port to the United States. Because the FSIS equivalency process routinely takes five years and sometimes over a decade to com-plete, this will create for those producers an insurmountable barrier to the U.S. market. Thus in a single stroke more than a fifth of the ‘‘value white fish’’ supply in the United States—about 250 million pounds a year— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 May 26, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\S24MY6.REC S24MY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3087 May 24, 2016 
will disappear. This reduction in supply will cause a dramatic increase in prices for our companies and our customers who rely on an affordable product for fish sticks in the freezer aisle and popular fish and chips menu items in restaurants. In addition, we are aware of persistent calls for expansion of the program to even more popular tilapia and shrimp. Such calls suggest that the existing USDA program is just the beginning. Nor is the program justified on a food safe-ty basis. USDA concedes that not a single case of Salmonella has been attributed to pangasius (or, for that matter, to domestic catfish) since establishment of the current FDA seafood regulatory approach in 1998. The Government Accountability Office has concluded that the USDA program will harm Federal food safety oversight by fracturing seafood regulation between two different regulatory agencies. For that and other rea-sons, GAO on ten different occasions has identified the program as a waste of tens of millions of taxpayer dollars and has urged the Congress to eliminate it. The United States must have a rigorous, effective food safety system. That system, however, should not prevent retailers and restaurants from sourcing the seafood that meets the demand of middle class American families for affordable, accessible protein. We urge you to support the resolution of dis-approval of the USDA catfish inspection pro-gram, under the Congressional Review Act. Sincerely, J
ENNIFER HATCHER , Senior Vice President, Food Marketing In-stitute. D
AVID FRENCH , Senior Vice President, National Retail Fed-eration. J
ENNIFER SAFAVIAN , Executive Vice Presi-dent, Retail Industry Leaders Association. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, the Na-tional Restaurant Association strongly supports what we are trying to do, and the list goes on and on. I know there are my colleagues who want to speak on this issue, but this is more than a vote on catfish, I would say to my colleagues. What this is all about is government overriding the taxpayers of America, which is why we are seeing so many of these watchdog organizations supporting what we are trying to do. Some of us, including this Member, have been surprised—been surprised by the American people’s votes recently for both parties, both for Mr. Trump, who has never stood for public office before and has based his campaign, to a large degree, on campaigning against Washington, DC, and those of us who serve here, and of course on the other side is Senator S
ANDERS , a Member of this body, but clearly one who is run-ning his campaign against the status quo. So we have been surprised to see this uprising of the American voter, and I don’t believe there is a Member of this body on either side of the aisle who would have predicted 6 months ago that we would be where we are today. This kind of program is exactly what our hard-working citizenry who work hard and pay their taxes—they don’t get it. They don’t get it, when the GAO 10 times—10 times—said that this pro-gram is wasteful and duplicative, and tens of millions of dollars are being wasted on behalf of one industry, and that is the catfish industry—and it has been done by powerful appropriators, powerful members of the Appropria-tions Committee. There was never a de-bate. There was never a bill before this body. There was never amendments proposed. It was put in a large omnibus appropriations bill and kept there. So sometimes we wonder why the American people have had it, why they are fed up. This is the best example I can come up with recently, $30 million per year being wasted on a duplica-tive—10 times—10 times that the GAO has said it is not only unneeded but un-necessary: a special catfish office, $14 million a year. I don’t know how many low-income taxpayers make $14 million, but I know this; that when I go back to Arizona and tell my constituents that we have a program GAO 10 times has said is to-tally unnecessary and duplicative and the government is spending $14 million of their tax dollars on it, they don’t get it. They don’t get it. Then, after they don’t get it for a while, they say: We have had it. They say: We have had it. We have had it with programs that nobody ever de-bated, nobody ever discussed. There was never a vote. It has been in exist-ence since 2012, but it began in 2002. So this is why Americans are fed up. This is why our hard-working citizenry does not understand why we would ever have such a program that wastes $12 million per year and, I believe, was $30 million to set up. That is chickenfeed to us. It is in the margins. To them, it is something. It means, to them, that we are not taking care of them. It means we are taking care of a powerful interest called the catfish industry, which happens to be in a number of Southern States. There was a large number of Repub-lican votes against this proposal—as I recall, a majority of Republican votes, Republicans who say: We are watch-dogs of the Treasury. We don’t waste money the way the Democrats do. But on the resolution just taken, if it had been only up to Republican Members, we wouldn’t be debating this right now. Isn’t that a little embarrassing? Isn’t that a little embarrassing that a ma-jority of Members on this side would not even vote to at least debate this? All I can say is I have been fighting this issue for about 12 or 13 years. We finally now have a chance to get rid of it. Does it make the debt and the def-icit any less? Is it a huge undertaking that somehow is going to save the tax-payers billions of dollars? I will tell you what. If we keep this program in, with a majority vote of the United States Senate, I tell my colleagues on this side of the aisle: Just don’t go back and say you are a fiscal conserv-ative. Say you take care of the fat cat-fish industry. Maybe some people like that. But don’t go back and call your-self a fiscal conservative. I know others want to speak. They are going to raise problems; that there could be contamination, there could be all these kinds of things, that it is the end of Western civilization as we know it, it is going to be worse than Ebola; that it means we don’t trust the Food and Drug Administration, the people who are supposed to be inspecting all seafood—and if that is true of catfish, don’t we have to worry about all the other seafood that the Food and Drug Administration inspects? Of course not. So we are going to hear that it is the end of Western civilization, that there has been some pollution detected, et cetera. All we have to do is have the Food and Drug Administration do their job and inspect all seafood, just as they do today, including catfish. We don’t have to have a new $30 million bureauc-racy set up at a cost of $14 million per year. I have a lot more to say, but the hour grows late. I just hope we will show the American taxpayer that we are at least willing, in a small way, to eliminate some government duplication and waste. I say that there is a lot of sym-bolic aspects of this vote that far ex-ceed $14 million per year. It is now going to be a vote on how we do busi-ness in the United States Senate. If we don’t succeed in eliminating this pro-gram, I then think we would be embar-rassed. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business and have my time charged for the proponents of the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I agree completely with my fellow Senator from Arizona on this catfish issue. We have a lot of fiscal challenges ahead. If we hope to tackle the immense fiscal challenges ahead, we have to vote right on issues like this. Where there is du-plication and waste going on, we have to tackle it. So I commend those who are sponsoring this initiative. TRIBUTE TO MATTHEW SPECHT  
Mr. President, I rise to recognize Matthew Specht as the longest serving member of my staff. He has dedicated the past 15 years of his life in service to the people of Arizona. In that time, Matt has established himself as both a top-tier political strategist and one of my most trusted advisers. He has done so without fan-fare and without self-promotion. That kind of modesty is refreshing in this line of work. So I obviously had to write this speech about him without telling him about it. I first met Matt back in the year 2000, when he volunteered for my first campaign. Now, at that time, the main area of advertising for us was the 4-by- 8 big signs that we put by the side of the road. Trying to get them to stay by the side of the road was difficult. Ari-zona is dry, the ground is hard, and we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.040 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3088 May 24, 2016 
had to get big post pounders and pound big stakes, big posts in the ground. Matt was out there with the post pounder, lifted a little too high over the post, and it came down on his head, creating a large wound that bled pro-fusely. Another campaign staffer ran over to help him and immediately fainted at the sight of blood. So there we had two campaign workers on the side of the road. It looked like a crime scene, when it was just a campaign ac-tivity, but Matt gratefully recovered— a few stitches and he was back on the job. After helping me win that race, Matt came to Washington as my first legis-lative correspondent and systems ad-ministrator. Now, if you want to test someone under pressure, put them in charge of troubleshooting BlackBerrys in the early time of BlackBerrys. It was a tough thing, but Matt handled it like a pro. To his relief and our great benefit, he was soon promoted to press secretary. It was in communications that Matt really came into his own. In the early days of the fight against congressional earmarks, Matt’s foresight and cre-ativity played a big role in raising awareness in the media. You can thank or blame Matt for many of the gut- wrenching bad puns that were part of my ‘‘Egregious Earmark of the Week’’ series. Of course, I claim all the good puns as mine and all the bad ones were his, but he knows that is not the case. Let me just say, as a press secretary, if you can handle doing a segment on the ‘‘Daily Show,’’ you can handle just about anything, and Matt did it well. He would eventually rise to the top of my staff, serving as chief of staff during my final years in the House and through my election to the Senate. When I took this seat in the Senate, Matt—who never intended to stay in Washington for more than a couple years—returned home to Arizona after 10 years in Washington. Being director of my State office in Arizona is no easy task. There are countless veterans issues, loads of im-migration casework, endless border issues, and a myriad of public lands disputes, but Matt has handled it all in stride. Truly a man of few words, Matt has long been a steady and calming leader on my staff. He is well known on my staff for his amazing quick wit as well. His pranks have become the stuff of legend among my staff. Fortunately, for Matt, none of the pranks are appro-priate to detail in a setting like this. Suffice it to say that birthdays in my office are celebrated with a mixture of fear and trepidation. Matt is truly a staffer’s staffer, it goes without saying, but his calm, steady leadership, his wealth of knowl-edge, his informed, dispassionate ad-vice, and his sense of humor will be dearly missed as he moves to the pri-vate sector. The only consolation with Matt leav-ing is that he will have more time to spend with his beloved cats. He is a proud cat guy, something I will never understand. I am glad I will still be able to call on Matt for his wise coun-sel. Thank you, Matt, for your 15 years of honorable service. You will be missed. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to S.J. Res. 28, and I have to comment on a number of allegations made by my friend from Arizona and by other people who support the resolu-tion. I have in my hand a statement from the Budget Committee that is required for resolutions of this sort. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that this statement be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FROM BUDGET COMMITTEE : CONGRESSIONAL  R
EVIEW ACT ON MANDATORY SILURIFORMES  (C
ATFISH ) INSPECTION  S.J. Res. 28, A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Secretary of Agriculture relating to inspection of fish of the order Siluriformes (Senator McCain). The Republican staff of the Senate Budget Committee concludes that S.J. Res. 28 (Sen-ator John McCain, R–AZ), a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval of a rule submitted by the Department of Agri-culture relating to mandatory Siluriformes (catfish) inspection, is not subject to a budg-etary point of order. S.J. Res. 28 disapproves of the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Agriculture on ‘‘Mandatory Inspection of Fish of the Order Siluriformes and Products Derived From Such Fish’’ that was published in the Fed-eral Register on December 2, 2015. The rule implements Siluriformes inspection under the jurisdiction of the Agriculture Depart-ment’s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS). Enactment of the resolution means such rule shall have no force or effect and may not be reissued in substantially the same form. This memo is for informational purposes only. The Congressional Review Act, which provides for expedited consideration of a res-olution of disapproval in the Senate, waives all points of order against such a resolution, which includes any potential budget points of order (5 U.S.C. 802(d)(1)). 
POINTS OF ORDER  Under the Congressional Review Act, budg-et points of order are waived against resolu-tions of disapproval. Based on staff analysis of the direct spending estimate provided by the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), S.J. Res. 28 would not trigger any budget points of order. A revenue estimate is not available at this time. 
COST CBO has determined that S.J. Res. 28 would not have any impact on direct spend-ing, but has not produced a complete esti-mate of the budgetary effects of this resolu-tion at this time. 
PROCEDURAL STATUS  The Senate is expected to consider S.J. Res. 28 this week, possibly as early as Tues-day, May 24, 2016. 
Mr. WICKER. From the Budget Com-mittee, with regard to S.J. Res. 28, we get down to the place where it says ‘‘COST,’’ and it says that ‘‘CBO has de-termined that S.J. Res. 28 would not have any impact on direct spending. ...  ’ ’  So I would submit to my colleagues that they can say as many times as they want to, they can say until they are blue in the face that this program at USDA is costly and we are saving money, but it doesn’t square with the information we have from the Budget Committee, quoting CBO that says you don’t save any money by passing S.J. Res. 28. There may be other reasons, but certainly it doesn’t save money, according to the Budget Committee in-formation, which I have now entered into the RECORD . Why do we inspect catfish at all? We inspect it for the consumer. We want to make sure that at restaurants, in gro-cery stores, and in our homes, we are not consuming contaminated and adul-terated product. Every bit of domesti-cally raised, American farm-raised cat-fish is inspected by USDA. It is in-spected just as other farm-raised meats are inspected by the USDA. Until this new procedure went into effect in April, FDA inspected im-ported catfish. So you had the strange situation of 100 percent of farm-raised American catfish being inspected by USDA, but our foreign competitors— Vietnam sending in catfish and FDA inspecting only 2 percent of that. Only 2 percent of imported Vietnamese cat-fish was inspected by the U.S. Govern-ment until this new inspection proce-dure went into effect April 15. Since it has gone into effect, 100 percent of im-ported catfish has been inspected, just like 100 percent of American-raised catfish. Isn’t that fair? If we are going to inspect all American-produced cat-fish, isn’t it fair to inspect our com-petitors’? What has USDA found? This is what my colleagues seem to be missing. In the short time USDA has been inspect-ing 100 percent of Vietnamese catfish, they have found contaminated sub-stances that would have been con-sumed by Americans at restaurants and in homes, catfish purchased in su-permarkets. On May 12, USDA found crystal violet. Crystal violet causes bladder cancer. Because USDA in-spected the catfish coming in from Vietnam, American consumers were protected from this cancer-causing sub-stance. I think we ought to be grateful for the new law because it protected us from crystal violet, which causes blad-der cancer. A week later, on May 19, the USDA— once again inspecting, as they have been required to do under the last two farm bills—found malachite green in Vietnamese catfish. Malachite green causes thyroid cancer, it causes liver cancer, and it causes mammary gland cancer. I would say to my colleagues who are so pleased we might go back to the old regime, shouldn’t we be proud of USDA for protecting Americans from cancer- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.055 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3089 May 24, 2016 
causing substances—bladder cancer, thyroid cancer, liver cancer, mammary gland cancer? I take this seriously. I think Americans take this seriously. Since we find that this Vietnamese catfish comes in in contaminated form, aren’t we glad we are inspecting more than 2 percent of it? No one contends that I am wrong on this. FDA only in-spected 2 percent. Now we are inspect-ing the vast majority, if not all of it. Again, my friends can say this is a duplicative program, but it simply is not a duplicative program. FDA for-merly did the inspections. They ceased inspecting at the end of February of this year and USDA took it over. That is not duplicative. According to the last two farm bills, FDA quit; USDA picked it up. Where is the duplication there? We are told that the rule is a viola-tion of trade policy, a WTO violation. In fact, USDA has pointed out that equivalent standards are applied both to imported and domestic fish. There is no different treatment. If we are going to look at all American catfish, we need to look at all Vietnamese catfish. For the life of me, I cannot understand why we would want to do otherwise, particularly when you have crystal vio-let and malachite green coming in. Also, my friends on the other side of this issue say over and over again that this is costly. As a matter of fact, USDA—which will implement the pro-gram, is prepared to implement the program—says it will cost $1.1 million annually to implement this new inspec-tion program. That is a reasonable amount, and it is far different from the figures that other agencies that are not going to actually be doing this are talking about. USDA is going to do it, and they said we can do it for $1.1 mil-lion a year. That is not costly. Once again, I would go back to what the Budget Committee said. There are no savings. There is no difference in di-rect spending if we pass this rule or not. But there is a great deal of protec-tion from not only crystal violet, not only from malachite, but from enrofloxacin and fluoroquinolone. A 2009 draft version of the catfish inspec-tion rule said the rule would yield ‘‘a reduction of roughly 175,000 lifetime cancers.’’ They are talking about sav-ing Americans from contracting can-cer, to the tune of 175,000 Americans, a reduction of 91.8 million exposures to antimicrobials and 23.2 million heavy metal exposures. So we are not talking about something theoretical. We are not talking about something that has to do with trade or good government. We are talking about adulterated, con-taminated catfish coming in and threatening the consuming public. Now that we have an inspection pro-cedure that is working, we are told that somehow it is good government to go back to the old way of only looking at 2 percent of this suspect product coming in. I would hope that, upon re-flection, my colleagues would conclude that the farm bill was right in 2008, that the farm bill was right in 2012, and that the Ag Department was correct to follow the congressional dictates. This is not an example of an agency— as we have seen so many times in the Obama administration, this is not an example of the agency coming up with something they would like to do. They were following a House and Senate di-rective based on legislation passed here, passed down at the other end of the building, and signed by the Presi-dent on two occasions. This is not USDA overreach; this is USDA doing what has been required under law. Let’s prevent cancer-causing sub-stances from coming into the United States, let’s vote no on this rule, and let’s keep this new program, which is already working to protect the con-suming public from very harsh chemi-cals that cause cancer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? If no one yields time, the time will be charged equally to each side. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I rise today in support of what, frankly, is an egregious example of why folks get very frustrated with Washington and what happens here; that is, what has been described as one of Washington’s most wasteful programs—the duplica-tive USDA catfish inspection program, which was slipped in the farm bill in 2008. All other fish species are inspected not by USDA but are inspected in this country by the FDA. Yet, added to the 2008 farm bill was a provision to create a special office within the USDA for the one species of catfish. We know they are bottom dwellers, but this was something that was done to protect do-mestic catfish producers, and it was something that is wasting taxpayer dollars. There have been 10 GAO reports, each finding that this inspection regime— set up especially for catfish but no other species—is duplicative and is a waste of taxpayer dollars. The good-government groups, such as Citizens Against Government Waste, Taxpayers for Common Sense, the Na-tional Taxpayers Union, and many of the other groups that my colleague Senator M
CCAINcited on the floor that are supporting the resolution to dis-approve this duplicative rule, have called this program one of the most de-monstrably wasteful and duplicative programs ever created. Boy, in Wash-ington, that says a lot, to call some-thing one of the most demonstrably wasteful and duplicative programs ever created. These groups have written that the GAO also notes that it not only wastes taxpayer dollars and dupli-cates work already done by the FDA, but it actually weakens rather than strengthens our food safety systems. The agency’s proposed catfish inspec-tion program further fragments Fed-eral oversight over our system for food safety without demonstrating that there is a problem with catfish or a need for a new Federal program. With all respect, I heard my col-league from Mississippi on the floor citing the most recent findings by the newly stood up USDA office for the in-spection of catfish talking about harm-ful contaminants in catfish that the USDA intercepted. There are some facts that are conveniently missing from this argument. First of all, when the FDA was inspecting catfish—like they inspect all other fish in the coun-try—at times, they were also able to intercept contaminants found not only in catfish but in other fish species. So the notion that the FDA couldn’t find these very same contaminants—well, guess what, folks, they did, just as they do every day when they are looking at ensuring that all of our fish species are appropriate for our public health and for us to consume. One of the interesting things about it is that not only would the FDA find this in the catfish coming from over-seas, but they have actually inter-cepted contaminants in the domestic catfish supply at times as well. I think that is important for people to under-stand. This notion that somehow we need to set up a special program within the USDA for just catfish because that is the only way we can find contaminants and protect the public health—appar-ently the FDA is able to do it for every other fish species, was able to do it be-fore 2008, and yet we now have a sepa-rate office for the catfish, and the GAO found that it cost us nearly $20 million extra to set up this special office to in-spect catfish for the one species. In fact, my colleague from Mis-sissippi serves on the Budget Com-mittee, as I do, and he mentioned on the floor the fact that the CBO said that there will not be additional spend-ing on this program. One thing that is important for people to understand— and those of us who serve on the Budg-et Committee understand this—is that the Budget Committee said that there is no additional mandatory spending. That means mandatory spending that has already been set aside in the budg-et. We separate spending in the Federal Government—mandatory versus discre-tionary spending. Guess what? Yes, there isn’t mandatory spending on this, but, conveniently, what has been left out is that there is absolutely discre-tionary spending on this program. In fact, GAO has found that it not only cost $20 million to set up this new inspection regime, but they have esti-mated that it costs $14 million a year in discretionary spending to run this new inspection regime for catfish. I just want to make sure that people understand, for the record, that this budget opinion that is being cited is really meaningless because it is saying there is no mandatory spending. Well, guess what? I could come to the floor on almost any kind of domestic spend-ing, whether it is on an issue of DOD, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.057 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3090 May 24, 2016 
a weapons system, or anything we are talking about here, and tell you that there is no mandatory spending on this, and the Budget Committee would issue the same opinion. What really matters is this: Are we spending any taxpayer dollars? The an-swer at the end of the day is abso-lutely, because the dollars that go to the USDA or the FDA are actually dis-cretionary spending. I hope my colleagues who are listen-ing to this understand that this budget opinion really means nothing. We are still spending taxpayer dollars that matter to you and me, and we could spend these millions of dollars much more effectively elsewhere than on a duplicative program for catfish. In fact, former FDA Safety Chief David Acheson commented that this duplicative program is ‘‘everything that’s wrong about the food-safety sys-tem. . . . It’s food politics. It’s not pub-lic health.’’ For all the claims that have been made on this floor about somehow needing to set up a separate inspection regime for catfish, the USDA itself said: ‘‘The true effective-ness of FSIS inspection for reducing catfish-associated human illnesses is unknown.’’ This is the USDA itself: ‘‘unknown.’’ ‘‘Also, the rate at which FSIS inspection will achieve its ulti-mate reductions is unknown. . . . There is substantial uncertainty re-garding the actual effectiveness of an FSIS’’—meaning the USDA inspection regime—‘‘catfish inspection program.’’ That is not very promising. We al-ready had an inspection regime in place, as we do for every other fish spe-cies under the FDA, and that costs us roughly $700,000 a year, according to the GAO reports, and now, under what we have done with the duplicative in-spection regime with the USDA, it costs roughly $20 million to build a new inspection regime with new infrastruc-ture in a different agency, and then roughly $14 million, according to the GAO. We just asked them again if they could confirm the numbers that are being cited of it only costing $1.5 mil-lion. No, they can’t confirm those num-bers. There were 10 GAO reports defin-ing duplicative and wasteful spending, yet here we are. I was really shocked by the vote on the Senate floor. I was very shocked that my colleagues would have 10 GAO reports in front of them that say this is a duplicative and wasteful program, and we already have every other fish species inspected by the FDA. Yet we are going to set up a separate office for catfish. Almost every good government group that focuses on addressing wasteful spending in Washington has called this duplicative program egre-gious and really cited this as an exam-ple of what is wrong when we are wor-ried about taxpayer dollars and what happens in Washington. I hope, as I look at the votes on the Senate floor, that as we proceed to this measure, my colleagues will look at these GAO reports, listen to these good government organizations that have basically said that this program is really a waste of taxpayer dollars, and that they will support the resolution to disapprove this duplicative inspection program. Before 2008, the FDA was inspecting catfish, and they were doing their job just like they do with every other fish species. They can continue to do that rather than have an entire separate program just to inspect one fish species under the USDA. By the way, the focus of the USDA is actually on meat and poultry. They don’t regulate any other fish. They don’t have fish experts like the FDA, and that is one of the reasons it costs so much more to set up this new program. There is a lot of talk about why peo-ple are frustrated with Washington; right? They are very frustrated. They want to make sure their taxpayer dol-lars are spent wisely. My constituents complain to me about wasteful spend-ing and duplicative programs. Yet here we have such an obvious example. As I look at what we have pending on the Senate floor—if we don’t pass this reso-lution of disapproval for this duplica-tive program after so many groups have said that they have looked at this and concluded that it is wasteful and duplicative—and 10 years of GAO re-ports saying the same thing, that we don’t need a separate inspection regime for catfish, I don’t know how we are ever going to address $19 trillion in debt. I don’t know how we are ever going to take on the big burning issues that the American people want us to address. I know a lot of bad things have been said about Congress. I personally think we might be called bottom dwellers if we don’t pass this legislation. I am hoping that as we look at the duplica-tive program of catfish inspections, we will understand that one fish species does not deserve a separate office just to look at the catfish, that the FDA can handle this inspection as it does for every other fish species, that we could save millions of taxpayer dollars by doing this, and that we can let the American people know that we get it and we want to wisely spend their money wisely, we want to eliminate wasteful spending, we want to get our fiscal house in order, and we want good government. We don’t want protec-tionist government that is just trying to protect one industry, crony cap-italism, and all the bad things. What we want is common sense. I hope my colleagues will join me. I thank Senator M
CCAIN and Senator S
HAHEEN for their efforts in helping us bring this important resolution for dis-approval forward, and I hope we can take a small step forward in this body for good government, eliminating wasteful spending, eliminating duplica-tive programs, and tell the American people: We are not bottom dwellers. We really get it, and we want to make sure we do the right thing by them. I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. PUERTO RICO  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the ongoing crisis affecting the 3.5 million citizens who call Puerto Rico their home and to comment on the legislation that is pending in the House of Representa-tives. We are facing a critical moment in the history of Puerto Rico. The island is sinking under a mountain of debt. I said it before, but it bears repeating. Just servicing the government’s $72 bil-lion debt swallows 36 percent of all of the island’s revenue. That means that for every dollar Puerto Rico takes in, they immediately send over one-third to bondholders. This is not sustainable for any government, especially one that has been mired in a decade-long recession. Congress is faced with an im-mediate and serious choice. Indeed, the decisions we make in the next month will have profound consequences on the people of Puerto Rico for over a gen-eration, and the stakes are high. We simply have to get it right. I said from the beginning that any fix needs to provide a clear path to re-structuring with an oversight board that represents the people of Puerto Rico and their democratic rights. If we truly want to help the economic situa-tion on the island, we also need to pro-vide parity for health care funds and worker tax credits that all 3.5 million American citizens living in Puerto Rico have access to once they move to the American mainland. I must say I have been encouraged by Speaker R
YAN and Chairman B ISHOP ’s acknowledgement that Congress needs to act to prevent this fiscal crisis from becoming a full-blown humanitarian catastrophe, but, unfortunately, the legislation that is being marked up to-morrow falls far short on several fronts. Instead of offering a clear path to restructuring, the legislation cre-ates a number of obstacles that could derail the island’s attempt to achieve sustainable debt payments. Most strik-ingly, it requires a 5-to-2 supermajority vote by the control board to access this necessary restructuring authority—an authority that Puerto Rico had years ago and somehow—in the dark of night, in some legislation several years ago— was eliminated. Nobody seems to un-derstand why. But it had the authority to restructure its debt. Now, restruc-turing its debt isn’t a bailout because no one gives them money. They ulti-mately have to restructure the debt they have. While most reasonable people agree it is absolutely vital for Puerto Rico to be able to restructure its debt, this au-thority can be blocked by a simple mi-nority on the board. That is right. A simple minority on the board could block the pathway to restructure. Without the authority to restructure its debt, this legislation does virtually nothing to help Puerto Rico dig out of the hole they are in. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.059 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3091 May 24, 2016 
Exacerbating this concern is the composition and scope of power en-dowed to the control board. The fact that the people of Puerto Rico will have absolutely no say over who is ap-pointed or what action they decide to take is blatant neocolonialism. It is OK to say to Puerto Ricans: Yes, please, wear the uniform of the United States, as they have done in World War II, Korea, and Vietnam. If you went with me to the Mall, you would see a dis-proportionate number of names of Puerto Ricans who gave their lives on behalf of the United States. Recently, the Speaker awarded the Congressional Gold Medal to the Borinqueneers, the 65th Infantry Division, which was one of the most decorated in U.S. military history. Yes, it is OK. Please put on the uniform of the United States and go fight for your country. Die for Amer-ica. But it is not OK for you to have a voice in your future. It is not OK for you to have self-governance. If that control board—with no Puerto Rican representation—uses its super-powers under the bill as drafted and de-cides to close more schools and hos-pitals than have been closed, cut pen-sions to the bone, sell Puerto Rico’s natural assets without any say by the elected representatives of the 3.5 mil-lion U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico, I am sure some would suggest we look the other way and say Puerto Ricans are worth less than any other U.S. citizen. While there is some fancy language to pretend that the President will get to pick the board members, this is all a figleaf to hide the real levers of power. The board will be composed of four Republican appointees and three Democratic appointees, and in addition to being the gatekeeper to restruc-turing, it will have the power to veto laws and regulations, override budgets, determine the level of debt payments, and make in essence what is the gov-erning body of any State, any munici-pality, or of the people Puerto Rico to-tally obsolete. They will decide— unelected, they will decide. To me, it is simply wrong and un-American to take away the basic democratic rights of the people of Puerto Rico. The bill even puts speculating hedge funds above pensioners, including lan-guage to ensure that in any restruc-turing deal, the people who worked their entire lives—their entire lives—to help the island are put at the back of the line behind Wall Street. I remind my colleagues that each and every Puerto Rican is an American cit-izen, many of whom have fought and died, as I said, for our country in every war over the past century. They de-serve the same rights and respect as citizens in New Jersey or Wisconsin or Utah or any other State in the Nation. If they can do this in Puerto Rico, why not see any other State that sees a cri-sis have it become a reality as well. Finally, the proposed legislation sen-sibly cuts minimum wage rules and new overtime protections that would apply to workers in Puerto Rico. At a time when cities and States across the Nation are moving toward increasing the minimum wage, I cannot fathom why anyone would support decreasing it for Puerto Rico. With the poverty rate of approximately 45 percent, low-ering people’s wages is not a pro- growth strategy, as some have called it. It is a pro-migration strategy. We already see an incredible migration from Puerto Rico to places in the United States—most particularly Flor-ida, New Jersey, New York, and other places in the country. Why? Because as an American citizen they have every right to reside anywhere in the United States. They also have a right to re-ceive any right or privilege that any citizen has in the United States. So there is a brain drain leaving Puerto Rico coming to the mainland, which only exacerbates the problem in Puerto Rico. These unrelated riders are coun-terproductive and will only drive more Puerto Ricans to migrate to the main-land, where they will not have to work for subminimum wages. I am afraid this bill provides little more than a bandaid on a bullet hole with regard to Puerto Rico’s unsustainable debt. Mark my words, if we don’t seize this opportunity to ad-dress the crisis in a meaningful way and in the right way, we will be back here a year from now, but we will be picking up the pieces because there will not be much left. So while it is ab-solutely clear that we need to act and act decisively and expediently to help our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico, just as important, we also need to get it right. Working together and helping each other in a time of need is what this country is all about. When a hurricane hits the gulf coast or a tornado ravages the Midwest, I don’t ask how many of my constituents in New Jersey were af-fected. Rather, I stand with my fellow Americans and fight to provide relief regardless of what State or territory they are from. That is why we call this country the United States of America. Let’s continue to honor that timeless American tradition. Let’s honor our country’s motto of ‘‘e pluribus unum,’’ out of many, one. Let us provide our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico with the tools they need to help themselves. It is not a bailout. We are not going to give them any money. They are going to have to restructure and figure out themselves how they will get out of the mess, without taking away their self- governance. You can’t preach democ-racy and human rights and then deny it to the American citizens of Puerto Rico. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. DAINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LYUSHUN SHEN Mr. REID. Mr. President, in the com-ing weeks, Representative Lyushun Shen from the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office will be leaving his post and returning to Tai-wan. Having worked with Representa-tive Shen during his tenure in Wash-ington DC, I would like to express my gratitude to him for his service. As West Africa battled the ravages of Ebola and the world united to help ad-dress the epidemic in 2014, Representa-tive Shen and the Taiwanese rose to the occasion. On behalf of the Tai-wanese, Representative Shen pledged $1 million to the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention to help the U.S. combat the Ebola virus and stabilize the region. This act of generosity came at a critical time and further dem-onstrated Taiwan’s solidarity with the United States. During his post in Washington, Rep-resentative Shen made important con-tributions to the Global Cooperation and Training Framework, GCTF. Rep-resentative Shen is a valued friend of the United States, and I thank him for his work and wish him well in all his future endeavors. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR FIDUCIARY RULE Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, retire-ment savings are crucial for our eco-nomic security, but too many Ameri-cans have little to no retirement sav-ings because of low wages and the need to provide for their families. Those who have been able to save for retirement are often confused by the unknowns of retirement planning and investing and depend on financial ad-visers to provide advice that is in their best interest. However, loopholes in the retirement advice rules have allowed some advis-ers to recommend products that put profits ahead of their clients’ best in-terest, hurting workers and their fami-lies, and jeopardizing our economic se-curity. The Department of Labor set out to update these decades-old rules to ad-dress conflicts of interest and require that financial advisers put their clients first, which is just plain common sense. Unfortunately, my Republican col-leagues have voted to roll back this im-portant consumer protection and voted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.060 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3092 May 24, 2016 
to block the Department’s fiduciary rule, an effort I did not and would not support. While most advisers operate under a best interest standard, some advisers steered their customers into invest-ments that award big commissions and incentives to the adviser but are not in the best interest of the customer. No one knows this better than the Toffels of Lindenhurst, IL. Merlin Toffel was a Navy veteran and an electrician, and his wife, Elaine, was an accountant. After more than 40 years of work, they had built up an im-pressive nest egg, but when Merlin was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s and could no longer manage their finances, Elaine sought investment advice from an investment broker at their local re-tail bank. The broker told her to liquidate their retirement account and sold them vari-able annuities to the tune of $650,000. Elaine trusted his advice because she thought that it was in her best inter-est. She later found out that those an-nuities charged fees in excess of $26,000 a year, and if she needed to access the money right away for an emergency, she would be charged a surrender charge of more than $45,000. In the end, the Toffels lost more than $50,000 because of the broker’s con-flicted advice. Unfortunately, they are not alone. This is unconscionable and should not be allowed. The fiduciary rule will require advis-ers to disclose their fees and ensure ac-cess to quality financial advice, restore confidence to savers, and protect them from receiving conflicted advice, which has the potential to erode billions from retirement accounts of hard-working Americans. The bottom line is that we need to support policies that safeguard worker retirement savings and help them pre-pare for retirement, and the fiduciary rule does just that. It saddens me that my Republican colleagues have acted to undermine American workers and families by blocking this rule. Thankfully, their efforts here today will not prevail be-cause the President will veto this at-tempt to dismantle this important rule. 
f 
REMEMBERING BOB BENNETT Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, all of us mourn the passing of a distinguished former Member of this body, Senator Bob Bennett of Utah, who died of an illness on May 4. I doubt that there were any in the Senate who did not truly like and ad-mire Bob Bennett. His gentle spirit, his kindness, his civility, and his empathy for others were reflected in his work here for the people of Utah and for the Nation. Marcelle and I are fortunate to have called Bob and Joyce Bennett our friends while we served together. Senator Bennett and I were poles apart on many issues that came before the Senate, but, as with many others in this body, we were able to work to-gether in good faith to find ways for-ward through many issues, knowing how important it was to our constitu-ents, to the country, and to the Senate for us to do that. He followed the tradi-tion of other highly respected Senators when I joined this body: He always kept his word. At the very end of his life, as he lay in a hospital bed in Salt Lake City, we now have heard from his family of yet another sign of his decency and human-ity, as he specially sought out Muslim members of the hospital staff to thank them and to personally apologize to them for what they have heard of the divisive and hateful messages and the pandering to fear that has spilled out from the current Presidential cam-paign. He wanted them to know that he and most Americans welcome them, appreciate them, and recognize the pain that these invectives have caused and continue to cause. Reading and hearing his son’s de-scription of his dad’s outreach in his final days touched me deeply, as I am sure is the case for all of us here and for all Americans of goodwill every-where. All of us can learn from his poignant gestures, and we can resolve to deepen our own commitment to the eternal values—and the American val-ues—that motivated him. What a pow-erful lesson he leaves for us all. I ask unanimous consent that an ar-ticle from the Salt Lake City Deseret News about this remarkable and telling episode from the final days of Senator Bennett’s life be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From The Deseret News, May 19, 2016] F
ORMER UTAHSEN. BOBBENNETT ’SAPOLOGY  
TOMUSLIMS RECEIVING ATTENTION FROM N
EWSOUTLETS WORLDWIDE  (By Scott Stevens) Weeks after former Utah Sen. Bob Ben-nett’s death, several national news media outlets have published stories praising the Utah politician for comments he made re-garding Muslims and their acceptance in America shortly before his death on May 4, 2016. In the weeks following former Utah Sen. Bob Bennett’s death, several national news media outlets published stories praising the Utah politician for comments he made about Muslims and their acceptance in America, shortly before his death. In late April the Deseret News reported about Bennett’s battle with pancreatic can-cer and a stroke. He told the Deseret News ‘‘I want to go to every Muslim and say thank you for being in our country . . .,’’ and, like many other politicians, Bennett expressed his distaste in the tone and tenor of the Re-publican presidential race as he remarked ‘‘I want to apologize on behalf of the Repub-lican Party for Donald Trump.’’ The Daily Beast picked up on the Deseret News’ interview with the Bennetts a few weeks after the former senator’s death and followed up with their own interview with Bennett’s family. ‘‘He would go to people with the hijab (on) and tell them he was glad they were in America, and they were wel-come here,’’ Bennett’s wife Joyce told The Daily Beast. ‘‘He wanted to apologize on be-half of the Republican Party.’’ Quartz followed suit, citing the Deseret News and Daily Beast interviews with the Bennetts, and adding that Bennett’s thoughts on the treatment of Muslims seemed to be frequently on his mind in the weeks and months leading up to his death. NBC News echoed the report that in Ben-nett’s last days he approached Muslims to offer his well-wishes to them—even going as far as to ask his son, Jim, if there were any Muslims in the same hospital as him so he could thank them for their residence in the United States. An active member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Bennett’s faith was also at the forefront of his thoughts as cancer and a stroke left him partially para-lyzed. Bennett ‘‘recognized parallel between the Mormon experience and the Muslim ex-perience,’’ The Week reported, and he ‘‘want-ed to see these people treated with kindness and not ostracized.’’ f RECOGNIZING KING ARTHUR FLOUR Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, on May 19, 2016, hundreds of guests flooded the Senate’s Kennedy Caucus Room for the eleventh annual Taste of Vermont, an event that brings together over 60 busi-nesses that showcase the best Vermont has to offer. From microbreweries to distilleries, farms to creameries, bake shops to chocolatiers, these business represent the best of Vermont’s many unique, homegrown products. All of these businesses deserve acknowledg-ment for their contributions to our great State and for putting Vermont’s business-friendly environment on the map. I want to take a minute to shine the spotlight on one company in par-ticular. On the eve of this year’s Taste of Vermont, the Employee Stock Owner-ship Plan, ESOP, Association named King Arthur Flour the 2016 Company of the Year. Founded in 1790, King Arthur Flour epitomizes Vermont values. A business leader within the community, the company is focused on providing quality products to its loyal cus-tomers. After relocating to Norwich, VT, in 1984, owners Frank and Brinna Sands sold their company to their em-ployees. They became 100 percent em-ployee-owned in 2004 and have helped numerous other Vermont companies transition to ESOP status, including Heritage Aviation, the most recent Vermont-based company to join the ESOP ranks. King Arthur Flour has long been dedicated to bettering itself and its community, a laudable and often un-common commitment from businesses. Currently in the midst of a large ex-pansion of their facilities and program-ming, King Arthur Flour has adapted to meet the needs of their customers and introduced award-winning gluten- free baking mixes in 2010. The life skills bread baking program recently taught its 120,000th student, and classes from the baking education center have reached over 4,600 bakers. In King Arthur Flour, I see a com-mitment to being on the cutting edge of new ideas and developments, while 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.052 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3093 May 24, 2016 
remaining true to what their cus-tomers deserve. Congratulations to King Arthur Flour for this outstanding achievement and to everyone who was involved. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavoidably detained for rollcall vote No. 83 on passage of S. 2613. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–24, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Oman for de-fense articles and services estimated to cost $260 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–24 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Oman. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0 million. Other $260 million. Total $260 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Non-MDE: Follow-on support for Oman’s existing F–16 fleet that includes support equipment, communications equipment, per-sonnel training, spare and repair parts, pub-lications, Electronic Combat International Security Assistance Program (ECISAP), Con-tractor Engineer Technical Services (CETS), Technical Coordination Group (TCG), Inter-national Engine Management Program (IEMP), Precision Measurement Equipment Laboratory (PMEL) calibration and tech-nical orders. The estimated value of this pos-sible sale is $260 million. (iv) Military Department: USAF (QAO). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: MU–D– SDC–$693,191,686–5 June 2002; MU–D–QAJ– $186,003,411–22 September 2009; MU–D–SAB– $1,418,883,494–2 December 2011. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: May 24, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Oman—Continuation of Logistics Support Services and Equipment The Government of Oman requests follow- on support for its existing F–16 fleet that in-cludes support equipment, communications equipment, personnel training, spare and re-pair parts, publications, Electronic Combat International Security Assistance Program (ECISAP), Contractor Engineer Technical Services (CETS), Technical Coordination Group (TCG), International Engine Manage-ment Program (IEMP), Precision Measure-ment Equipment Laboratory (PMEL) cali-bration and technical orders. The estimated value of this possible sale is $260 million. The proposed sale of support services will enable the Royal Air Force of Oman to en-sure the reliability and performance of its F– 16 aircraft. Oman will have no difficulty ab-sorbing this support into its armed forces. This proposed sale contributes to the for-eign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a friendly country which has been, and continues to be, an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Middle East. The proposed sale allows the U.S. military to support the Royal Air Force of Oman, fur-ther strengthen the U.S.–Omani military-to- military relationship, and ensure continued interoperability of forces and opportunities for bilateral training and exercises with Oman’s military forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractors for this sale are: Lockheed Martin Aero, Fort Worth, TX; ITT (EXCELIS-Harris), Fort Wayne, IN; BAE Systems, Austin, TX; Honeywell, Clearwater, FL; Northrop Grumman, Linthicum Heights, MD; Marvin Engineering, Inglewood, CA; Lockheed Martin Missile and Fire Control, Orlando, FL; Goodrich Corp, Westford, MA. There are no known offset agreements pro-posed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale does not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Oman. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. All defense articles and services have been approved for release to the Government of Oman. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–24 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. This case involves the sustainment of sensitive technology previously released to Oman in the sales of their F–16C/D aircraft. The F–16C/D Block 50/52 weapon system is UNCLASSIFIED, except as noted below. The aircraft uses the F–16 airframe and features advanced avionics and systems including the Pratt and Whitney F–100–PW–229 or the Gen-eral Electric F–110–GE–129 engine, AN/APG– 68V(9) radar, digital flight control system, external electronic warfare equipment, Ad-vanced Identification Friend or Foe (AIFF), Link–16 datalink, and software computer programs. 2. Sensitive or classified (up to SECRET) elements of the proposed F–16C/D include hardware, accessories, components, and asso-ciated software: AN/APG–68V(9) Radar, Have Quick I/II Radios, AN/APX–113 A1FF with Mode IV capability, AN/ALE–47 Counter-measures (Chaff and Flare) set, LINK–16 Ad-vanced Data Link Group A provisions only, Embedded Global Positioning System/Iner-tial Navigation System, Joint Helmet- Mounted Cueing System (JHMCS), ALQ– 211(V)4 Advanced Integrated Defensive Elec-tronic Warfare Suite (AIDEWS) without Dig-ital Radio Frequency Memory, AN/ALQ– 211(V)4 Countermeasures Set, Modular Mis-sion Computer, Have Glass I/II without infra-red top coat, and Digital Flight Control Sys-tem. Additional sensitive areas include oper-ating manuals and maintenance technical orders containing performance information, operating and test procedures, and other in-formation related to support operations and repair. The hardware, software, and data identified are classified to protect vulnerabilities, design, and performance pa-rameters and other similar critical informa-tion. 3. Software, hardware, and other data, which is classified or sensitive, is reviewed prior to release to protect system vulnerabilities, design data, and performance parameters. Some end-item hardware, soft-ware, and other data identified above are classified at the CONFIDENTIAL and SE-CRET level. Potential compromise of these systems is controlled through management of the basic software programs of highly sen-sitive systems and software-controlled weap-on system on a case-by-case basis. 4. Oman is both willing and able to protect U.S. classified military information. Oman’s physical and document security standards are equivalent to U.S. standards. 5. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justifica-tion. Moreover, the benefits to be derived from this sale outweigh the potential dam-age that could result if the sensitive tech-nology were revealed to unauthorized per-sons. 6. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of Oman. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–20, concerning the Department of the Army’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to Qatar for defense articles and services estimated to cost $20 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.050 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3094 May 24, 2016 
Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–20 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Qatar. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $15 million. Other $5 million. Total $20 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Fifty (50) Javelin Guided Missiles (Cat-egory I) with Containers. Ten (10) Command Launch Units (CLUs) with Integrated Day/Thermal Sights (Cat-egory III Sensitive) with Containers. Non-MDE: Ten (10) Javelin Missile Simula-tion Rounds, one (1) Enhanced Basic Skills Trainer (EPBST), and twelve (12) Batteries, Non-Rechargeable, six (6) Batteries, Storage, Rechargeable, Battery Discharger, Battery Charger for #9, and ten (10) Battery Coolant Units. Also included in this possible sale are U.S. Government Technical Information and Assistance and Life Cycle Contractor sup-port (LCCS) for twenty-four (24) months or until funds are exhausted. This support pro-vides for personnel, services, materials, fa-cilities, equipment, maintenance, supply support, Integrated Support Plan, product assurance, and configuration management. The estimated cost is $20 million. (iv) Military Department: U.S. Army. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: QA–B–UAR– $113,894,777–11 SEP 14. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: May 24, 2016. * As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Qatar-Javelin Guided Missiles The Government of Qatar has requested a possible sale of fifty (50) Javelin Guided Mis-siles (Category I), and ten (10) Command Launch Units (CLUs) with Integrated Day/ Thermal Sight (Category III Sensitive) with Container. Also included in this possible sale are: ten (10) Javelin Missile Simulation Rounds, one (1) Enhanced Basic Skills Train-er (EPBST), and twelve (12) Battery, Non-Re-chargeable, six (6) Battery, Storage, Re-chargeable, Battery Discharger, Battery Charger for #9, and ten (10) Battery Coolant Units. Also included in this possible sale are U.S. Government Technical Information and Assistance and Life Cycle Contractor sup-port (LCCS) for twenty-four (24) months or until funds are exhausted. This support pro-vides for personnel, services, materials, fa-cilities, equipment, maintenance, supply support, Integrated Support Plan, product assurance, and configuration management. The total estimated value of Major Defense Equipment is $15 million. The overall total estimated value is $20 million. This proposed sale contributes to the for-eign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a regional partner. Qatar is an im-portant force for political stability and eco-nomic progress in the Persian Gulf region. This proposed sale strengthens U.S. efforts to promote regional stability by enhancing the defense to a key U.S. ally. The proposed sale will improve Qatar’s ca-pability to meet current and future threats and provide greater security for its critical oil and natural gas infrastructure. Qatar will use the enhanced capability to strengthen its homeland defense. Qatar will have no dif-ficulty absorbing these missiles into its armed forces. The proposed sale will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractor will be Lockheed Martin, Troy, AL. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require multiple trips by U.S. Government and contractor representatives to travel to Qatar for up to twenty-four (24) months for equipment de-processing, fielding, system checkout, training, and technical logistics support. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–20 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The Javelin Weapon System is a me-dium-range, man-portable, shoulder- launched, fire-and-forget, anti-tank system for infantry, scouts, and combat engineers. It may also be mounted on a variety of plat-forms including vehicles, aircraft and watercraft. The system weighs 49.5 pounds and has a maximum range in excess of 2,500 meters. The system is highly lethal against tanks and other systems with conventional and reactive armors. The system possesses a secondary capability against bunkers. 2. Javelin’s key technical feature is the use of fire-and-forget technology which allows the gunner to fire and immediately relocate or take cover. Additional special features are the top attack and/or direct fire modes, an advanced tandem warhead and imaging in-frared seeker, target lock-on before launch, and soft launch from enclosures or covered fighting positions. The Javelin missile also has a minimum smoke motor thus decreas-ing its detection on the battlefield. 3. The Javelin Weapon System comprises two major tactical components, which are a reusable Command Launch Unit (CLU) and a round contained in a disposable launch tube assembly. The CLU incorporates an inte-grated day-night sight that provides a target engagement capability in adverse weather and countermeasure environments. The CLU may also be used in a stand-alone mode for battlefield surveillance and target detection. The CLU’s thermal sight is a second genera-tion Forward-Looking Infrared (FLIR) sen-sor. To facilitate initial loading and subse-quent updating of software, all on-board mis-sile software is uploaded via the CLU after mating and prior to launch. 4. The missile is autonomously guided to the target using an imaging infrared seeker and adaptive correlation tracking algo-rithms. This allows the gunner to take cover or reload and engage another target after fir-ing a missile. The missile has an advanced tandem warhead and can be used in either the top attack or direct fire modes (for tar-gets undercover). An onboard flight com-puter guides the missile to the selected tar-get. 5. The Javelin Missile System hardware and the documentation are UNCLASSIFIED. The missile software which resides in the CLU is considered SENSITIVE. The sensi-tivity is primarily in the software programs which instruct the system how to operate in the presence of countermeasures. The overall hardware is also considered SENSITIVE in that the infrared wavelengths could be useful in attempted countermeasure development. The benefits to be derived from the sale, as outlined in the Policy Justification of the notification, outweigh the potential damage that could result if sensitive technology was revealed to unauthorized persons. 6. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware or software elements, the informa-tion could be used to develop counter-measures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 7. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of Qatar. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–16, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Kuwait for defense articles and services estimated to cost $420 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–16 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Kuwait (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0 million. Other $420 million. Total $420 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Non-Major Defense Equipment (MDE): This request includes the following Non-MDE: continuation of contractor engineering tech-nical services, contractor maintenance serv-ices, Hush House (an enclosed, noise-sup-pressed aircraft jet engine testing facility) support services, and Liaison Office Support for the Government of Kuwait F/A–18 C/D program. This will include F/A–18 avionics software upgrades, engine component im-provements, ground support equipment, en-gine and aircraft spares and repair parts, publications and technical documentation, Engineering Change Proposals (ECP), U.S. Government and contractor programmatic, financial, and logistics support. Also in-cluded are: maintenance and engineering support, F404 engine and engine test cell sup-port, and Liaison Office support for five (5) Kuwait Liaison Offices. There is no MDE as-sociated with this possible sale. The total overall estimated cost is $420 million. (iv) Military Department: U.S. Navy (GHI, GHJ). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: FMS Cases: GGZ–$134,425,825–16 JUN 14 GGW–$177,181,190– 25 DEC 13. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee. etc., Paid. Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: May 24, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.046 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3095 May 24, 2016 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  The Government of Kuwait–F/A–18 C/D Services and Support The Government of Kuwait has requested a possible sale of the following Non-Major De-fense Equipment (MDE): continuation of contractor engineering technical services, contractor maintenance services, Hugh House support services, and Liaison Office Support for the Government of Kuwait F/A– 18 C/D program. This will include F/A–18 avi-onics software upgrades, engine component improvements, ground support equipment, engine and aircraft spares and repair parts, publications and technical documentation, Engineering Change Proposals (ECP), U.S. Government and contractor programmatic, financial, and logistics support. Also in-cluded are: maintenance and engineering support, F404 engine and engine test cell sup-port, and Liaison Office support for five (5) Kuwait Liaison Offices. There is no MDE as-sociated with this possible sale. The total overall estimated value is $420 million. The proposed sale of support services will enable the Kuwait Air Force to ensure the reliability and performance of its F/A–18 C/D aircraft. Kuwait will have no difficulty ab-sorbing this support into its armed forces. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a friendly country that has been, and continues to be, an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Middle East. Kuwait plays a large role in U.S. efforts to advance stability in the Mid-dle East, providing basing, access, and tran-sit for U.S. forces in the region. The proposed sale of support and services will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractors will be Kay and Associates Incorporated in Buffalo Grove, Il-linois; The Boeing Company in St. Louis, Missouri; Industrial Acoustics Corporation in Winchester, England; General Electric in Lynn, Massachusetts; and Sigmatech in Huntsville, Alabama. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require two-hundred and seventy-five (275) contractor representatives to travel to Ku-wait for a period of three (3) years to provide support. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. f 
EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS ACT Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of my opening statement last week to the HELP Com-mittee regarding oversight of the Every Student Succeeds Act. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
OVERSIGHT OF THEEVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS  A
CT Mr. ALEXANDER. I’m delighted to have the witnesses here. This is an extraordinary group of individuals with broad prospective of children and elementary and secondary education. And we welcome your comments on how to implement the new reauthoriza-tion of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act. This is our third of six hearings to discuss the implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act, which the President signed in December. It’s the second opportunity for this com-mittee to hear from the states, school dis-tricts, teachers, principals, and others that helped us pass this overwhelmingly bipar-tisan law and are today working together to implement it in a way that is consistent with congressional intent. I want to focus my remarks on the admin-istration’s proposed ‘‘Supplement Not Sup-plant’’ regulation. This is the very first opportunity the ad-ministration has to write regulations on our new law. And in my view, they earned an ‘F.’ The reason for that is that the regulation violates the law as implemented since 1970, and seeks to do it in a way that is specifi-cally prohibited in the new law. In writing the new law last year, Congress debated and ultimately chose to leave un-changed a provision in the law referred to as ‘‘comparability.’’ That’s section 1605. This provision says: school districts have to provide at least comparable services with state and local funding to Title I schools and non-Title I schools. But—the law plainly states that school dis-tricts shall not include teacher pay when they measure spending for purposes of com-parability. That’s been the law since 1970. We didn’t change it last year. There’s an entirely separate provision, known as ‘‘Supplement Not Supplant’’ that’s intended to keep local school districts from using federal Title I dollars as a replacement for state and local dollars in low-income schools. What the department’s proposed ‘‘Supple-ment Not Supplant’’ regulation attempts to do is to change ‘‘comparability’’ by writing a new regulation governing ‘‘Supplement Not Supplant.’’ In other words, their proposal would force school districts to include teacher salaries in how they measure state and local spending, and would require that state and local spend-ing in each Title I school be at least equal to the average spent in non-Title I schools. The effect of this would be to violate the law as implemented since 1970, section 1605. So, the administration may get an ‘‘A’’ for cleverness, but an ‘‘F’’ for following the law, in my opinion. The negotiated rulemaking committee couldn’t agree on the proposal. At least one member, Tony Evers, a witness today, said that ‘‘Congressional intent isn’t necessarily being followed here.’’ Last week, the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service said the same thing. CRS issued a report that said quote, ‘‘the Department’s interpretation appears to go beyond what would be required under a plain language reading of the statute.’’ CRS found that the proposed [supplement, not supplant regulations ‘‘appear to directly conflict’’ with statutory language that ‘‘seems to place clear limits on [the Depart-ment’s] authority’’ and ‘‘thus raises signifi-cant doubts about [the Department’s] legal basis for proposed regulations.’’ Today, I am looking forward to hearing from witnesses whether what I have been hearing from principals, teachers, and edu-cation leaders across the country is true. Here’s what I’ve been hearing: 1. That the department’s proposed regula-tion could turn upside down the funding for-mulas of almost all the state and local school systems across the country. Most states and local districts allocate K– 12 finding to schools based on staffing ratios. This often results in different amounts going to different schools in the same dis-trict because teacher salaries vary from school-to-school for reasons having nothing to do with a school’s participation in Title I. Instead, salaries vary because of teacher experience, merit pay, or the subject or grade level they teach. 2. I’ve been hearing that proposed regula-tion could effectively require wholesale transfers of teachers and the breaking of col-lective bargaining agreements. 3. I’ve been hearing that school districts won’t receive enough funds to comply with the proposed regulation. 4. That students could be forced to change schools. 5. That the proposed regulation could in-crease the segregation of low-income and high-income students. 6. That it could require states and local school districts to move back to the burden-some practice of detailing every individual cost on which they spend money to provide a basic education program to all students, which is exactly what we were trying to free states and districts from, when we passed the law. According to the Council of Great City Schools, the proposed regulation would cost $3.9 billion a year, just for their 69 urban school systems to eliminate the differences in spending between schools. What the department has done for the first time is to try to put together two major pro-visions of the law that have always been sep-arate. On comparability, (which is the first one): Members of this committee discussed and debated changing this provision at great length over the past 6 years. We discussed it at great length over the last six years. Senator Bennet of Colorado has lots of ex-perience with this, had one proposal. I had another. We ultimately decided not to make any changes in comparability. Instead, we included more transparency, in the form of public reporting, on the amount districts are spending on each student, in-cluding teacher salaries, so that parents and teachers know how much money is being spent and can make their own decisions about what to do, rather than the federal government mandating it be used in com-parability calculations. Then on the second provision in the law, on ‘‘Supplement Not Supplant’’: We addressed this provision and made changes with an effort to simplify the law, and not make it more complicated. By no stretch of the imagination did we in-tend, does any of the language in the law say, that ‘‘Supplement Not Supplant’’ would be used to modify the ‘‘comparability’’ pro-vision. In fact, we specifically prohibited that. We prohibited expressly: The Secretary from requiring local school districts to identify individual costs or serv-ices as supplemental We Prohibited the Secretary from pre-scribing any specific methodology that local school districts use to distribute state and local funds Most importantly, we prohibited the Sec-retary from requiring a state, local school district, or school to equalize spending. The proposed regulation is nothing less than a brazen effort to deliberately ignore a law that passed the Senate 85 to 12, passed the House 359–64, and was signed by the president. No one has to guess what the law says. As the Congressional Research Service says—we can just read its plain language. And if the administration can’t follow lan-guage on this, it raises grave questions about what we might expect from future regula-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.048 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3096 May 24, 2016 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING JOE PRESTON JOSLIN, JR. ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to remember the life of Joe Pres-ton Joslin, Jr., who passed away on May 14, 2016, after living an extraor-dinary life of service. Joe Joslin was born in Dallas, TX, on September 26, 1947. He served in the 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment as a track mechanic and forward observer in Vietnam. After the war, he lived in Dallas and Austin until 1995, when he and his his wife of 30 years, Sharon, moved to Mountain View, AR. For the last 13 years, they lived in Leslie, AR, where Joe left a lasting mark on the community. This January, after nearly 50 years, Joe was finally given the recognition he deserved. He received the Bronze Star with Valor for putting the lives of his fellow soldiers before his own and dismounting his armored vehicle to help those in need. This, along with the Army Medal of Commendation, accom-pany his many distinguished medals while serving in the U.S. Army. Like many veterans, his selfless acts have gone far past the battlefield. Joe dedicated his life to helping his fellow veterans. He served as a past com-mander of American Legion Post 131 and American Legion District 2. He also served as commander of Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 12127, and in Oc-tober of 2015, he retired after serving as the Searcy County veteran service offi-cer for 3 years. Joe enjoyed sharing his passion for the community with others. He had a soft spot for animals and shared his love of dogs with other members of the Searcy County Humane Society. A true family man and dear friend, Joe leaves behind many loved ones, in-cluding his wife, Sharon; his mother, Helen Loftin; five children; nine grand-children; and five great-grandchildren. I want to offer my prayers and sincere condolences to his loved ones on their loss. Joe was a true American hero. I would like to take this opportunity to recognize him and join with his family and friends in showing gratitude for his life and legacy.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL ROBERT ERICKSON ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President: 
Whereas, Colonel Erickson served in the United States Air Force for twenty-five years and is retiring from his current posi-tion as the Air National Guard Advisor to the Commander, Headquarters Air Education and Training Command, Joint Base San An-tonio—Randolph, Texas; and, Whereas, he is husband to Colonel Megan Erickson and father to Margaret Jean and John William; and, Whereas, he ascended Montana mountain peaks in his youth with his cousin Steve Daines, current United States Senator for Montana; and, Whereas, Colonel Erickson graduated from the United States Air Force Academy in 1991 as a Cadet Wing Commander and with a Bachelor of Science degree in Political Science with a minor in Russian Language; and, Whereas, Colonel Erickson has logged more than 3,100 flight hours since he first earned his wings in April 1993 and has subse-quently served in various flying assign-ments, including instructor pilot and flight commander; and, Whereas, his call sign was Leif, in honor of his Norwegian grandfather Harold Erickson; Whereas, from July 1999 to July 2002 he served as Assistant Director of Operations and Flight Commander, Instructor Pilot and Evaluation Pilot in the 12th and 44th Fighter Squadrons out of Kadena Air Base, Japan; and, Whereas, upon Colonel Erickson’s return from Japan in 2002, he joined the Oregon Air National Guard at Kingsley Field, Klamath Falls, Oregon. During his time there, he served as an Instructor Pilot, Evaluation Pilot, Assistant Weapons Officer, Chief of Academics, Chief of Scheduling, Chief of Standardization and Evaluation, Director of Operations, and Squadron Commander of the 114th Fighter Squadron; and, Whereas, Colonel Erickson summited Mount Rainier with three combat injured veterans in 2009—Ryan Job, former Navy SEAL; Chad Jukes, Army reservist; and Jose Martinez, former Marine; and, Whereas, in March 2011 Colonel Erickson was selected as the Director of Operations (A3) for the Oregon Air National Guard and served in that position for six months. In September 2011, he then served for the next three years as the Air National Guard Advi-sor to the Director of Intelligence, Oper-ations and Nuclear Integration at Air Edu-cation and Training Command in Joint Base San Antonio—Randolph, Texas; and, Whereas, his incredible hard work, leader-ship and dedication to the Air Force has earned him sixteen major awards and decora-tions, some of which are the Air Force Com-mendation Medal with oak leaf cluster, Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with four oak leaf clusters, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal and Air Force Longevity Service with four oak leaf clusters. Now, Therefore, be it Resolved, this twen-ty-sixth day of May, in the year of our Lord two thousand sixteen, and of the Independ-ence of the United States of America the two hundred and fortieth, we honor Colonel Rob-ert Erickson.∑ f RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL ROOFING CONTRACTORS ASSO-CIATION ∑Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I would like to honor the National Roofing Contractors Association, NRCA, headquartered in Rosemont, IL, and support recognizing the week of June 5–11, 2016, as National Roofing Week. NRCA’s 3,800 members, located across all 50 States, play a key role in the in-stallation and maintenance of roofing systems. In rain, snow, or wind, the roof is the first line of defense against natural elements for any home or busi-ness. However, until a roof falls into disrepair, its importance is often over-looked. National Roofing Week is a valuable reminder of the significance that qual-ity roofing has on our communities and honors the thousands of contractors in the roofing industry across the United States. The NRCA’s vast network of roofing contractors and industry-re-lated members handle a majority of new construction and replacement roof systems on commercial and residential structures across the United States. However, the organization’s activities extend beyond its construction duties. National Roofing Week offers an op-portunity to distinguish the thousands of NRCA members and their commit-ment to supporting their local commu-nities. I commend the NRCA for their efforts and ask all my colleagues to join me in acknowledging their con-tributions to our communities during National Roofing Week.∑ f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MICHIGAN MILK PRODUCERS AS-SOCIATION ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Michigan Milk Producers Association on the occasion of its 100th anniversary. Over a century ago, on May 23, 1916, some 400 dairy farmers from across southern Michigan met in East Lansing at the Michigan Agricultural College, spurred into ac-tion by their peers from Livingston County, who had just a month before raised a critical issue: the establish-ment of a fair price for their product. The result of their meeting was Michi-gan Milk Producers Association, MMPA. In the early 1900s, Michigan dairy farmers faced a variety of pressures, in-cluding the increasing costs of land, labor, and feed, which threatened the livelihood of many producers. Without a unified voice, farmers were con-fronted with growing difficulties in ne-gotiating prices for their products which would cover their production costs. For many, the severity of these challenges was leading to the real pos-sibility of the collapse of Michigan’s dairy farm industry. Engaging in a cooperative endeavor, dairy farmers from Michigan sought to speak with one voice in their mission to secure a fair price for their products. As an organization for dairy farmers, open only to dairy farmers, MMPA im-mediately embarked on finding a reso-lution to this existential crisis. Within its first 5 months, MMPA membership swelled from just under 200 to nearly 1,000 milk producers from almost every county in southern Michigan. Within a year, MMPA successfully ensured a cost for milk that would support the livelihood of its members. With this vital goal met, MMPA stretched its ef-forts to include increasing the quality of its members’ products, an effort that was vital to counter prevailing public opinion. By joining together, Michigan dairy farmers were also well positioned to work with the Federal Food and Drug Administration in its efforts to accommodate producers’ price de-mands. As with all Americans, MMPA faced considerable hardship during the Great Depression. An overproduction of milk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.044 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3097 May 24, 2016 
coupled with decreasing urban density, MMPA labored to formulate solutions for their crisis and create new innova-tions in the marketing of milk. Thanks to its efforts, many of MMPA’s mem-bers were able to survive the Great De-pression. From its early challenges, MMPA and its members have persevered. Today MMPA is a respected and recog-nized advocate for dairy farmers, rep-resenting 2,100 members across 1,400 farms from Michigan, Indiana, Ohio, and Wisconsin. It is the eleventh larg-est dairy cooperative in the United States, and its members market 4 bil-lion pounds of milk annually. Again, I am pleased to rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing such an auspicious milestone for the Michigan Milk Producers Associa-tion. On its 100th anniversary, MMPA and its members have much to cele-brate, and I wish them continuing suc-cess and prosperity in the years ahead.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:03 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 184. An act to amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before fos-ter care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The message further announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 2814. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Sevierville, Tennessee, the Dannie A. Carr Veterans Outpatient Clinic. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 2:19 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 433. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 496. An act to establish the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area in the State of California, and for other purposes. H.R. 960. An act designate the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic. H.R. 1762. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic’’. H.R. 2121. An act to amend the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan originators transitioning between employers, and for other purposes. H.R. 2460. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. H.R. 2589. An act to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website the text of any item that is adopted by vote of the Commission not later than 24 hours after receipt of dis-senting statements from all Commissioners wishing to submit such a statement with re-spect to such item. H.R. 3218. An act designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, California, as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3715. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to permit interments, funerals, memorial services, and ceremonies of de-ceased veterans at national cemeteries and State cemeteries receiving grants from the Department of Veterans Affairs during cer-tain weekends. H.R. 3931. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’. H.R. 3953. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 3956. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to develop and implement a plan to hire directors of the medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. H.R. 3969. An act to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clinic’’. H.R. 3989. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the process for de-termining the eligibility of caregivers of vet-erans to certain benefits administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. H.R. 3998. An act to direct the Federal Communications Commission to conduct a study on network resiliency during times of emergency, and for other purposes. H.R. 4139. An act to amend the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a temporary ex-emption for low-revenue issuers from certain auditor attestation requirements. H.R. 4167. An act to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 4425. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’. H.R. 4465. An act to decrease the deficit by consolidating and selling Federal buildings and other civilian real property, and for other purposes. H.R. 4487. An act to reduce costs of Federal real estate, improve building security, and for other purposes. H.R. 4747. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4761. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Of-fice’’. H.R. 4877. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gam-ble, USMC Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4975. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Ne-braska, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4987. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’. H.R. 5229. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a study to evaluate the effectiveness of programs, espe-cially in regards to women veterans and mi-nority veterans, in transitioning to civilian life, and for other purposes. At 5:41 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2576) to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act and for other purposes, with an amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Sen-ate. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 433. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 496. An act to establish the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area in the State of California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 960. An act to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1762. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic’’; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 2121. An act to amend the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan originators transitioning between employers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 2460. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 2589. An act to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website the text of any item that is adopted by vote of the Commission not later than 24 hours after receipt of dis-senting statements from all Commissioners wishing to submit such a statement with re-spect to such item; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 3218. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, California, as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24MY6.043 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3098 May 24, 2016 
‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 3715. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to permit interments, funerals, memorial services, and ceremonies of de-ceased veterans at national cemeteries and State cemeteries receiving grants from the Department of Veterans Affairs during cer-tain weekends; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3931. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 3953. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 3956. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to develop and implement a plan to hire directors of the medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3969. An act to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clinic’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. H.R. 3989. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the process for de-termining the eligibility of caregivers of vet-erans to certain benefits administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3998. An act to direct the Federal Communications Commission to conduct a study on network resiliency during times of emergency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 4139. An act to amend the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a temporary ex-emption for low-revenue issuers from certain auditor attestation requirements; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 4167. An act to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1-1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 4425. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4747. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4761. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Of-fice’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4877. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gam-ble, USMC Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. H.R. 4975. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Ne-braska, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 4987. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 5229. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a study to evaluate the effectiveness of programs, espe-cially in regards to women veterans and mi-nority veterans, in transitioning to civilian life, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5544. A communication from the Acting Director of the Legislative Affairs Division, Natural Resources Conservation Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP)’’ (RIN0578–AA62) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 18, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–5545. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Review Group, Com-modity Credit Corporation, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin Protec-tion Program for Dairy’’ (RIN0560–AI36) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 18, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5546. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Issuances Staff, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Classes of Poultry’’ (RIN0583–AD60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 18, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5547. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulatory Capital Rules: Regulatory Cap-ital, Implementation of Tier 1/Tier 2 Frame-work’’ (RIN3052–AC81) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5548. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral William H. Etter, Air National Guard of the United States, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–5549. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the continuation of a national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 13222 with respect to the lapse of the Export Administration Act of 1979; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5550. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13712 of November 22, 2015, with respect to Burundi; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5551. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Burmese Sanctions Regulations’’ (31 CFR Part 537) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 18, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5552. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedure for Battery Chargers’’ ((RIN1904–AD45) (Docket No. EERE–2014–BT–TP–0044)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–5553. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Federal Implementation Plan for True Minor Sources in Indian Country in the Oil and Natural Gas Production and Natural Gas Processing Segments of the Oil and Nat-ural Gas Sector; Amendments to the Federal Minor New Source Review Program in Indian Country to Address Requirements for True Minor Sources in the Oil and Natural Gas Sector’’ (FRL No. 9946–56–OAR) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5554. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Connecticut; Infrastruc-ture Requirements for Lead, Ozone, Nitrogen Dioxide, Sulfur Dioxide, and Fine Particu-late Matter’’ (FRL No. 9940–14–Region 1) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5555. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality Plan Approval; South Carolina; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9946–82–Re-gion 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5556. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Disapprovals; MS; Prong 4– 2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, SO2, and 2012 PM2.5’’ (FRL No. 9946–77–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–5557. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; North Carolina; Regional Haze’’ (FRL No. 9946–76–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.013 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3099 May 24, 2016 
on May 20, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5558. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; New Hampshire; Ozone Maintenance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9946–69– Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5559. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; Sul-fur Content of Fuel Oil Burned in Stationary Sources’’ (FRL No. 9939–63–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5560. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Oil and Natural Gas Sector: Emission Standards for New, Reconstructed, and Modi-fied Sources’’ (FRL No. 9944–75–OAR) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5561. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Beginning of Con-struction for Sections 45 and 48’’ (Notice 2016–31) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5562. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates—June 2016’’ (Rev. Rul. 2016–13) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5563. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Alloca-tion Rule for Disbursements from Designated Roth Accounts to Multiple Destinations’’ ((RIN1545–BK08) (TD 9769)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 20, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5564. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Obtaining Final Medi-care Secondary Payer Conditional Payment Amounts via Web Portal’’ (RIN0938–AR90) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 19, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5565. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–121); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5566. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Nondiscrimination in Health Programs and Activities’’ (RIN0945–AA02) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 19, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5567. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Requirements for the Sub-mission of Data Needed to Calculate User Fees for Domestic Manufacturers and Im-porters of Cigars and Pipe Tobacco’’ ((RIN0910–AG81) (Docket No. FDA–2012–N– 0920)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5568. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–379, ‘‘DMPED Procurement Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5569. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–380, ‘‘Higher Education Licen-sure Commission Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5570. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–381, ‘‘Business Improvement Districts Sunset Repeal Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5571. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–382, ‘‘Civic Associations Pub-lic Space Permit Fee Waiver Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5572. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–383, ‘‘Tax Sale Resource Cen-ter Clarifying Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5573. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–384, ‘‘Revised Synthetics Abatement and Full Enforcement Drug Con-trol Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5574. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–385, ‘‘Caregiver Advise, Record, and Enable Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5575. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–386, ‘‘Tree Canopy Protection Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5576. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–387, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 342, S.O. 14–21629, Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5577. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–388, ‘‘Made in DC Program Es-tablishment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5578. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–389, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 697, S.O. 15–26230, Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5579. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–390, ‘‘Notary Public Fee En-hancement Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5580. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–391, ‘‘Marijuana Possession Decriminalization Clarification Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5581. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–393, ‘‘Home Purchase Assist-ance Program Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5582. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Title Evidence for Trust Land Acqui-sitions’’ (RIN1076–AF28) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 19, 2016; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–5583. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Department’s activities under the Civil Rights of Institutionalized Persons Act dur-ing fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5584. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the second semi-an-nual report of fiscal year 2015 of the Depart-ment of Justice’s Office of Privacy and Civil Liberties activities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5585. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Grants Man-agement, Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Surety Bond Guarantee Pro-gram; Miscellaneous Amendments’’ (RIN3245–AG70) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 18, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship. EC–5586. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Assistant Secretary for Aviation and International Affairs, re-ceived in the office of the President of the Senate on May 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5587. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Com-prehensive Ecosystem-Based Amendment 1; Amendments to the Fishery Management Plans for Coastal Pelagic Species, Pacific Coast Groundfish, U.S. West Coast Highly Migratory Species, and Pacific Coast Salm-on’’ (RIN0648–BF15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 19, 2016; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.009 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3100 May 24, 2016 
to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5588. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Economic Exclusive Zone Off Alaska; Deep-Water Species Fishery by Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Gulf of Alas-ka’’ (RIN0648–XE604) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 19, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5589. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; Frame-work Adjustment 27’’ (RIN0648–BF59) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 19, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5590. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; North-east Groundfish Fishery; Framework Adjust-ment 55’’ (RIN0648–BF62) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 19, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2812. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to reauthorize and improve the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program, and for other purposes. S. 2831. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to provide priority for applicants for a license to operate as a small business investment company that are lo-cated in a disaster area. By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with amendments: S. 2838. A bill to improve the HUBZone pro-gram. By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with-out amendment: S. 2846. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to expand intellectual property edu-cation and training for small businesses, and for other purposes. S. 2847. A bill to require greater trans-parency for Federal regulatory decisions that impact small businesses. By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with amendments: S. 2850. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, and for other pur-poses. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Col. Scott F. Benedict and ending with Col. Matthew G. Trollinger, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on February 22, 2016. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Linda L. Singh, to be Major General. Navy nomination of Capt. Jon C. Kreitz, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Maryanne Miller, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Ken-neth S. Wilsbach, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Charles Q. Brown, Jr., to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Darryl A. Williams, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Michael D. Lundy, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Jeffrey S. Buchanan, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Col. Cindy R. Jebb, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Col. Sidney N. Martin, to be Brigadier General. Navy nomination of Vice Adm. William F. Moran, to be Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Robert P. Burke, to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Thomas J. Moore, to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Vice Adm. Jan E. Tighe, to be Vice Admiral. Army nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. David G. Bassett and ending with Brig. Gen. Eric J. Wesley, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 18, 2016. (minus 1 nominee: Brig. Gen. Robert P. Walters, Jr.) Navy nomination of Adm. Michelle J. How-ard, to be Admiral. Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of Christopher R. McNulty, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Zachary P. Augustine and ending with Brian A. Young, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 18, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Wil-liam J. Fecke and ending with Janet K. Urbanski, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 18, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Mi-chael Christopher Ahl and ending with Lisa Marie Wotkowicz, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 18, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Timothy James Anderson and ending with Justin L. Wolthuizen, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 18, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Vic-toria D. Ables and ending with Matthew G. Zinn, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 18, 2016. Army nomination of Fany L. Rivera, to be Major. Army nomination of Todd E. Schroeder, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Monica J. Milton, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Michelle M. Agpalza and ending with D012971, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 28, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Jacob I. Abrami and ending with G010400, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 28, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Richard R. Aaron and ending with D012923, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 28, 2016. Army nomination of Carl J. Wojtaszek, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of G010339, to be Lieu-tenant Colonel. Army nomination of Michael A. Izzo, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Joshua R. Pounders, to be Major. Army nomination of Ernest C. Lee, Jr., to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Terrance W. Adams and ending with Cynthia M. Zapotoczny, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 11, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Jennifer L. Adamsbuckhouse and ending with Melvin W. Zimmer, Jr., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 11, 2016. Army nominations beginning with Jeffrey A. Abele and ending with James M. Zieba, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 11, 2016. Army nomination of Kathryn A. Katz, to be Major. Army nomination of Bryan P. Hendren, to be Major. Army nomination of Weston C. Goring, to be Major. Army nomination of Srilalitha Donepudi, to be Major. Army nomination of Daniel P. Fisher, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Darin J. Blatt, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Zoltan L. Krompecher, to be Colonel. Army nomination of John D. Wingeart, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Janelle V. Kutter, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Kevin T. Reeves, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Ankita B. Patel, to be Major. Army nomination of Marshall H. Smith, to be Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of David M. Sousa, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Jeffrey J. Abramaitys and ending with Erich H. Wagner, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Richard T. Anderson and ending with Seth E. Yost, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 28, 2016. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Victor M. Abelson and ending with Matthew P. Zummo, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on February 1, 2016. Navy nomination of Jason A. Grant, to be Commander. Navy nomination of Darren J. Donley, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Marc D. Boran, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Scott P. Smith, to be Captain. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.011 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3101 May 24, 2016 
Navy nominations beginning with Joseph F. Abrutz III and ending with Michael P. Wolchko, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 28, 2016. Navy nomination of David H. McAlister, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Devin D. Burns, to be Lieutenant Commander. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. K ING, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. N
ELSON , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 2977. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish an excise tax on the production and importation of opioid pain relievers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. E NZI, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Mr. P AUL, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S COTT, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. V ITTER , and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. Res. 472. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the economy of the United States; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. L EAHY , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. P ETERS ): S. Res. 473. A resolution expressing appre-ciation of the goals of American Craft Beer Week and commending the small and inde-pendent craft brewers of the United States; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GARDNER: S. Con. Res. 40. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the Fed-eral excise tax on heavy-duty trucks should not be increased; to the Committee on Fi-nance. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 386, a bill to limit the au-thority of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States. S. 857 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of an initial comprehensive care plan for Medicare beneficiaries newly diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1374 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1374, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to establish fair and consistent eligibility requirements for graduate medical schools operating outside the United States and Canada. 
S. 1631 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1631, a bill to amend the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify certain provisions relating to multiemployer pensions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1838 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1838, a bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to clar-ify the treatment of coordinated ex-penditures as contributions to can-didates, and for other purposes. 
S. 2151 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2151, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide liability protections for volunteer practitioners at health centers under section 330 of such Act. 
S. 2210 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2210, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to establish peer special-ists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2238 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2238, a bill to prohibit drilling in the outer Continental Shelf, to prohibit coal leases on Federal land, and for other purposes. S. 2292 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2292, a bill to reform laws relating to small public housing agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of cer-tain lymphedema compression treat-ment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 2457 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2457, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the exclu-sion for employer-provided education assistance to employer payments of student loans. 
S. 2464 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2464, a bill to implement equal protec-tion under the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States for the right to life of each born and preborn human person. 
S. 2531 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2531, a bill to authorize State and local gov-ernments to divest from entities that engage in commerce-related or invest-ment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions activities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2540 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2540, a bill to provide access to coun-sel for unaccompanied children and other vulnerable populations. 
S. 2588 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2588, a bill to provide grants to eligible entities to reduce lead in drinking water. 
S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 2779 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2779, a bill to reauthorize the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.018 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3102 May 24, 2016 
S. 2800 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2800, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide an exclusion from income for student loan forgiveness for students who have died or become disabled. 
S. 2815 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2815, a bill to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commis-sion, and for other purposes. 
S. 2849 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2849, a bill to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information. 
S. 2873 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2873, a bill to require studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, technology-en-abled collaborative learning and capac-ity building models to improve pro-grams of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2877 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2877, a bill to amend title 32, United States Code, to specify the availability of certain funds provided by the Department of Defense to States for drug interdiction and counter-drug activities. 
S. 2904 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2904, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting period for dis-ability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 2932 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2932, a bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act with respect to the provision of emergency medical services. 
S. 2953 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2953, a bill to promote pa-tient-centered care and accountability at the Indian Health Service, and for other purposes. 
S. 2965 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. BROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2965, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 229 West Main Cross Street in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building’’ . 
S. 2971 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2971, a bill to authorize the Na-tional Urban Search and Rescue Re-sponse System. 
S.J. RES. 28 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ), the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), the Senator from Mas-sachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED), the Sen-ator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
AR-
REN), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 28, a joint resolution providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Secretary of Agri-culture relating to inspection of fish of the order Siluriformes. 
S. CON. RES. 36 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Con. Res. 36, a concurrent resolution expressing support of the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust vic-tims live with dignity, comfort, and se-curity in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Ger-many to reaffirm its commitment to that goal through a financial commit-ment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vul-nerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically pre-scribed needs. 
S. CON. RES. 39 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) and the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) were added as cospon-sors of S. Con. Res. 39, a concurrent resolution honoring the members of the United States Air Force who were casualties of the June 25, 1996, terrorist bombing of the United States Sector Khobar Towers military housing com-plex on Dhahran Air Base. 
S. RES. 199 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 199, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding estab-lishing a National Strategic Agenda. S. RES. 459 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 459, a resolution recognizing the importance of cancer research and the vital con-tributions of scientists, clinicians, can-cer survivors, and other patient advo-cates across the United States who are dedicated to finding a cure for cancer, and designating May 2016, as ‘‘National Cancer Research Month’’. 
S. RES. 465 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 465, a resolution supporting the United States solar energy industry in its effort to bring low-cost, clean, 21st- century solar technology into homes and businesses across the United States. 
S. RES. 466 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ), the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. V
ITTER ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 466, a resolution recognizing National Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of chil-dren in the foster-care system, and en-couraging Congress to implement pol-icy to improve the lives of children in the foster-care system. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4067 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4067 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 472—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT A CARBON TAX WOULD BE DETRIMENTAL TO THE ECONOMY OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. E NZI, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. P
AUL, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. V ITTER , and Mr. W
ICKER ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Finance: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.015 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3103 May 24, 2016 
S. R ES. 472 Whereas a carbon tax is a Federal tax on carbon released from fossil fuels; Whereas a carbon tax would increase en-ergy prices, including the price of gasoline, electricity, natural gas, and home heating oil; Whereas a carbon tax would cause families and consumers to pay more for essential items such as food, gasoline, and electricity; Whereas a carbon tax would cause the greatest hardship for the poor, the elderly, and individuals living on fixed incomes; Whereas a carbon tax would lead to more jobs and businesses moving overseas; Whereas a carbon tax would lead to less economic growth; Whereas families in the United States would be harmed the most from a carbon tax; Whereas, according to the Energy Informa-tion Administration, fossil fuels have made up not less than 80 percent of the total en-ergy consumption of the United States since 1990; Whereas a carbon tax would increase the cost of every good that is manufactured in the United States; Whereas a carbon tax would impose dis-proportionate burdens on certain industries, jobs, States, and geographic regions and would further restrict the global competi-tiveness of the United States; Whereas the ingenuity of the United States has led to innovations in energy exploration and development and has increased produc-tion of domestic energy resources on private and State-owned land, which has created sig-nificant job growth and private capital in-vestment; Whereas the energy policy of the United States should encourage continued private sector innovation and development and not increase the existing tax burden on manufac-turers; Whereas the production of the energy re-sources of the United States increases the ability of the United States to maintain a competitive advantage in the global econ-omy; Whereas a carbon tax would reduce the global competitiveness of the United States and would encourage development abroad in countries that do not impose that exorbitant tax burden; and Whereas Congress and the President should focus on pro-growth solutions that encour-age increased development of domestic re-sources: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that a carbon tax— (1) would be detrimental to families and businesses in the United States; and (2) is not in the best interest of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 473—EX-PRESSING APPRECIATION OF THE GOALS OF AMERICAN CRAFT BEER WEEK AND COM-MENDING THE SMALL AND INDE-PENDENT CRAFT BREWERS OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. L EAHY , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 473 Whereas American Craft Beer Week is cele-brated annually in breweries, brew pubs, res-taurants, and beer stores by craft brewers, home brewers, and beer enthusiasts nation-wide; Whereas, in 2016, American Craft Beer Week is celebrated from May 16 to May 22; Whereas craft brewers are a vibrant affir-mation and expression of the entrepreneurial traditions of the United States— (1) operating as community-based small businesses and cooperatives; (2) providing employment for more than 120,000 full- and part-time workers; (3) generating annually more than $3,000,000,000 in wages and benefits; and (4) often leading the redevelopment of eco-nomically distressed areas; Whereas the United States has craft brew-ers in every State and more than 4,400 craft breweries nationwide, each producing fewer than 6,000,000 barrels of beer annually; Whereas, in 2015, 620 new breweries opened in the United States, creating jobs and im-proving economic conditions in communities across the United States; Whereas, in 2015, craft breweries in the United States sustainably produced more than 24,500,000 barrels of beer, which is 2,800,000 more barrels than craft breweries produced in 2014; Whereas the craft brewers of the United States now export more than 446,000 barrels of beer and are establishing new markets abroad, which creates more domestic jobs to meet the growing international demand for craft beer from the United States; Whereas the craft brewers of the United States support United States agriculture by purchasing barley, malt, and hops that are grown, processed, and distributed in the United States; Whereas the craft brewers of the United States produce more than 100 distinct styles of flavorful beers, including many sought- after new and unique styles ranging from amber lagers to American IPAs that— (1) contribute to a favorable balance of trade by reducing the dependence of the United States on imported beers; (2) support exports from the United States; and (3) promote tourism in the United States; Whereas craft beers from the United States consistently win international quality and taste awards; Whereas the craft brewers of the United States strive to educate the people of the United States who are of legal drinking age about the differences in beer flavor, aroma, color, alcohol content, body, and other com-plex variables, the gastronomic qualities of beer, beer history, and historical brewing traditions dating back to colonial times and earlier; Whereas the craft brewers of the United States champion the message of responsible enjoyment to their customers and work within their communities and the industry to prevent alcohol abuse and underage drink-ing; Whereas the craft brewers of the United States are frequently involved in local com-munities through philanthropy, vol-unteerism, and sponsorship opportunities, including parent-teacher associations, Jun-ior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (com-monly known as ‘‘JROTC’’), hospitals for children, chambers of commerce, humane so-cieties, rescue squads, athletic teams, and disease research; Whereas the craft brewers of the United States are fully vested in the future success, health, welfare, and vitality of their commu-nities, as local employers that— (1) provide a diverse array of quality local jobs that will not be outsourced; (2) contribute to the local tax base; and (3) keep money in the United States by re-investing in their businesses; and Whereas increased Federal, State, and local support of craft brewing is important to fostering the continued growth of an in-dustry of the United States that creates jobs, greatly benefits local economies, and brings international accolades to small busi-nesses in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) appreciates the goals of American Craft Beer Week, established by the Brewers Asso-ciation, which represents the small craft brewers of the United States; (2) recognizes the significant contributions of the craft brewers of the United States to the economy and to the communities in which the craft brewers are located; and (3) commends the craft brewers of the United States for providing jobs, supporting United States agriculture, improving the balance of trade, and educating the people of the United States and beer lovers around the world about the history and culture of beer while promoting the legal and responsible consumption of beer. f SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 40—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT THE FEDERAL EXCISE TAX ON HEAVY-DUTY TRUCKS SHOULD NOT BE INCREASED Mr. GARDNER submitted the fol-lowing concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Fi-nance: 
S. C ON. RES. 40 Whereas there is a 12 percent Federal ex-cise tax on new tractor trailer trucks and certain other heavy-duty trucks; Whereas the 12 percent Federal excise tax is the highest percentage rate of any Federal ad valorem excise tax; Whereas the Federal excise tax was first levied by Congress in 1917 to help finance the involvement of the United States in World War I; Whereas, in 2015, the average manufacturer suggested retail price for a heavy-duty truck was more than $178,000; Whereas the 12 percent Federal excise tax adds, on average, an additional $21,360 to the cost of a heavy-duty truck; Whereas the average in-use, heavy-duty truck is 9.3 years old, close to the historical all-time high; Whereas the Federal excise tax, by signifi-cantly increasing the cost of new heavy-duty trucks, keeps older, less environmentally clean, and less fuel efficient heavy-duty trucks in service for longer periods of time; Whereas the model year 2002–2010 tailpipe emissions rules of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘EPA’’) account for $20,000 of the av-erage price of a new heavy-duty truck; Whereas, according to the 2011 EPA and National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration Regulatory Impact Analysis entitled ‘‘Final Rulemaking to Establish Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium- and Heavy-Duty En-gines and Vehicles’’, model year 2014–2018 EPA-Department of Transportation fuel economy rules will add approximately $8,000 to the price of a new heavy-duty truck; Whereas the $28,000 average per truck cost of these regulatory mandates results, on av-erage, in an additional $3,360 in Federal ex-cise taxes; Whereas achieving the goal of deploying cleaner, more fuel efficient heavy-duty trucks, given the $30,000 average per truck regulatory cost, would be slowed even fur-ther if the Federal excise tax were increased; Whereas achieving the goal of deploying heavy-duty trucks with the latest safety 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.020 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3104 May 24, 2016 
technologies, such as lane departure warning systems, electronic stability control, and automatic braking for reduced stopping dis-tance, would be slowed if the Federal excise tax were increased; Whereas all of the heavy-duty trucks sold in the United States are manufactured in North America; and Whereas more than 8,000,000 people in the United States are employed in the United States trucking industry: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That— (1) the Federal excise tax under section 4051 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 on new tractor trailer trucks and certain other heavy-duty trucks inhibits the sale of the cleanest, safest, and most fuel efficient heavy-duty trucks and trailers; (2) the Federal excise tax on new tractor trailer trucks and certain other heavy-duty trucks adds uncertainty and volatility to the Highway Trust Fund due to the cyclical na-ture of heavy-duty truck and trailer sales; (3) the Federal excise tax on new truck tractors, heavy-duty trucks, and certain truck trailers should not be increased; and (4) Congress should carefully review the detrimental impacts of the Federal excise tax when considering future transportation policy. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4082. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4083. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4084. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4085. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4086. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4087. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. R OUNDS ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4088. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4089. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4090. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4091. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4092. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4093. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4094. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. MARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4095. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4096. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4097. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4098. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4099. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4100. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4101. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4102. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4103. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4104. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4105. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4106. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4107. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4108. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4109. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4110. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4111. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mrs. B
OXER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4112. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4113. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4114. Mr. PETERS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4115. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mrs. ERNST ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4116. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4117. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mrs. B
OXER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4118. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4119. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4120. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4121. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4122. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4123. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4124. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4125. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4126. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4127. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4128. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4129. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4130. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4131. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4132. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4133. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4134. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4135. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.024 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3105 May 24, 2016 
SA 4136. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. D AINES , and Ms. H EITKAMP ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4137. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4138. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4139. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4140. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. M ORAN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. S
COTT) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4141. Mr. CORKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4082. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. ENHANCED PENALTIES. 
Section 401(b)(1) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(vi)— (A) by striking ‘‘400 grams’’ and inserting ‘‘20 grams’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘100 grams’’ and inserting ‘‘5 grams’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)(vi)— (A) by striking ‘‘40 grams’’ and inserting ‘‘2 grams’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘10 grams’’ and inserting ‘‘0.5 grams’’. 
SEC. 1098. GAO REPORT ON FENTANYL SUPPLY CHAINS. 
Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on fentanyl supply chains, focusing on Federal efforts to— (1) identify and track precursor chemicals of fentanyl; and (2) assess where and how illicit fentanyl is produced, trafficked, and consumed. 
SA 4083. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. ENHANCED PENALTIES. 
Section 401(b)(1) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(vi)— (A) by striking ‘‘400 grams’’ and inserting ‘‘20 grams’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘100 grams’’ and inserting ‘‘5 grams’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)(vi)— (A) by striking ‘‘40 grams’’ and inserting ‘‘2 grams’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘10 grams’’ and inserting ‘‘0.5 grams’’. SA 4084. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. GAO REPORT ON FENTANYL SUPPLY CHAINS. 
Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on fentanyl supply chains, focusing on Federal efforts to— (1) identify and track precursor chemicals of fentanyl; and (2) assess where and how illicit fentanyl is produced, trafficked, and consumed. 
SA 4085. Mr. LANKFORD (for him-self, Mr. K
IRK, and Mr. I NHOFE ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1031. REDUCTION IN ASSISTANCE FOR FOR-EIGN COUNTRIES LOSING CONTROL OF TRANSFEREES FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA, DURING FISCAL YEAR 2017. 
(a) R EDUCTION IN ASSISTANCE .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this Act, the amount of assistance provided during fiscal year 2017 to a foreign country to which an in-dividual detained at Guantanamo is trans-ferred or released during the period begin-ning on October 1, 2016, and ending on Sep-tember 30, 2017, shall be— (1) the aggregate amount otherwise avail-able for United States assistance for such country during fiscal year 2017; minus (2) $10,000,000 or an amount equal to 10 per-cent of the amount described in paragraph (1), whichever is less, for each individual so transferred or released who, during such pe-riod— (A) escapes from confinement by the coun-try or otherwise ceases to be under the cus-tody or control of the country; or (B) reengages in international terrorism. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guan-tanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— (A) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense; or (ii) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (2) The term ‘‘international terrorism’’— (A) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2331 of title 18, United States Code; and (B) does not include any act of war (as de-fined in that section). SA 4086. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2826. LEASE, JOINT BASE ELMENDORF-RICH-ARDSON, ALASKA. 
(a) L EASES AUTHORIZED .— (1) L
EASE TO MUNICIPALITY OF ANCHORAGE .— The Secretary of the Air Force may lease to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska, cer-tain real property, to include improvements thereon, at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richard-son (‘‘JBER’’), Alaska, as more particularly described in subsection (b) for the purpose of permitting the Municipality to use the leased property for recreational purposes. (2) L
EASE TO MOUNTAIN VIEW LIONS CLUB .— The Secretary of the Air Force may lease to the Mountain View Lions Club certain real property, to include improvements thereon, at JBER, as more particularly described in subsection (b) for the purpose of the installa-tion, operation, maintenance, protection, re-pair and removal of recreational equipment. (b) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .— (1) The real property to be leased under subsection (a)(1) consists of the real property described in Department of the Air Force Lease No. DACA85-1-99-14. (2) The real property to be leased under subsection (a)(2) consists of real property de-scribed in Department of the Air Force Lease No. DACA85-1-97-36. (c) T
ERM AND CONDITIONS OF LEASES .— (1) T
ERM OF LEASES .—The term of the leases authorized under subsection (a) shall not exceed 25 years. (2) O
THER TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Except as otherwise provided in this section— (A) the remaining terms and conditions of the lease under subsection (a)(1) shall consist of the same terms and conditions described in Department of the Air Force Lease No. DACA85-1-99-14; and (B) the remaining terms and conditions of the lease under subsection (a)(2) shall consist of the same terms and conditions described in Department of the Air Force Lease No. DACA85-1-97-36. (d) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the leases under this section as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the inter-ests of the United States. 
SA 4087. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. R
OUNDS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.022 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3106 May 24, 2016 
activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. ESTABLISHMENT OF CENTER OF EX-CELLENCE IN PREVENTION, DIAG-NOSIS, MITIGATION, TREATMENT, AND REHABILITATION OF HEALTH CONDITIONS RELATING TO EXPO-SURE TO BURN PITS AND OTHER EN-VIRONMENTAL EXPOSURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 7330B. Center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and reha-bilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environ-mental exposures ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—(1) The Secretary shall establish within the Department a cen-ter of excellence in the prevention, diag-nosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilita-tion of health conditions relating to expo-sure to burn pits and other environmental exposures to carry out the responsibilities specified in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish the cen-ter of excellence under paragraph (1) through the use of— ‘‘(A) the directives and policies of the De-partment in effect as of the date of the en-actment of this section; ‘‘(B) the recommendations of the Comp-troller General of the United States and In-spector General of the Department in effect as of such date; and ‘‘(C) guidance issued by the Secretary of Defense under section 313 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 1074 note). ‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF SITE.—In selecting the site for the center of excellence established under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider entities that— ‘‘(1) are equipped with the specialized equipment needed to study, diagnose, and treat health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures; ‘‘(2) have a track record of publishing in-formation relating to post-deployment health exposures among veterans who served in the Armed Forces in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Free-dom; ‘‘(3) have developed animal models and in vitro models of dust immunology and lung injury consistent with the injuries of mem-bers of the Armed Forces who served in sup-port of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Oper-ation Enduring Freedom; and ‘‘(4) have expertise in allergy and immu-nology, pulmonary diseases, and industrial and management engineering. ‘‘(c) C
OLLABORATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that the center of excellence collabo-rates, to the maximum extent practicable, with the Secretary of Defense, institutions of higher education, and other appropriate public and private entities (including inter-national entities) to carry out the respon-sibilities specified in subsection (d). ‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The center of ex-cellence shall have the following responsibil-ities: ‘‘(1) To provide for the development, test-ing, and dissemination within the Depart-ment of best practices for the treatment of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(2) To provide guidance for the health sys-tems of the Department and the Department of Defense in determining the personnel re-quired to provide quality health care for members of the Armed Forces and veterans with health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(3) To establish, implement, and oversee a comprehensive program to train health pro-fessionals of the Department and the Depart-ment of Defense in the treatment of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures. ‘‘(4) To facilitate advancements in the study of the short-term and long-term ef-fects of exposure to burn pits and other envi-ronmental exposures. ‘‘(5) To disseminate within medical facili-ties of the Department best practices for training health professionals with respect to health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(6) To conduct basic science and translational research on health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures for the purposes of understanding the etiology of such condi-tions and developing preventive interven-tions and new treatments. ‘‘(7) To provide medical treatment to all veterans identified as part of the open burn pit registry established under section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). ‘‘(e) USE OF BURNPITSREGISTRY DATA.—In carrying out its responsibilities under sub-section (d), the center shall have access to and make use of the data accumulated by the burn pits registry established under sec-tion 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘burn pit’ means an area of land located in Afghanistan or Iraq that— ‘‘(A) is designated by the Secretary of De-fense to be used for disposing solid waste by burning in the outdoor air; and ‘‘(B) does not contain a commercially man-ufactured incinerator or other equipment specifically designed and manufactured for the burning of solid waste. ‘‘(2) The term ‘other environmental expo-sures’ means exposure to environmental haz-ards, including burn pits, dust or sand, haz-ardous materials, and waste at any site in Afghanistan or Iraq that emits smoke con-taining pollutants present in the environ-ment or smoke from fires or explosions. ‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $30,000,000 for each of the first five fiscal years beginning after the date of the enactment of this section.’’. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—In carrying out section 7330B of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may use amounts appro-priated or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs for any other purpose. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 73 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330A the following new item: ‘‘7330B. Center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treat-ment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures.’’. 
SA 4088. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 526. PILOT PROGRAM ON DIRECT EMPLOY-MENT FOR MEMBERS OF THE NA-TIONAL GUARD AND RESERVES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Sec- retary of Defense may conduct a pilot pro-gram to assess the feasibility and advis-ability for providing job placement assist-ance and related employment services di-rectly to members of the National Guard and the Reserves as a means of enhancing the ef-forts of the Department of Defense to assist such members in obtaining employment. (b) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) D
ISCHARGE THROUGH ADJUTANTS GEN -
ERAL .—The pilot program shall be conducted through the adjutants general of the States under section 314 of title 32, United States Code. (2) O
UTREACH .—In conducting the pilot pro-gram, the adjutants general shall take ap-propriate actions to facilitate participation in the pilot program by members of the Na-tional Guard and the Reserves, including through outreach to unit commanders. (c) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT .—As a con- dition on the provision of funds under this section to a State to support the conduct of the pilot program in the State, the State shall contribute an amount, derived from non-Federal sources, equal to at least 30 per-cent of the funds provided by the Secretary to conduct the pilot program in the State. (d) A
SSISTANCE AND SERVICES .—In con- ducting the pilot program, the Secretary shall— (1) identify unemployed and under-employed members of the National Guard and the Reserves; and (2) provide job placement assistance and related employment services to members so identified who participate in the pilot pro-gram on an individualized basis, including assistance and services in connection with resume writing, interview preparation, job placement, post-employment follow-up, and such other employment-related matters as the Secretary considers appropriate for pur-poses of the pilot program. (e) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall de-velop outcome measurements to evaluate the success of the pilot program. (f) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Jan-uary 31, 2022, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report describing the results of the pilot pro-gram. The Secretary shall prepare the report in coordination with the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau. (2) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description and assessment of the ef-fectiveness and achievements of the pilot program, including the number of members of the National Guard and the Reserves as-sisted under the pilot program who obtained employment and the cost-per-placement of such members. (B) An assessment of the impact of the pilot program, and any increase in employ-ment levels among members of the National Guard and the Reserves as a result of the pilot program, on the readiness of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.026 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3107 May 24, 2016 
(C) Such recommendations for improve-ment or extension of the pilot program as the Secretary considers appropriate. (D) Any other matters the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (g) D
URATION OF AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the authority to conduct the pilot program expires September 30, 2020. (2) E
XTENSION .—Upon the expiration of the authority under paragraph (1), the Secretary may extend the pilot program for not more than two additional fiscal years. 
SA 4089. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1266. ENHANCEMENT OF EFFORTS FOR THE RECRUITMENT AND ADVANCEMENT OF WOMEN IN THE SECURITY SEC-TOR AS PART OF DEFENSE INSTITU-TION BUILDING PROGRAMS AND AC-TIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
In carrying out programs and activities for defense institution building of foreign coun-tries under the security cooperation pro-grams and activities of the Department of Defense, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State, in-clude policies to strengthen and facilitate the efforts of countries participating in such defense institution building programs and activities to recruit, retain, professionalize, and advance women in their security sectors. 
SA 4090. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. B
OXER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 578, insert the following: 
SEC. 578A. CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS OF EMPLOYEES OF THE MILITARY CHILD CARE SYSTEM AND PRO-VIDERS OF CHILD CARE SERVICES AND YOUTH PROGRAM SERVICES FOR MILITARY DEPENDENTS. 
(a) E MPLOYEES OF MILITARY CHILD CARE S
YSTEM .—Section 1792 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) C
RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK .—The criminal background check of child care em-ployees under this section that is required pursuant to section 231 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13041) shall be con-ducted pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense in accordance with the provisions of section 658H of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f).’’. (b) P
ROVIDERS OF CHILD CARESERVICES AND  Y
OUTH PROGRAM SERVICES .—Section 1798 of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK .—A pro- vider of child care services or youth program services may not provide such services under this section unless such provider complies with the requirements for criminal back-ground checks under section 658H of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f) for the State in which such services are provided.’’. 
SA 4091. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2804. REVITALIZATION OF JUNGLE OPER-ATIONS TRAINING RANGES. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—For the revitalization of jungle operations training ranges under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary may obligate and expend— (1) from appropriations available to the Secretary for operation and maintenance, amounts necessary to carry out an unspec-ified minor military construction project costing not more than $6,780,000, notwith-standing section 2805(c) of title 10, United States Code; or (2) from appropriations available to the Secretary for military construction not oth-erwise authorized by law, amounts necessary to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project costing not more than $6,780,000. (b) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—When a decision is made to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project to which subsection (a) is applicable, the Sec-retary shall notify in writing the congres-sional defense committees of that decision, of the justification for the project, and of the estimated cost of the project in accordance with section 2805(b) of title 10, United States Code. (c) S
UNSET .—The authority to carry out a project under subsection (a) shall expire at the close of September 30, 2018. 
SA 4092. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 314. AUTHORITY TO USE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDING TO CON-VERT REAL PROPERTY FACILITIES, SYSTEMS, AND COMPONENTS TO NEW FUNCTIONAL PURPOSES WITH-OUT INCREASING EXTERNAL DIMEN-SIONS. 
Section 2811(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘means a project to re-store’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘means a project— ‘‘(1) to restore’’; (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) to convert a real property facility, sys-tem, or component to a new functional pur-pose without increasing its external dimen-sions.’’. SA 4093. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1247. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON UNITED STATES INTERESTS IN THE FREELY ASSOCIATED STATES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than De-cember 1, 2017, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report set-ting forth the results of a study, conducted by the Comptroller General for purposes of the report, on United States security and foreign policy interests in the Freely Associ-ated States of the Republic of Palau, the Re-public of the Marshall Islands, and the Fed-erated States of Micronesia. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required pursu-ant to subsection (a) shall address the fol-lowing: (1) The role of the Compacts of Free Asso-ciation in promoting United States defense and foreign policy interests, and the status of the obligations of the United States and the Freely Associated States under the Com-pacts of Free Association. (2) The economic assistance practices of the People’s Republic of China in the Freely Associated States, and the implications of such practices for United States defense and foreign policy interests in the Freely Associ-ated States and the Pacific region. (3) The economic assistance practices of other countries in the Freely Associated States, as determined by the Comptroller General, and the implications of such prac-tices for United States defense and foreign policy interests in the Freely Associated States and the Pacific region. (4) Any other matters the Comptroller General considers appropriate. 
SA 4094. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 221. MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD FOR UNIVERSITIES, INDEPENDENT RE-SEARCH INSTITUTES, AND NON- PROFIT RESEARCH ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 1902 of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), as amended by section 215(b)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.027 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3108 May 24, 2016 
(A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Except as provided’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘and paragraph (2)’’ after ‘‘section 2338 of title 10’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) For purposes of this section, the micro-purchase threshold for procurement activities administered under sections 6303 through 6305 of title 31, United States Code, by institutions of higher education (as de-fined in section 101(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)), or re-lated or affiliated nonprofit entities, or by nonprofit research organizations or inde-pendent research institutes is— ‘‘(A) $10,000; or ‘‘(B) such higher threshold as determined appropriate by the head of the relevant exec-utive agency and consistent with clean audit findings under chapter 75 of title 31, United States Code, internal institutional risk as-sessment, or State law.’’; and (2) in subsections (d) and (e), by striking ‘‘not greater than $3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a price not greater than the micro-purchase threshold’’. 
SA 4095. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. PROJECT MANAGEMENT. 
(a) D EPUTY DIRECTOR FOR MANAGEMENT .— (1) A
DDITIONAL FUNCTIONS .—Section 503 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Subject to the direc-tion and approval of the Director, the Dep-uty Director for Management or a designee shall— ‘‘(A) adopt governmentwide standards, policies, and guidelines for program and project management for executive agencies; ‘‘(B) oversee implementation of program and project management for the standards, policies, and guidelines established under subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) chair the Program Management Pol-icy Council established under section 1126(b); ‘‘(D) establish standards and policies for executive agencies, consistent with widely accepted standards for program and project management planning and delivery; ‘‘(E) engage with the private sector to identify best practices in program and project management that would improve Federal program and project management; ‘‘(F) conduct portfolio reviews to address programs identified as high risk by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office; ‘‘(G) not less than annually, conduct port-folio reviews of agency programs in coordi-nation with Project Management Improve-ment Officers designated under section 1126(a)(1) to assess the quality and effective-ness of program management; and ‘‘(H) establish a 5-year strategic plan for program and project management. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the Department of Defense to the extent that the provisions of that paragraph are substan-tially similar to or duplicative of the provi-sions of chapter 87 of title 10.’’. (2) D
EADLINE FOR STANDARDS , POLICIES , AND 
GUIDELINES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget shall issue the standards, policies, and guidelines required under section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1). (3) REGULATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the standards, poli-cies, and guidelines are issued under para-graph (2), the Deputy Director for Manage-ment of the Office of Management and Budg-et, in consultation with the Program Man-agement Policy Council established under section 1126(b) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subsection (b)(1), and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall issue any regulations as are necessary to implement the requirements of section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1). (b) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT  O
FFICERS AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT POLICY  C
OUNCIL .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Chapter 11 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 1126. Program Management Improvement Officers and Program Management Policy Council ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT  O
FFICERS .— ‘‘(1) D
ESIGNATION .—The head of each agen-cy described in section 901(b) shall designate a senior executive of the agency as the Pro-gram Management Improvement Officer of the agency. ‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The Program Manage-ment Improvement Officer of an agency des-ignated under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) implement program management policies established by the agency under sec-tion 503(c); and ‘‘(B) develop a strategy for enhancing the role of program managers within the agency that includes the following: ‘‘(i) Enhanced training and educational op-portunities for program managers that shall include— ‘‘(I) training in the relevant competencies encompassed with program and project man-ager within the private sector for program managers; and ‘‘(II) training that emphasizes cost con-tainment for large projects and programs. ‘‘(ii) Mentoring of current and future pro-gram managers by experienced senior execu-tives and program managers within the agency. ‘‘(iii) Improved career paths and career op-portunities for program managers. ‘‘(iv) A plan to encourage the recruitment and retention of highly qualified individuals to serve as program managers. ‘‘(v) Improved means of collecting and dis-seminating best practices and lessons learned to enhance program management across the agency. ‘‘(vi) Common templates and tools to sup-port improved data gathering and analysis for program management and oversight pur-poses. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE .—This subsection shall not apply to the Department of Defense to the extent that the provisions of this subsection are substantially similar to or duplicative of the provisions of chapter 87 of title 10. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT POLICY COUN-
CIL.— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Office of Management and Budget a council to be known as the ‘Program Man-agement Policy Council’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Council’). ‘‘(2) P
URPOSE AND FUNCTIONS .—The Council shall act as the principal interagency forum for improving agency practices related to program and project management. The Coun-cil shall— ‘‘(A) advise and assist the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(B) review programs identified as high risk by the General Accountability Office and make recommendations for actions to be taken by the Deputy Director for Manage-ment of the Office of Management and Budg-et or a designee; ‘‘(C) discuss topics of importance to the workforce, including— ‘‘(i) career development and workforce de-velopment needs; ‘‘(ii) policy to support continuous improve-ment in program and project management; and ‘‘(iii) major challenges across agencies in managing programs; ‘‘(D) advise on the development and appli-cability of standards governmentwide for program management transparency; and ‘‘(E) review the information published on the website of the Office of Management and Budget pursuant to section 1122. ‘‘(3) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) C
OMPOSITION .—The Council shall be composed of the following members: ‘‘(i) Five members from the Office of Man-agement and Budget as follows: ‘‘(I) The Deputy Director for Management. ‘‘(II) The Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government. ‘‘(III) The Administrator of Federal Pro-curement Policy. ‘‘(IV) The Controller of the Office of Fed-eral Financial Management. ‘‘(V) The Director of the Office of Perform-ance and Personnel Management. ‘‘(ii) The Program Management Improve-ment Officer from each agency described in section 901(b). ‘‘(iii) Other individuals as determined ap-propriate by the Chairperson. ‘‘(B) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget shall be the Chairperson of the Council. A Vice Chairperson shall be elected by the members and shall serve a term of not more than 1 year. ‘‘(ii) D
UTIES .—The Chairperson shall pre-side at the meetings of the Council, deter-mine the agenda of the Council, direct the work of the Council, and establish and direct subgroups of the Council as appropriate. ‘‘(4) M
EETINGS .—The Council shall meet not less than twice per fiscal year and may meet at the call of the Chairperson or a ma-jority of the members of the Council. ‘‘(5) S
UPPORT .—The head of each agency with a Project Management Improvement Officer serving on the Council shall provide administrative support to the Council, as ap-propriate, at the request of the Chairperson. ‘‘(6) C
OMMITTEE DURATION .—Section 14(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Council.’’. (2) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with each Pro-gram Management Improvement Officer des-ignated under section 1126(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, shall submit to Congress a report containing the strategy developed under section 1126(a)(2)(B) of such title, as added by paragraph (1). (c) P
ROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT  P
ERSONNEL STANDARDS .— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘agency’’ means each agency described in section 901(b) of title 31, United States Code. (2) R
EGULATIONS REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the stand-ards, policies, and guidelines are issued 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.029 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3109 May 24, 2016 
under section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall issue regulations that— (A) identify key skills and competencies needed for a program and project manager in an agency; (B) establish a new job series, or update and improve an existing job series, for pro-gram and project management within an agency; and (C) establish a new career path for program and project managers within an agency. (d) GAO R
EPORT ON EFFECTIVENESS OF  P
OLICIES ON PROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGE -
MENT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Government Accountability Office shall issue, in conjunc-tion with the High Risk list of the Govern-ment Accountability Office, a report exam-ining the effectiveness of the following on improving Federal program and project man-agement: (1) The standards, policies, and guidelines for program and project management issued under section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1). (2) The 5-year strategic plan established under section 503(c)(1)(H) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1). (3) Program Management Improvement Of-ficers designated under section 1126(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, as added by sub-section (b)(1). (4) The Program Management Policy Coun-cil established under section 1126(b)(1) of title 31, United States Code, as added by sub-section (b)(1). 
SA 4096. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 502, insert the following: 
SEC. 502A. REDUCTION IN NUMBER OF GENERAL AND FLAG OFFICERS. 
(a) P LAN FOR ACHIEVEMENT OF REDUC -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Commencing not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall implement a plan to reduce the number of general and flag officers authorized by sec-tions 525 and 526 of title 10, United States Code, by a number that is not less than 25 percent of the aggregate authorized baseline number of general and flag officers specified in paragraph (2). (2) B
ASELINE .—The aggregate authorized baseline number of general and flag officers specified in this paragraph is the aggregate number of general and flag offices authorized by sections 525 and 526 of title 10, United States Code, as of December 31, 2015, and without regard to either of the following: (A) A reduction in the authorized number of general and flag officer billets by reason of an amendment or repeal made by section 502. (B) A reduction in the number of general and flag officer billets in connection with the consolidation of the medical depart-ments of the Army, Navy, and Air Force into the Defense Health Agency pursuant to sec-tion 721. (3) E
LEMENTS .—The plan under this sub-section shall achieve the following: (A) The total aggregate strength of officers in the grade of general or admiral may not exceed the number equal to the number of of-ficers serving in the positions as follows: (i) Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. (ii) Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. (iii) Commander of each unified or speci-fied combatant command. (iv) Commander, United States Forces Korea. (v) An additional officer serving in a posi-tion designated pursuant to section 526(b) of title 10, United States Code. (vi) Chief of Staff of the Army. (vii) Chief of Naval Operations. (viii) Chief of Staff of the Air Force. (ix) Commandant of the Marine Corps. (x) Chief of the National Guard Bureau. (xi) Three positions in each of the Army, the Navy, and the Air Force designated by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection. (B) The total aggregate strength of officers in the grade of lieutenant general or vice ad-miral may not exceed a number equal to 25 percent of the aggregate number of officers serving in the grade of brigadier general or rear admiral (lower half). (C) The total aggregate strength of officers in the grade of brigadier general or rear ad-miral (lower half) may not exceed the num-ber equal to 50 percent of the aggregate au-thorized baseline number of general and flag officers specified in paragraph (2). (4) TIME FOR COMPLETION .—The plan shall be implemented so as to achieve the require-ments in paragraph (3) by not later than De-cember 31, 2017. (5) O
RDERLY TRANSITION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In order to provide an or-derly transition for personnel in billets to be eliminated pursuant to the plan, each gen-eral or flag officer who has not completed 24 months in a billet to be eliminated pursuant to the plan as of December 31, 2017, may re-main in such billet until the last day of the month that is 24 months after the month in which such officer assumed the duties of such billet. (B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS ON COVERED OFFI -
CERS.—The Secretary shall include in the an-nual report required by section 526(j) of title 10, United States Code, in 2017 a description of the billets in which an officer will remain pursuant to subparagraph (A), including the latest date on which the officer may remain in such billet pursuant to that subparagraph. (C) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON DETACHMENT OF  
COVERED OFFICERS .—The Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a notice on the date on which each officer covered by subparagraph (A) is detached from such officer’s billet pursuant to that subparagraph. (6) R
EPORTS ON PROGRESS IN IMPLEMENTA -
TION.—The Secretary shall include with the budget for the Department of Defense for each of fiscal year 2018 and 2019, as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, a report describing and assessing the progress of the Department in implementing the plan and in achieving the requirements of paragraph (3). (b) R
EDUCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to achieve the re-quirements of the plan required by sub-section (a), effective 30 days after the com-mencement of the implementation of the plan, the Secretary of Defense shall include with each nomination of an officer to a grade above colonel or captain (in the case of the Navy) that is forwarded by the President to the Senate for appointment, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a certifi-cation to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate that the appointment of the of-ficer to the grade concerned will not result in either of the following: (A) An aggregate number of general and flag officers in excess of the reduced aggre-gate number of general and flag officers re-quired by subsection (a)(1). (B) A number of general and flag officers in excess of the limitations on numbers in grade specified in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of subsection (a)(3). (2) IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise applicable guidance of the Department of Defense on general and flag officer authorizations in order to ensure that— (A) the achievement of the reductions re-quired by subsection (a) in incorporated into the planning for the execution of promotions by the military departments and for the joint pool; (B) to the extent practicable, the resulting grades for general and flag officer billets are uniformly applied to billets of similar duties and responsibilities across the military de-partments and the joint pool; and (C) planning achieves a reduction in the headquarters functions and administrative and support activities and staffs of the De-partment of Defense and the military depart-ments as identified pursuant to the review required by subsection (c). (c) C
OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF HEAD-
QUARTERS STAFF AND ADMINISTRATIVE AND  S
UPPORT ACTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a comprehensive review of the headquarters functions and administrative and support activities and staffs of the De-partment of Defense and the military depart-ments in light of the reductions required by subsection (a), including executive assist-ants, aides-de-camp, enlisted aides, and simi-lar support authorized for billets that will be eliminated pursuant to that plan required by that subsection. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by paragraph (1) shall determine the following: (A) The validated direct support staff re-quirements for each general and flag officer billet that will remain after the reduction pursuant to subsection (a). (B) The extent, if any, to which the direct support staff requirements of the general and flag officer billet covered by subparagraph (A) may be consolidated with geographically co-located authorized general and flag officer billets to achieve efficiencies and personnel cost savings. (C) The requirements and justification, if any, for each general and flag officer billet covered by subparagraph (A) to be authorized any of the following: (i) To have an assigned personal protective detail. (ii) To be assigned personnel on a perma-nent and dedicated support basis as follows: (I) An aide to provide access to continuous and secure communications. (II) An executive assistant. (III) An aide-de-camp. (IV) An enlisted aide, (iii) To be a required-use user of military aircraft. (iv) To be provided domicile-to-work trans-portation. (v) To use armored or specialized motor ve-hicle support in the performance of official duties. (vi) To control for the officer’s official use any aircraft, boat, or similar military con-veyance. (vii) To be required to occupy Government quarters. (D) The extent, if any, to which each billet covered by subparagraph (A) qualifies for joint duty credit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.029 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3110 May 24, 2016 
(E) A frequency for the regular review of each billet covered by subparagraph (A) for the matters specified in subparagraphs (A) through (D), including such a review each time an officer detaches from such billet. (F) To the extent that the reductions re-quired by subsection (a) are likely to result in reductions in headquarters functions and administrative and support activities and staffs as described in paragraph (1), mecha-nisms to accomplish reductions in such staffs in a manner that, to the extent prac-ticable, avoids adverse professional and per-sonnel consequences for the personnel of such staffs. (G) The extent, if any, to which reductions in military and civilian end-strength associ-ated with general or flag officer billets could be used to create, build, or fill shortages in force structure for operational units. (3) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall, to the extent practicable and as the Secretary considers appropriate, conduct the review re-quired by paragraph (1) in consultation with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and experts on mat-ters covered by the review who are inde-pendent of the Department of Defense. (4) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report setting forth the results of the review required by paragraph (1). 
SA 4097. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. INCLUSION OF RESERVE SERVICE ON ACTIVE DUTY FOR PREPLANNED MISSIONS AS SERVICE THAT QUALI-FIES AS ACTIVE DUTY FOR POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE. 
Section 3301(1)(B) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, or 12304b’’. 
SA 4098. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1277. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS TO IMPLEMENT THE ARMS TRADE TREATY. 
(a) L IMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to sustain a domestic prosecu-tion based on any charge related to the Arms Trade Treaty, to make assessed payments for the Treaty’s Conference of States Parties or to meet in any other way expenses sus-tained by the Treaty Secretariat, to make voluntary contributions to any international organization or foreign nation for any pur-pose related to attendance at the Conference, or to implement the Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution advising and con-senting to ratification of the Treaty and there is enacted legislation implementing the Treaty. (2) EXCEPTIONS .—The limitation in para-graph (1) shall not apply to a United States delegation attending the Treaty’s Con-ference of State Parties, subsidiary bodies, or extraordinary meetings, or to the pay-ment, to entities other than the Treaty Sec-retariat, of an attendance fee towards the cost of preparing and holding the Conference of State Parties, or subsidiary body meeting as applicable. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preclude the Department of Defense from assisting foreign countries in bringing their laws, reg-ulations, and practices related to export con-trol up to United States standards. 
SA 4099. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XVI, add the following: Subtitle G—Modernization of Intelligence Functions of the Armed Forces 
SEC. 1681. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Military Intelligence Modernization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 1682. MODERNIZATION OF THE MILITARY IN-TELLIGENCE FORCE STRUCTURE OF THE ARMY. 
(a) A SSIGNMENT OF MILITARY INTELLIGENCE  U
NITS TO ARMY COMPONENT COMMANDS .—Not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall assign a theater level military intelligence unit to each of the component commands of the Army, except the Army North Command, Army Special Operations Command, Military Surface Deployment and Distribution Command, and the Army Space and Missile Defense Command/Army Forces Strategic Command. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY INTEL -
LIGENCE REQUIREMENTS ASSIGNED TO RE-
SERVE COMPONENTS .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on enduring mili-tary intelligence requirements which have been assigned to a reserve component of the Army that were previously assigned to the regular Army. (c) F
UNDING FOR THE FOUNDRY INTEL -
LIGENCE TRAINING PROGRAM OF THE ARMY.— (1) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR OPER -
ATIONAL MISSIONS .—No amount appropriated or otherwise made available to or for the Foundry Intelligence Training Program of the Army may be used for any operational mission or assignment of the Armed Forces. (2) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR CER -
TAIN TRAINING .—No amount appropriated or otherwise made available to or for the Foundry Intelligence Training Program of the Army may be used for the following: (A) Non-military intelligence related training activities. (B) Training for members of the Army without a military intelligence military oc-cupational specialty (MOS). (3) T
RANSFER OF ACCOUNT .—The Army Foundry Intelligence Training Program ac-count is hereby transferred to the Army Training and Doctrine Command. SEC. 1683. TERMINATION OF ARMY RESERVE MILITARY INTELLIGENCE READI-NESS COMMAND. 
The Secretary of the Army shall take such actions as may be necessary to wind down and terminate the Army Reserve Military Intelligence Readiness Command before the date that is one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 1684. MATTERS CONCERNING MILITARY IN-TELLIGENCE PERSONNEL OF THE ARMY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF REGIONAL QUALIFICA -
TION IDENTIFIERS OR REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall establish a regional qualification identifier or requirement for military intel-ligence officers and noncommissioned offi-cers which includes consideration of the fol-lowing: (1) Overseas assignments. (2) Language proficiency. (3) Such advanced educational degrees as the Secretary considers relevant. (b) A
LIGNMENT OF MILITARY INTELLIGENCE  O
CCUPATIONAL SPECIALTY ENTRANCE RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall align the Army Human Intelligence Collector military occu-pational specialty (35M) entrance require-ments with the entrance requirements of the Army Counterintelligence Agent military occupational specialty (35L). 
SEC. 1685. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-WIDE RE-QUIREMENTS CONCERNING MILI-TARY INTELLIGENCE. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each military department shall assign an officer with a military occupational specialty relat-ing to military intelligence to serve as the senior intelligence officer and advisor for such department. 
SA 4100. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 549 and insert the following: 
SEC. 549. CAREER MILITARY JUSTICE LITIGA-TION TRACK FOR JUDGE ADVO-CATES. 
(a) C AREER LITIGATION TRACK REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of each military department shall establish a career military justice litigation track for judge advocates in the Armed Forces under the ju-risdiction of the Secretary. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Air Force shall establish the litigation track required by this section in consultation with the Judge Advocate General of the Army and the Judge Advocate General of the Air Force, re-spectively. The Secretary of the Navy shall establish the litigation track in consultation with the Judge Advocate General of the Navy and the Staff Judge Advocate to the Commandant of the Marine Corps. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each career litigation track under this section shall provide for the following: (1) Assignment and advancement of quali-fied judge advocates in and through assign-ments and billets relating to the practice of military justice under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.029 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3111 May 24, 2016 
(2) Establishing for each Armed Force the assignments and billets covered by para-graph (1), which shall include trial counsel, defense counsel, military trial judge, mili-tary appellate judge, academic instructor, all positions within criminal law offices or divisions of such Armed Force, Special Vic-tims Prosecutor, Victims’ Legal Counsel, Special Victims’ Counsel, and such other po-sitions as the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned shall specify. (3) For judge advocates participating in such litigation track, mechanisms as fol-lows: (A) To prohibit a judge advocate from more than a total of four years of duty or assign-ments outside such litigation track (B) To prohibit any adverse assessment of a judge advocate so participating by reason of such participation in the promotion of of-ficers through grade O–6 (or such higher grade as the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned shall specify for pur-poses of such litigation track). (4) Such additional requirements and qualifications for the litigation track as the Secretary of the military department con-cerned considers appropriate, including re-quirements and qualifications that take into account the unique personnel needs and re-quirement of an Armed Force. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—Each Sec-retary of a military department shall imple-ment the career litigation track required by this section for the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary by not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary of a military department shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the progress of such Secretary in implementing the career litiga-tion track required under this section for the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary. 
SA 4101. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 423, strike lines 16 and 17 and in-sert the following: (a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), not later than 90 days after submitting the report required by subsection (d), or one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, whichever occurs first, the Secretary of Defense On page 425, strike lines 10 through 18 and insert the following: (5) The Secretary shall ensure that any covered beneficiary who may be affected by modifications, reductions, or eliminations implemented under this section will be able to receive through the purchased care com-ponent of the TRICARE program any med-ical services that will not be available to such covered beneficiary at a military treat-ment facility as a result of such modifica-tions, reductions, or eliminations. (c) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary is not re-quired to implement measures under sub-section (a) with respect to overseas military health care facilities in a country if the Sec-retary determines that medical services in addition to the medical services described in subsection (b)(2) are necessary to ensure that covered beneficiaries located in that country have access to a similar level of care avail-able to covered beneficiaries located in the United States. (d) REPORT ON MODIFICATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the modifications to medical services, mili-tary treatment facilities, and personnel in the military health system to be imple-mented pursuant to subsection (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (A) A description of the medical services and associated personnel capacities nec-essary for the military medical force readi-ness of the Department of Defense. (B) A comprehensive plan to modify the personnel and infrastructure of the military health system to exclusively provide medical services necessary for the military medical force readiness of the Department of De-fense, including the following: (i) A description of the planned changes or reductions in medical services provided by the military health system. (ii) A description of the planned changes or reductions in staffing of military personnel, civilian personnel, and contractor personnel within the military health system. (iii) A description of the personnel man-agement authorities through which changes or reductions described in clauses (i) and (ii) will be made. (iv) A description of the planned changes to the infrastructure of the military health system. (v) An estimated timeline for completion of the changes or reductions described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iv) and other key mile-stones for implementation of such changes or reductions. (e) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— On page 428, between lines 15 and 16, insert the following: (3) The terms ‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE program’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 4102. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 147. SUPPORT FOR E–8C JSTARS FLEET. 
The Secretary of Defense shall continue to provide support for the existing E–8C JSTARS fleet in the form of supply parts, operational aircrew, maintenance, and com-bat training instructors to ensure overseas combat capability and presence until a rapid acquisition plan is in effect for the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS) recapitalization program. 
SA 4103. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 147. FUNDING OF JOINT SURVEILLANCE TARGET ATTACK RADAR SYSTEM (JSTARS) RECAPITALIZATION PRO-GRAM AS A RAPID ACQUISITION PROGRAM. 
The Secretary of Defense shall fund the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar Sys-tem (JSTARS) recapitalization program in fiscal year 2017 as a rapid acquisition pro-gram in order to achieve Initial Operating Capability (IOC) by not later than 2023 and Full Operating Capability (FOC) by not later than 2027. 
SA 4104. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1008. REPORT ON EFFORTS OF THE UNITED STATES SOUTHERN COMMAND TO DETECT AND MONITOR DRUG TRAF-FICKING. 
The Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth a description and assessment of the effectiveness of the ef-forts of the United States Southern Com-mand to limit threats to the national secu-rity of the United States by detecting and monitoring drug trafficking, including, in particular, trafficking of heroin and fentanyl. 
SA 4105. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. EXTENSION OF REPORTS ON USE OF CERTAIN IRANIAN SEAPORTS BY FOREIGN VESSELS AND USE OF FOR-EIGN AIRPORTS BY SANCTIONED IRANIAN AIR CARRIERS. 
Section 1252(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2017; 22 U.S.C. 8808(a)) is amended in the matter preceding para-graph (1) by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
SA 4106. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.028 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3112 May 24, 2016 
year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. REPORTS ON USE BY THE GOVERN-MENT OF IRAN OF COMMERCIAL AIRCRAFT AND RELATED SERVICES FOR ILLICIT MILITARY OR OTHER ACTIVITIES. 
(a) R EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on the use by the Government of Iran of commercial aircraft and related services for illicit military or other activities during the five-year period ending on the date of such report. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under sub-section (a) shall include, for the period cov-ered by such report, the following: (1) A description of the extent to which the Government of Iran has used commercial air-craft or related services to transport illicit cargo to or from Iran, including military goods, weapons, military personnel, mili-tary-related electronic parts and mechanical equipment, and rocket or missile compo-nents. (2) A description of the extent to which the commercial aviation sector of Iran has pro-vided financial, material, and technological support to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC). (3) An identification of the foreign govern-ments and persons that facilitated the ac-tivities described pursuant to paragraph (1), including by permitting the use of airports, services, or other resources for such activi-ties. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 4107. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REPORT ON COOPERATION BETWEEN IRAN AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to Congress a report on co-operation between Iran and the Russian Fed-eration and how and to what extent such co-operation affects United States national se-curity and strategic interests. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) A description of how and to what extent the Governments of Iran and the Russian Federation cooperate on matters relating to Iran’s space program, including how and to what extent such cooperation strengthens Iran’s ballistic missile program. (2) A description of how and to what extent Iran’s interests and actions and the Russian Federation’s interests and actions overlap with respect to Latin America. (3) A description and analysis of the intel-ligence-sharing center established by Iran, the Russian Federation, and Syria in Bagh-dad, Iraq and whether such center is being used for purposes other than the purposes of the joint mission of such countries in Syria. (4) A description and analysis of— (A) naval cooperation between Iran and the Russian Federation, including joint naval ex-ercises between the two countries; and (B) the implications of— (i) an increased Russian Federation naval presence in the Eastern Mediterranean; and (ii) an Iranian naval presence in the Per-sian Gulf. (5) A description of the increased coopera-tion between Iran and the Russian Federa-tion since the start of the current conflict in Syria. (6) A description of the steps Iran has taken to adopt the Russian Federation model of hybrid warfare against potential targets such as Gulf Cooperation Council states with sizeable Shiite populations. (7) An assessment of the extent of Russian Federation cooperation with Hezbollah in Syria, Lebanon, and Iraq, including coopera-tion with respect to training and equipping and joint operations. (8) A description of the weapons that have been provided by the Russian Federation to Iran that have violated relevant United Na-tions Security Council resolutions imposing an arms embargo on Iran. (c) SUBMISSION PERIOD .—The report re-quired by subsection (a) shall be submitted not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually there-after, for such period of time as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action remains in ef-fect. (d) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (e) J
OINT COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION  D
EFINED .—In this section , the term ‘‘Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action’’ means the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action signed at Vienna on July 14, 2015, by Iran and by France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and the United States. 
SA 4108. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. SEMIANNUAL REPORT ON IRAN AND NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR AND BAL-LISTIC MISSILE COOPERATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Iran developed a close working relation-ship with North Korea on many ballistic missile programs, dating back to an acquisi-tion of Scud missiles from North Korea in the mid-1980s. (2) By the mid-1980s North Korea reverse- engineered Scud B missiles originally re-ceived from Egypt, and developed the 500-kil-ometer range Scud C missile in 1991, and sold both the Scud B and Scud C, as well as mis-sile production technology, to Iran. (3) In 1992, then-Director of the Central In-telligence Robert Gates, in testimony to Congress, identified Iran as a recipient of North Korean Scud missiles. (4) In 1993, then-Director of Central Intel-ligence James Woolsey provided more detail, stating that North Korea had sold Iran ex-tended range Scud C missiles and agreed to sell other forms of missile technology. (5) Annual threat assessments from the in-telligence community during the 1990s showed that North Korea’s ongoing export of ballistic missiles provided a qualitative in-crease in capabilities to countries such as Iran. (6) The same threat assessments noted that Iran was using North Korean ballistic mis-sile goods and services to achieve its goal of self-sufficiency in the production of medium- range ballistic missiles. (7) The intelligence community assessed in the 1990s that Iran’s acquisition of missile systems or key missile-related components could improve Iran’s ability to produce an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). (8) Throughout the 2000s, the intelligence community continued to assess that North Korean cooperation with Iran’s ballistic mis-sile program was ongoing and significant. (9) In 2007 a failed missile test in Syria caused the death of Syrian, Iranian, and North Korean experts. (10) North Korea built the nuclear reactor in Syria that was bombed in 2007. Syria failed to report the construction of the reac-tor to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), which was Syria’s obligation under its safeguards agreement with the agency. (11) Official sources confirm that Iran and North Korea have engaged in various forms of clandestine nuclear cooperation. (12) North Korea and Iran obtained designs and materials related to uranium enrich-ment from a clandestine procurement net-work run by Abdul Qadeer Khan. (13) In the early 2000s, North Korea ex-ported, with the assistance of Abdul Qadeer Khan, uranium hexafluoride (UF6) gas to Libya, which was intended to be used in Libya’s clandestine nuclear weapons pro-gram. (14) On January 6, 2016, North Korea con-ducted its fourth nuclear weapons test. (15) Iranian officials reportedly traveled to North Korea to witness its three previous nu-clear tests in 2006, 2009, and 2013. (16) Before North Korea’s 2013 test, a senior American official was quoted as saying ‘‘it’s very possible that North Koreans are testing for two countries’’. (17) In September 2012, Iran and North Korea signed an agreement for technological and scientific cooperation. (18) In an April 2015 interview with CNN, Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter said that North Korea and Iran ‘‘could be’’ cooperating to develop a nuclear weapon. (19) On February 9, 2016, Director of Na-tional Intelligence Jim Clapper provided written testimony to Congress that stated that Pyongyang’s ‘‘export of ballistic mis-siles and associated materials to several countries, including Iran and Syria, and its assistance to Syria’s construction of a nu-clear reactor . . . illustrate its willingness to proliferate dangerous technologies’’. (20) A 2016 Congressional Research Service report confirmed that ‘‘ballistic missile technology cooperation between the two [Iran and North Korea] is significant and meaningful’’. (21) Admiral Bill Gortney, Commander of United States Northern Command, testified to Congress on April 14, 2016, that ‘‘Iran’s continuing pursuit of long-range missile ca-pabilities and ballistic missile and space 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.030 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3113 May 24, 2016 
launch programs, in defiance of United Na-tions Security Council resolutions, remains a serious concern’’. (22) Iran has engaged in nuclear technology cooperation with North Korea. (23) It has been suspected for over a decade that Iran and North Korea are working to-gether on nuclear weapons development. (24) Since the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–277) repealed requirements for the intelligence community to provide unclassified annual report to Congress on the ‘‘Acquisition of Technology Relating to Weapons of Mass De-struction and Advanced Conventional Muni-tions’’, the number of unclassified reports to Congress on nuclear-weapons issues de-creased considerably. (25) North Korea’s cooperation with Iran on nuclear weapon development is widely sus-pected, but has yet to be detailed by the President to Congress. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the ballistic missile programs of Iran and North Korea represent a serious threat to allies of the United States in the Middle East, Europe, and Asia, members of the Armed Forces deployed in those regions, and ultimately the United States; (2) further cooperation between Iran and North Korea on nuclear weapons or ballistic missile technology is not in the security in-terests of the United States or our allies; (3) the testing and production by Iran of ballistic missiles capable of carrying a nu-clear device is a clear violation of United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 2231 (2015), which was unanimously adopted by the United Nations Security Council and sup-ported by the international community; and (4) Iran is using its space launch program to develop the capabilities necessary to de-ploy an intercontinental ballistic missile that could threaten the United States, and the Director of National Intelligence has as-sessed that Iran would use ballistic missiles as its ‘‘preferred method of delivering nu-clear weapons’’. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President, in coordination with the Secretary of De-fense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other relevant agencies, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on nuclear and ballistic missile coopera-tion between the Government of Iran and the Government of the Democratic People’s Re-public of North Korea, including the identity of Iranian and North Korean persons that have knowingly engaged in or directed the provision of material support or the ex-change of information between the Govern-ment of Iran and the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of North Korea on their respective nuclear programs. (2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 4109. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1004. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON MECHA-NISMS TO ELIMINATE EXCESSIVE AND UNNECESSARY END-OF-FISCAL YEAR SPENDING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth recommendations for mechanisms to reduce or eliminate excessive spending by the Department of Defense in September as a means of ensuring that fu-ture fiscal year appropriations are not re-duced for lack of use of current budgetary re-sources. The recommendations shall include recommendations on the following: (1) Mechanisms to enhance flexibility in spending by the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces, and by tactical units of the Armed Forces, with respect to end-of-fiscal-year ob-ligations. (2) Mechanisms to encourage long-term savings and more efficient spending prac-tices. (3) Such other mechanisms as the Comp-troller General considers appropriate. 
SA 4110. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 341. LIMITATION ON FUNDS FOR DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for oper-ation and maintenance for the Defense Con-tract Management Agency, $10,000,000 may not be obligated or expended until a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the Director of the Defense Contract Management Agency submits to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the Defense Contract Management Agency’s plan to foster the adoption, implementation, and verification of the Department of Defense’s revised Item Unique Identification policy across the Department and the defense in-dustrial base. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Contract Manage-ment Agency shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report that pro-vides a detailed plan on the Agency’s new policies, procedures, staff training, and equipment— (1) to ensure contract compliance with the Item Unique Identification policy for all items that require unique item level traceability at any time in their lifecycle; (2) to support counterfeit material risk re-duction; and (3) to provide for systematic assessment and accuracy of item unique identification marks as set forth by Department of Defense Instruction 8320.04. SA 4111. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mrs. B
OXER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1224. TEMPORARY EMERGENCY AUTHORIZA-TION OF DEFENSE ARTICLES, DE-FENSE SERVICES, AND RELATED TRAINING DIRECTLY TO THE KURDISTAN REGIONAL GOVERN-MENT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant (ISIL) poses an acute threat to the peo-ple and territorial integrity of Iraq, includ-ing the Iraqi Kurdistan Region, and the secu-rity and stability of the Middle East and the world; (2) defeating the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is critical to maintaining a uni-fied Iraq in which all faiths, sects, and ethnicities are afforded equal protection and full integration into the Government and so-ciety of Iraq; and (3) any outstanding issues between the Government of Iraq and the Kurdistan Re-gional Government should be resolved by the two parties expeditiously. (b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to promote a stable and unified Iraq, including by directly providing the Kurdistan Regional Government mili-tary and security forces associated with the Government of Iraq with defense articles, de-fense services, and related training, on an emergency and temporary basis, to more ef-fectively partner with the United States and other international coalition members to de-feat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). (c) A
UTHORIZATION .— (1) M
ILITARY ASSISTANCE .—The President, in consultation with the Government of Iraq, is authorized to provide defense articles, de-fense services, and related training directly to Kurdistan Regional Government military and security forces associated with the Gov-ernment of Iraq for the purpose of supporting international coalition efforts against the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and any successor group or associated forces. (2) D
EFENSE EXPORTS .—The President is au-thorized to issue licenses authorizing United States exporters to export defense articles, defense services, and related training di-rectly to the Kurdistan Regional Govern-ment military and security forces described in paragraph (1). For purposes of processing applications for such export licenses, the President is authorized to accept End Use Certificates approved by the Kurdistan Re-gional Government. (3) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE .—Assistance au-thorized under paragraph (1) and exports au-thorized under paragraph (2) may include anti-tank and anti-armor weapons, armored vehicles, long-range artillery, crew-served weapons and ammunition, secure command and communications equipment, body armor, helmets, logistics equipment, excess defense articles and other military assist-ance that the President determines to be ap-propriate. (d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING AUTHORI -
TIES.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.030 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3114 May 24, 2016 
(1) R ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING AUTHORI -
TIES.—Assistance authorized under sub-section (c)(1) and licenses for exports author-ized under subsection (c)(2) shall be provided pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) and the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.), notwithstanding any requirement in such applicable provisions of law that a recipient of assistance of the type authorized under subsection (c)(1) shall be a country or international organization. In ad-dition, any requirement in such provisions of law applicable to such countries or inter-national organizations concerning the provi-sion of end use retransfers and other assur-ance required for transfers of such assistance should be secured from the Kurdistan Re-gional Government. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION AS PRECEDENT .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as estab-lishing a precedent for the future provision of assistance described in subsection (c) to organizations other than a country or inter-national organization. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that includes the following: (A) A timeline for the provision of defense articles, defense services, and related train-ing under the authority of subsections (c)(1) and (c)(2). (B) A description of mechanisms and proce-dures for end-use monitoring of such defense articles, defense services, and related train-ing. (C) How such defense articles, defense serv-ices, and related training would contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States, as well as impact security in the region. (2) U
PDATES .—Not later than 180 days after the submittal of the report required by para-graph (1), and every 180 days thereafter through the termination pursuant to sub-section (h) of the authority in subsection (c), the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report up-dating the previous report submitted under this subsection. In addition to any matters so updated, each report shall include a de-scription of any delays, and the cir-cumstances surrounding such delays, in the delivery of defense articles, defense services, and related training to the Kurdistan Re-gional Government pursuant to the author-ity in subsections (c)(1) and (c)(2). (3) F
ORM.—Any report under this sub-section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (f) N
OTIFICATION .—The President should provide notification to the Government of Iraq, when practicable, not later than 15 days before providing defense articles, de-fense services, or related training to the Kurdistan Regional Government under the authority of subsection (c)(1) or (c)(2). (g) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—In this sec-tion, the terms ‘‘defense article’’, ‘‘defense service’’, and ‘‘training’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 47 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794). (h) TERMINATION .—The authority to pro-vide defense articles, defense services, and related training under subsection (c)(1) and the authority to issue licenses for exports authorized under subsection (c)(2) shall ter-minate on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 4112. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 554. MEDICAL EXAMINATION BEFORE AD-MINISTRATIVE SEPARATION FOR MEMBERS WITH POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER OR TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY IN CONNECTION WITH SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
Section 1177(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, or sexually assaulted,’’ after ‘‘deployed overseas in support of a con-tingency operation’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘or based on such sexual assault,’’ after ‘‘while deployed,’’. 
SA 4113. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. ELIMINATION OF REQUIREMENT THAT CERTAIN SERVICE IN THE ARMED FORCES BE CONSECUTIVE FOR PUR-POSES OF ELIGIBILITY FOR VET-ERANS HIRING PREFERENCES. 
Section 2108(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘180 consecu-tive days’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘180 cumulative days’’. 
SA 4114. Mr. PETERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. ELIGIBILITY FOR AIRPORT DEVELOP-MENT GRANTS OF AIRPORTS THAT ENTER INTO CERTAIN LEASES WITH COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 47107 of title 49, United States Code, amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(t) A
IRPORTS THAT ENTER INTO CERTAIN  L
EASES WITH THE ARMED FORCES .—The Sec- retary of Transportation may not disapprove a project grant application under this sub-chapter for an airport development project at an airport solely because the airport re-news a lease for the use, at a nominal rate, of airport property by a regular or reserve component of the Armed Forces, including the National Guard, without regard to whether that component operates aircraft at the airport.’’. SA 4115. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self and Mrs. E
RNST ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 549, add the fol-lowing: (e) C
OAST GUARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall carry out a pilot program under subsection (a) with respect to commis-sioned officers of the Coast Guard designated for special duty (law). (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in this sec-tion to the Secretary of a miliary depart-ment shall be deemed to refer also to the Secretary of Homeland Security with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, and any reference to judge advocates shall be deemed to refer also to commissioned officers of the Coast Guard designated for special duty (law). (3) R
EPORT .—The report under subsection (d) shall also include the information re-quired under that subsection with respect to the pilot program carried out under this sub-section. The Secretary of Defense shall co-ordinate with the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity for purposes of the inclusion in the re-port under subsection (d) of information with respect to the pilot program carried out under this subsection. 
SA 4116. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V, add the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON DEMOGRAPHICS AND OUT-COMES OF THE JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the demographics and outcomes of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs under chapter 102 of title 10, United States Code. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include information on the cadets enrolled in Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs during the five- year period ending on the date of the report, as follows: (1) Race. (2) Gender. (3) Ethnicity (4) Post-Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps military service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.033 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3115 May 24, 2016 
(5) Appointment to military service acad-emies. (6) Receipt of scholarships to Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps programs. (7) Acceptance to two-year and four year institutions of higher education. 
SA 4117. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mrs. B
OXER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1224. TEMPORARY EMERGENCY AUTHORIZA-TION OF PROVISION OF NON-LE-THAL DEFENSE ARTICLES, DEFENSE SERVICES, AND RELATED TRAINING DIRECTLY TO THE KURDISTAN RE-GIONAL GOVERNMENT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant (ISIL) poses an acute threat to the peo-ple and territorial integrity of Iraq, includ-ing the Iraqi Kurdistan Region, and the secu-rity and stability of the Middle East and the world; (2) defeating the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is critical to maintaining a uni-fied Iraq in which all faiths, sects, and ethnicities are afforded equal protection and full integration into the Government and so-ciety of Iraq; and (3) any outstanding issues between the Government of Iraq and the Kurdistan Re-gional Government should be resolved by the two parties expeditiously. (b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to promote a stable and unified Iraq, including by directly providing the Kurdistan Regional Government mili-tary and security forces associated with the Government of Iraq with non-lethal defense articles, defense services, and related train-ing, on an emergency and temporary basis, to more effectively partner with the United States and other international coalition members to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). (c) A
UTHORIZATION .— (1) A
SSISTANCE .—The President, in con-sultation with the Government of Iraq, is au-thorized to provide non-lethal defense arti-cles, non-lethal defense services, and related training directly to Kurdistan Regional Gov-ernment military and security forces associ-ated with the Government of Iraq for the purpose of supporting international coalition efforts against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and any successor group or associated forces. (2) D
EFENSE EXPORTS .—The President is au-thorized to issue licenses authorizing United States exporters to export non-lethal defense articles, non-lethal defense services, and re-lated training directly to the Kurdistan Re-gional Government military and security forces described in paragraph (1). For pur-poses of processing applications for such ex-port licenses, the President is authorized to accept End Use Certificates approved by the Kurdistan Regional Government. (3) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE .—Assistance au-thorized under paragraph (1) and exports au-thorized under paragraph (2) may include medical supplies and equipment, medical logistical support (including aerial medical evacuation support), secure command and communications equipment, force protection equipment, body armor, helmets, logistics equipment, other non-lethal excess defense articles and non-lethal defense service, and other military assistance that the President considers appropriate for purposes of this section. (d) CONSTRUCTION AS PRECEDENT .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as estab-lishing a precedent for the future provision of assistance described in subsection (c) to organizations other than a country or inter-national organization. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report that includes the following: (A) A timeline for the provision of non-le-thal defense articles, non-lethal defense serv-ices, and related training under the author-ity of subsections (c)(1) and (c)(2). (B) A description of mechanisms and proce-dures for end-use monitoring of such non-le-thal defense articles, non-lethal defense serv-ices, and related training. (C) How such non-lethal defense articles, non-lethal defense services, and related training would contribute to the foreign pol-icy and national security of the United States, as well as impact security in the re-gion. (2) U
PDATES .—Not later than 180 days after the submittal of the report required by para-graph (1), and every 180 days thereafter through the termination pursuant to sub-section (i) of the authority in subsection (d), the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report up-dating the previous report submitted under this subsection. In addition to any matters so updated, each report shall include a de-scription of any delays, and the cir-cumstances surrounding such delays, in the delivery of non-lethal defense articles, non- lethal defense services, and related training to the Kurdistan Regional Government pur-suant to the authority in subsections (c)(1) and (c)(2). (3) F
ORM.—Any report under this sub-section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (f) N
OTIFICATION .—The President should provide notification to the Government of Iraq, when practicable, not later than 15 days before providing non-lethal defense ar-ticles, non-lethal defense services, or related training to the Kurdistan Regional Govern-ment under the authority of subsection (c)(1) or (c)(2). (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘training’’ has the meaning given that terms in section 47 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794). (h) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to pro-vide non-lethal defense articles, non-lethal defense services, and related training under subsection (c)(1) and the authority to issue licenses for exports authorized under sub-section (c)(2) shall terminate on the date that is three years after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SA 4118. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: After section 1028, insert the following: 
SEC. 1028A. DECLASSIFICATION OF INFORMA-TION ON PAST TERRORIST ACTIVI-TIES OF DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STA-TION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall, consistent with the protection of intel-ligence sources and methods— (1) complete a declassification review of in-telligence reports prepared by the National Counterterrorism Center prior to Periodic Review Board sessions or detainee transfers on the past terrorist activities of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, who were trans-ferred or released from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay; (2) make available to the public any infor-mation declassified as a result of the declas-sification review; and (3) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth— (A) the results of the declassification re-view; and (B) if any information covered by the de-classification review was not declassified pursuant to the review, a justification for the determination not to declassify such in-formation. (b) P
ASTTERRORIST ACTIVITIES .—For pur- poses of this section, the past terrorist ac-tivities of an individual, if any, shall include the terrorist activities conducted by the in-dividual before the transfer of the individual to the detention facility at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, including the following: (1) The terrorist organization, if any, with which affiliated. (2) The terrorist training, if any, received. (3) The role, if any, played in past terrorist attacks against the interests or allies of the United States. (4) The direct responsibility, if any, for the death of citizens of the United States or members of the Armed Forces. (5) Any admission of any matter specified in paragraphs (1) through (4). (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 4119. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.033 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3116 May 24, 2016 
After section 1022, insert the following: 
SEC. 1022A. PROHIBITION ON REPROGRAMMING REQUESTS FOR FUNDS FOR TRANS-FER OR RELEASE, OR CONSTRUC-TION FOR TRANSFER OR RELEASE, OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
While the prohibitions in sections 1031 and 1032 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 968) are in effect, the Department of Defense may not submit to Congress a re-programming request for funds to carry out any action prohibited by either such section. 
SA 4120. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. LIMITATION ON TREATMENT BY SEC-RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OF CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS AS ADJU-DICATED AS A MENTAL DEFECTIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5501 the following new section: ‘‘§ 5501A. Limitation on treatment by Sec-retary of certain individuals as adjudicated as a mental defective ‘‘In any case arising out of the administra-tion by the Secretary of any law adminis-tered by the Secretary, the Secretary shall not treat an individual as adjudicated as a mental defective for purposes of subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18 with-out the order or finding of a judge, mag-istrate, or other judicial authority of com-petent jurisdiction that such person is a dan-ger to himself or herself or others.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 55 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5501 the following new item: ‘‘5501A. Limitation on treatment by Sec-retary of certain individuals as adjudicated as a mental defec-tive.’’. 
SA 4121. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. IMPROVEMENT OF HEALTH CARE SERVICES PROVIDED TO NEWBORN CHILDREN BY DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 1786 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘seven days’’ and inserting ‘‘14 days’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 31 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the health care services provided under subsection (a) during such fiscal year, including the number of newborn children who received such services during such fiscal year.’’. SA 4122. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 565. MANDATORY PARTICIPATION IN AC-CESSING HIGHER EDUCATION ELE-MENT OF TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES INTENDING TO USE VETERANS EDUCATION BENEFITS AFTER MILITARY SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each member of the Armed Forces who notifies the Secretary having jurisdiction over such member of an intention to use educational benefits avail-able through the Department of Veterans Af-fairs (including educational benefits under chapter 30 or 33 of title 38, United States Code) after discharge, separation, or release from the Armed Forces shall be required to participate in the Accessing Higher Edu-cation element of the Transition Assistance Program (TAP) of the Department of De-fense. (b) T
IMING OF PARTICIPATION .—A member required to participate in the Accessing Higher Education element of the Transition Assistance Program pursuant to subsection (a) shall complete participation in the ele-ment not later than one year before the scheduled date of the member’s discharge, separation, or release from the Armed Forces. (c) N
OTIFICATION PROCEDURES .—Members shall make notifications for purposes of sub-section (a) in accordance with such proce-dures as each Secretary of a military depart-ment, and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity with respect to the Coast Guard, shall establish for such purposes. 
SA 4123. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 764. STUDY ON EFFECTS OF CONCUSSIONS IN SPORTS AND TRAINING ACTIVI-TIES AT UNITED STATES SERVICE ACADEMIES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study on the effects of concussions in sports and training activities, including hockey, football, lacrosse, soccer, boxing, and martial arts, at the United States serv-ice academies. (b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ex-amine, at a minimum, the following: (1) Current efforts by the Department of Defense to investigate the link between re-petitive brain trauma and concussions and sports and training activities at the United States service academies. (2) If any investigations by the Department at the United States service academies have led to findings that link repetitive brain trauma and concussions. (3) A determination as to whether policies have been put into place to prevent and limit concussions at the United States service academies in sports and training activities, including hockey, football, lacrosse, soccer, boxing, and martial arts. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study conducted under sub-section (a). (d) U
NITED STATES SERVICE ACADEMIES DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘United States service academies’’ means the United States Military Academy, the United States Air Force Academy, the United States Naval Academy, the United States Coast Guard Academy, and the United States Merchant Marine Academy. 
SA 4124. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 536, insert the following: 
SEC. 536A. REPEAL OF STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS ON CLAIMS BEFORE DISCHARGE RE-VIEW BOARDS. 
Section 1553(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the second sen-tence. 
SA 4125. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 870, between lines 19 and 20, insert the following: (G) How the current military selective service process impacts citizens across the demographic spectrum, including by socio- economic status and race, and whether the process needs to be improved to equitably impact all citizens. 
SA 4126. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.032 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3117 May 24, 2016 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 764. ASSESSMENT OF ABILITY OF DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE TO USE MOD-ELING AND SIMULATION CAPABILI-TIES TO ADDRESS MEDICAL TRAIN-ING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with the National Acad-emies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine under which the National Academies assess the ability of the Department of Defense to use modeling and simulation capabilities to address medical training requirements of the Department. (b) A
LTERNATE ORGANIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary is unable to enter into an agreement described in sub-section (a) with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine on terms acceptable to the Secretary, the Sec-retary shall seek to enter into such an agree-ment with another appropriate organization that— (A) is not part of the Federal Government; (B) operates as a not-for-profit entity; and (C) has expertise and objectivity com-parable to that of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. (2) T
REATMENT .—If the Secretary enters into an agreement with another organization as described in paragraph (1), any reference in this section to the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine shall be treated as a reference to the other organiza-tion. (c) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the assess-ment under subsection (a), the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine shall— (1) assess— (A) the modeling and simulation tech-nology available to the Federal Government and the private sector; (B) research and development programs that the Department may be able to under-take to enhance the modeling and simula-tion technology available to the Depart-ment; (C) programs to transition modeling and simulation technology into operational use by the Department; and (D) the advantages and disadvantages of using modeling and simulation as compared to live animal training, including fiscal and educational advantages and disadvantages; and (2) make recommendations to the Sec-retary on— (A) improvements to policies and programs of the Department to increase the use of modeling and simulation technology; (B) research and development priorities of the Department that will enhance modeling and simulation capabilities; and (C) the development of specific technical metrics to compare modeling and simulation to live animal training. 
SA 4127. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: SEC. 1277. REPORT ON MAINTENANCE BY ISRAEL OF A ROBUST INDEPENDENT CAPA-BILITY TO REMOVE EXISTENTIAL SE-CURITY THREATS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The United States-Israel Enhanced Se-curity Cooperation Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8601 et seq.) established the policy of the United States to support the inherent right of Israel to self-defense. (2) The United States-Israel Enhanced Se-curity Cooperation Act of 2012 expresses the sense of Congress that the Government of the United States should transfer to the Government of Israel defense articles and de-fense services. (3) The inherent right of Israel to self-de-fense necessarily includes the ability to de-fend against threats to its security and de-fend its vital national interests. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that air refueling tankers and ad-vanced bunker-buster munitions should im-mediately be transferred to Israel to ensure our democratic ally has an independent ca-pability to remove any existential threat posed by the Iranian nuclear program and defend its vital national interests. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter for a period not to exceed four years, the President shall sub-mit to the specified congressional commit-tees a report that— (A) identifies all long range defensive capa-bilities and platforms that would contribute significantly to the maintenance by Israel of a robust independent capability to remove existential security threats, including nu-clear and ballistic missile facilities in Iran, and defend its vital national interests; (B) assesses the availability for sale or transfer of items necessary for Israel to maintain the capability described in sub-paragraph (A), including the legal authori-ties available for making such transfers; and (C) describes the steps the President is tak-ing to immediately transfer the items de-scribed in subparagraph (B) for Israel to maintain the capability described in sub-paragraph (A). (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if necessary. (3) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘specified congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee of Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 4128. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 565. REPORTS ON READY, RELEVANT LEARN-ING INITIATIVE OF THE NAVY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 1, 2016, and March 1 of each of 2017, 2018, and 2019, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the Ready, Relevant Learning (RRL) initiative of the Navy. (b) ELEMENTS .—Each report under sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the performance of the Ready, Relevant Learning initiative dur-ing the preceding 12 months under the metrics developed to evaluate the initiative. (2) A description of current lessons learned through the transition to the Ready, Rel-evant Learning initiative. (3) A description of the actions relating to the transition to the Ready, Relevant Learn-ing initiative completed in the last fiscal year ending before the year in which such re-port is submitted, and anticipated in the fis-cal year in which such report is submitted and each of the next five fiscal years, as fol-lows: (A) Ratings analysis and content re-engineering, by rating or course of instruc-tion. (B) Decision points of Navy leadership re-lating to transitions to the initiative, by rat-ing, from the pre-initiative model to the ini-tiative model. (C) Reductions in Individuals Account by end strength and funding. (D) Reductions in A-school and C-school billets. (E) Funding realignments from the mili-tary personnel, Navy (MPN) account to the operation and maintenance, Navy (OMN) ac-count in connection. 
SA 4129. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN AIR FORCE STATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station (CMAFS) is an indispensable national secu-rity asset that is vital to the defense of North America; (2) CMAFS, which celebrated its 50th anni-versary on April 15, 2016, remains one of the greatest engineering marvels of our time, an American cultural icon, and relevant both now and in the future; (3) CMAFS is an Electromagnetic Pulse- Hardened facility and operates as the alter-nate command center for the NORAD and United States Northern Command (NORTHCOM); (4) since the establishment of the North American Defense Command (NORAD) in 1958, the U.S. and Canada have jointly in-vested in significant and irreplaceable infra-structure and capabilities to support NORAD in executing its assigned missions, including irreplaceable investment in CMAFS; (5) CMAFS facilitates integration and operational synergy with NORAD for defense of the homeland, and the significant fixed and unique infrastructure at this location enables daily and contingency operations execution of NORTHCOM’s missions; (6) NORAD and NORTHCOM rely heavily on various communications and data feeds that go through CMAFS, which enable NORAD and NORTHCOM to continue to op-erate throughout a conflict or other national crisis; and (7) portions of the Integrated Tactical Warning / Attack Assessment (ITW/AA) sys-tem that reside in CMAFS receive, process, and provide national leadership with infor-mation on air, missile, and space threats, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.034 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3118 May 24, 2016 
which is a critical component of the Nuclear Command and Control System, and is re-quired to provide unambiguous, timely, ac-curate, and continuous tactical warning and attack assessment information to senior leaders of the United States and Canada throughout conflict or national crisis. 
SA 4130. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1641. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE CRITICAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT OR SERVICES OBTAINED FROM SUP-PLIERS CLOSELY LINKED TO A LEADING CYBER-THREAT ACTOR. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on any critical telecommunications equipment, tech-nologies, or services obtained or used by the Department of Defense or its contractors or subcontrators that is— (1) manufactured by a foreign supplier, or a contractor or subcontractor of such supplier, that is closely linked to a leading cyber- threat actor; or (2) from an entity that incorporates or uti-lizes information technology manufactured by a foreign supplier, or a contractor or sub-contractor of such supplier, that is closely linked to a leading cyber-threat actor. (b) F
ORM.—The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a clas-sified annex. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘leading cyber-threat actor’’ means a country identified as a leading threat actor in cyberspace in the report enti-tled ‘‘Worldwide Threat Assessment of the US Intelligence Community’’, dated Feb-ruary 9, 2016, and includes the People’s Re-public of China, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and the Russian Federation. (2) The term ‘‘closely linked’’, with respect to a foreign supplier, contractor, or subcontrator and a leading cyber-threat actor, means the foreign supplier, con-tractor, or subcontractor— (A) has ties to the military forces of such actor; (B) has ties to the intelligence services of such actor; (C) is the beneficiary of significant low in-terest or no-interest loans, loan forgiveness, or other support of such actor; or (D) is incorporated or headquartered in the territory of such actor. 
SA 4131. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. MODIFICATION OF LAND CONVEY-ANCE, ROCKY MOUNTAIN ARSENAL NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
Section 5(d)(1) of the Rocky Mountain Ar-senal National Wildlife Refuge Act of 1992 (16 U.S.C. 668dd note; Public Law 102–402) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C)(i) Notwithstanding clause (i) of sub-paragraph (A), the restriction attached to any deed to any real property designated for disposal under this section that prohibits the use of the property for residential or indus-trial purposes may be modified or removed if it is determined, through a risk assessment performed pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), that the property is protective for the pro-posed use. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary of the Army shall not be responsible or liable for any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I) The cost of any risk assessment de-scribed in clause (i) or any actions taken in response to such risk assessment. ‘‘(II) Any damages attributable to the use of property for residential or industrial pur-poses as the result of the modification or re-moval of a deed restriction pursuant to clause (i), or the costs of any actions taken in response to such damages.’’. 
SA 4132. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1667. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE BAL-LISTIC MISSILE THREAT OF NORTH KOREA AND THE DEPLOYMENT OF TERMINAL HIGH ALTITUDE AREA DEFENSE IN SOUTH KOREA. 
It is the sense of Congress— (1) that the short-range, medium-range, and long-range ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) represent an imminent and growing threat to the Republic of Korea (ROK), Japan, and the United States homeland; (2) that, according to open sources, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea cur-rently fields an estimated 700 short-range ballistic missiles, 200 Nodong medium-range ballistic missiles, and 100 Musudan inter-mediate-range ballistic missiles; (3) that, in February 2016, the United States and Republic of Korea officially began formal consultations regarding the deploy-ment of the Terminal High Altitude Area De-fense (THAAD) missile defense system to the Republic of Korea; (4) that the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense missile defense system would effec-tively complement and significantly strengthen the existing missile defense capa-bilities of the United States on the Korean Peninsula; (5) that the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense missile defense system is a limited defensive system that does not represent a threat to any of the neighbors of the Repub-lic of Korea; (6) to welcome deployment consultation talks between United States and the Repub-lic of Korea on the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense missile defense system and to consider the deployment of that system as a sovereign choice of the Republic of Korean Government and a bilateral decision of the alliance between the United States and the Republic of Korea to protect the citizens of the Republic of Korea against the growing ballistic missile threat from the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and provide fur-ther protection to United States Armed Forces currently deployed to the Korean Pe-ninsula; and (7) to welcome joint missile defenses exer-cises between the United States, the Repub-lic of Korea, and Japan against the ballistic missile threat from the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and encourage further tri-lateral defense cooperation between the United States, the Republic of Korea, and Japan. SA 4133. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 502, insert the following: 
SEC. 502A. REDUCTION IN NUMBER OF GENERAL AND FLAG OFFICERS. 
(a) P LAN FOR ACHIEVEMENT OF REDUC -
TION.—Commencing not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall implement a plan to reduce the number of general and flag officers authorized by sections 525 and 526 of title 10, United States Code, in order to comply with sections 501 and 502 of this Act. (b) T
IME FOR COMPLETION .—The plan shall be implemented so as to comply with the re-quirements in sections 501 and 502 of this Act by not later than December 31, 2017. (c) O
RDERLY TRANSITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to provide an or-derly transition for personnel in billets to be eliminated pursuant to the plan, each gen-eral or flag officer who has not completed 24 months in a billet to be eliminated pursuant to the plan as of December 31, 2017, may re-main in such billet until the last day of the month that is 24 months after the month in which such officer assumed the duties of such billet. (2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS ON COVERED OFFI -
CERS.—The Secretary shall include in the an-nual report required by section 526(j) of title 10, United States Code, in 2017 a description of the billets in which an officer will remain pursuant to paragraph (1), including the lat-est date on which the officer may remain in such billet pursuant to that paragraph. (3) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON DETACHMENT OF  
COVERED OFFICERS .—The Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a notice on the date on which each officer covered by paragraph (1) is detached from such officer’s billet pursuant to that para-graph. (d) R
EPORTS ON PROGRESS IN IMPLEMENTA -
TION.—The Secretary shall include with the budget for the Department of Defense for each of fiscal year 2018 and 2019, as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, a report describing and assessing the progress of the Department in implementing the plan and in achieving compliance with the requirements of sec-tions 501 and 502 of this Act. 
SA 4134. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.034 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3119 May 24, 2016 
him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1059. AUTHORITY OF THE AIR FORCE TO CONTRACT FOR TRAINING OF AIR FORCE PERSONNEL IN PILOTING AND MAINTAINING REMOTELY PI-LOTED AIRCRAFT. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Air Force may enter into contracts with quali-fied entities to provide training for Air Force personnel in piloting and maintaining re-motely piloted aircraft. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (1) The number and scope of any current contracts entered into pursuant to sub-section (a). (2) A justification for the determination of the Secretary to enter or not enter, as the case may be, into contracts authorized by subsection (a), including, if the Secretary has not entered into such contracts— (A) whether the number of remotely pi-loted aircraft pilots and maintenance crews of the Air Force is sufficient to meet the stated goal of 60 combat lines using such air-craft without such contracts; and (B) a description of any legal or financial impediments to the utility of such contracts. 
SA 4135. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. REPORT ON THE INTEGRATION OF DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE UNMANNED AIRCRAFT INTO THE NATIONAL AIR-SPACE SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration, shall submit to Con-gress a report on how the Department of De-fense will ensure the safe integration of its unmanned aircraft with any civilian un-manned aircraft system traffic management system that may be part of the national air-space system after such date of enactment. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of— (A) the potential for civilian unmanned aircraft traffic below 400 feet above sea level to affect the safety of military training routes, special use airspace, and airport ter-minal operating areas; (B) the potential for civilian unmanned aircraft traffic above 400 feet above sea level, whether operating legally or illegally, to af-fect military training routes and special use airspace; and (C) the technology the Department of De-fense employs to provide unmanned aircraft operators with airspace situational aware-ness and the degree to which that technology could enable the Department of Defense to comply with current and expected future safety requirements in the United States na-tional airspace system. (2) A description of— (A) the cases in which unmanned aircraft of the Department of Defense may need to be interoperable with any civilian unmanned aircraft system traffic management system that may be part of the national airspace system after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) the efforts of the Department of De-fense efforts to coordinate with the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration on— (i) research, development, testing, and evaluation of concepts, technologies, and systems required to ensure that unmanned aircraft systems of the Department of De-fense meet civilian technical and safety standards; and (ii) the development of technology and standards for any civilian unmanned aircraft system traffic management system that may be part of the national airspace system after such date of enactment. (3) A strategy for ensuring that the un-manned aircraft of the Department of De-fense are interoperable with any civilian un-manned aircraft system traffic management system that may be part of the national air-space system after such date of enactment. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘unmanned aircraft’’ and ‘‘unmanned air-craft system’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 331 of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112– 95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). 
SA 4136. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. D AINES , and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1655. IDENTIFICATION AND CORRECTION OF CAPABILITIES SHORTFALLS WITH RESPECT TO ENSURING THE SECU-RITY OF UNITED STATES INTER-CONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE SITES. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF CAPABILITIES SHORT -
FALLS .—Not later than 15 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mander of the United States Strategic Com-mand shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a classified report that in-cludes the following: (1) A description of extant and potential threats to the security of United States intercontinental ballistic missile sites. (2) A list of requirements for capabilities to ensure the security of all United States intercontinental ballistic missile sites. (3) A description of capabilities shortfalls within the forces assigned, allocated, or oth-erwise provided to the United States Stra-tegic Command as of the date of the report to ensure the security of all United States intercontinental ballistic missile sites. (4) An assessment of the severity of risk associated with any shortfalls identified under paragraph (3). (b) C
ORRECTION OF CAPABILITIES SHORT -
FALLS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (A) take action to mitigate any capabili-ties shortfalls identified in the report re-quired by subsection (a); (B) begin a process, pursuant to section 1535 of title 31, United States Code, to pro-cure HH–60 helicopters for which contracts can be entered into by fiscal year 2018; and (C) obtain a certification from the Com-mander of the United States Strategic Com-mand that the action described in subpara-graph (A) will effectively mitigate any capa-bilities shortfalls identified in the report re-quired by subsection (a) until the helicopters described in subparagraph (B) can be pro-cured and fielded. (2) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the actions taken pursuant to paragraph (1). (B) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex. 
SA 4137. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 221. ENHANCEMENT OF SITUATIONAL AWARENESS IN THE ARCTIC USING RQ–4 GLOBAL HAWK AIRCRAFT. 
(a) R EPORT ON USETOENHANCE SITUA-
TIONAL AWARENESS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the use of RQ–4 Global Hawk air-craft to increase situational awareness in the Arctic. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the ability of the Air Force to fulfill the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance requirements of the com-batant commands in the Arctic (2) An assessment of the ability of RQ–4 Global Hawk aircraft to provide capabilities necessary to meet the requirements de-scribed in paragraph (1). (3) An assessment whether the capabilities of RQ–4 Global Hawk aircraft identified pur-suant to paragraph (2) could be employed in the Arctic while the RQ–4 Global Hawk air-craft is being flown for training purposes. (4) A description of any efforts to enable the RQ–4 Global Hawk aircraft to conduct missions in the Arctic within existing sat-ellite communications capacity. 
SA 4138. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.036 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3120 May 24, 2016 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 536, insert the following: 
SEC. 536A. TREATMENT BY DISCHARGE REVIEW BOARDS OF CLAIMS ASSERTING POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DIS-ORDER OR TRAUMATIC BRAIN IN-JURY IN CONNECTION WITH COM-BAT OR SEXUAL TRAUMA AS A BASIS FOR REVIEW OF DISCHARGE. 
Section 1553(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3)(A) In addition to the requirements of paragraph (1) and (2), in the case of a former member described in subparagraph (B), the Board shall— ‘‘(i) review medical evidence of the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs or a civilian health care provider that is presented by the former member; and ‘‘(ii) review the case with liberal consider-ation to the former member that post-trau-matic stress disorder or traumatic brain in-jury potentially contributed to the cir-cumstances resulting in the discharge of a lesser characterization. ‘‘(B) A former member described in this subparagraph is a former member described in paragraph (1) or a former member whose application for relief is based in whole or in part on matters relating to post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury as supporting rationale, or as justification for priority consideration, whose post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury is related to combat or military sexual trauma, as determined by the Secretary concerned.’’. 
SA 4139. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1665. 
SA 4140. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. M ORAN , Mr. K
IRK, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. R
OBERTS , and Mr. S COTT) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1031. SENSE OF SENATE ON TRANSFER TO UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, OF INDI-VIDUALS CAPTURED BY THE UNITED STATES FOR SUPPORTING THE IS-LAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LE-VANT. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant (ISIL) has declared war on the United States; (2) the United States Armed Forces are currently engaged in combat operations against ISIL; (3) in conducting combat operations against ISIL, the United States has captured and detained individuals associated with ISIL and will likely capture and hold addi-tional ISIL detainees; (4) following the horrific terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, the United States de-termined that it would detain at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, individuals who had engaged in, aided, or abetted, or conspired to commit, acts of international terrorism, or acts in prepara-tion therefor, that have caused, threaten to cause, or have as their aim to cause, injury to or adverse effects on the United States, its citizens, national security, foreign policy, or economy; (5) members of ISIL captured by the United States during combat operations against ISIL meet such criteria for continued deten-tion at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay; and (6) all individuals captured by the United States during combat operations against ISIL that meet such criteria by their affili-ation with ISIL must be detained outside the United States and its territories and should be transferred to United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay. SA 4141. Mr. CORKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: DIVISION F—DEPARTMENT OF STATE AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ment of State Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 2017’’. 
SEC. 6002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) C
APITAL MASTER PLAN .—The term ‘‘Cap-ital Master Plan’’ means the capital con-struction project at the United Nations Headquarters in New York City for which funding was approved by the United Nations General Assembly on December 22, 2006 (A/ RES/61/251). (3) C
ONSULAR AFFAIRS .—The term ‘‘Con-sular Affairs’’ means the Bureau of Consular Affairs of the Department of State. (4) D
EPARTMENT .—Unless otherwise speci-fied, the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of State. (5) F
OREIGN SERVICE .—The term ‘‘Foreign Service’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3902). (6) G
LOBAL AFFAIRS BUREAUS .—The term ‘‘global affairs bureaus’’ means the following bureaus of the Department: (A) Bureaus reporting to the Under Sec-retary for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment. (B) Bureaus reporting to the Under Sec-retary for Arms Control and International Security. (C) Bureaus reporting to the Under Sec-retary for Public Diplomacy and Public Af-fairs. (D) Bureaus reporting to the Under Sec-retary for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights. (E) The Bureau of International Organiza-tion Affairs. (7) GLOBAL AFFAIRS POSITION .—The term ‘‘global affairs position’’ means any position funded with amounts appropriated to the De-partment under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic Policy and Support’’. (8) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL .—Unless otherwise specified, the term ‘‘Inspector General’’ means the Office of Inspector General of the Department of State. (9) P
EACEKEEPING ABUSE COUNTRY OF CON -
CERN .—The term ‘‘peacekeeping abuse coun-try of concern’’ means a country so des-ignated by the Secretary pursuant to section 6102(a). (10) P
EACEKEEPING CREDITS .—The term ‘‘peacekeeping credits’’ means the amounts by which United States assessed peace-keeping contributions exceed actual expendi-tures, apportioned to the United States, of peacekeeping operations by the United Na-tions during a United Nations peacekeeping fiscal year. (11) S
ECRETARY .—Unless otherwise speci-fied, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of State. (12) S
TRATEGIC HERITAGE PLAN .—The term ‘‘Strategic Heritage Plan’’ means the capital construction project at the United Nations’ Palais des Nations building complex in Gene-va, Switzerland, as discussed in the Sec-retary–General’s ‘‘Second annual progress report on the strategic heritage plan of the United Nations Office at Geneva’’ (A/70/394), which was published on September 25, 2015. TITLE LXXI—INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS 
SEC. 6101. OVERSIGHT OF AND ACCOUNTABILITY FOR PEACEKEEPER ABUSES. 
(a) S TRATEGY TO ENSURE REFORM AND AC-
COUNTABILITY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit, in unclassified form, to the appropriate congressional commit-tees— (1) a United States strategy for combating sexual exploitation and abuse in United Na-tions peacekeeping operations; and (2) an implementation plan for achieving the objectives set forth in the strategy de-scribed in paragraph (1). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing elements and objectives: (1) The United States shall use its vote and influence at the United Nations to seek— (A) the establishment of onsite courts-mar-tial, as appropriate, for the prosecution of crimes committed by peacekeeping per-sonnel, which is consistent with each peace-keeping mission’s status of forces agreement with its host country; (B) the creation of a United Nations Secu-rity Council ombudsman office that— (i) is authorized to conduct ongoing over-sight of peacekeeping operations; (ii) reports directly to the Security Coun-cil on— (I) offenses committed by peacekeeping personnel or United Nations civilian staff or volunteers; and (II) the actions taken in response to such offenses; and (iii) provides reports to the Security Coun-cil on the conduct of personnel in each peacekeeping operation not less frequently than annually and before the expiration or renewal of the mandate of any such peace-keeping operation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.035 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3121 May 24, 2016 
(C) guidance from the United Nations on the establishment of a standing claims com-mission for each peacekeeping operation— (i) to address any grievances by a host country’s civilian population against United Nations personnel in cases of alleged abuses by peacekeeping personnel; and (ii) to provide means for the government of the country of which culpable United Na-tions peacekeeping or civilian personnel are nationals to compensate the victims of such crimes; (D) the adoption of a United Nations policy that— (i) establishes benchmarks for the identi-fication of sexual exploitation or abuse; and (ii) ensures proper training of peace-keeping personnel (including officers and senior civilian personnel) in recognizing and avoiding such offenses; (E) the adoption of a United Nations policy that bars troop- or police-contributing coun-tries that fail to fulfill their obligation to ensure good order and discipline among their troops from providing any further troops for peace operations or restricts peacekeeper re-imbursements to such countries until train-ing, institutional reform, and oversight mechanisms have been put in place that are adequate to prevent such problems from re-occurring; and (F) appropriate risk reduction policies, in-cluding refusal by the United Nations to de-ploy uniformed personnel from any troop- or police-contributing country that does not adequately— (i) investigate allegations of sexual exploi-tation or abuse involving nationals of such country; and (ii) ensure justice for the personnel deter-mined to be responsible for such sexual ex-ploitation or abuse. (2) The United States shall deny further United States peacekeeper training or re-lated assistance, except for training specifi-cally designed to reduce the incidence of sex-ual exploitation or abuse, or to assist in its identification or prosecution, to any troop- or police-contributing country that does not— (A) implement and maintain effective measures to improve such country’s ability to monitor for sexual exploitation and abuse offenses committed by peacekeeping per-sonnel who are nationals of such country; (B) adequately respond to allegations of such offenses by carrying out effective dis-ciplinary action against the personnel deter-mined to be responsible for such offenses; and (C) provide detailed reporting to the om-budsman described in paragraph (1)(B) (or other appropriate United Nations official) that describes the offenses committed by its nationals and its responses to such offenses. (3) The United States shall develop support mechanisms to assist troop- or police-con-tributing countries— (A) to improve their capacity to inves-tigate allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse offenses committed by their nationals while participating in a United Nations peacekeeping operation; and (B) to appropriately hold accountable any individual who commits an act of sexual ex-ploitation or abuse. (4) In coordination with the ombudsman described in paragraph (1)(B) (or other appro-priate United Nations official), the Secretary shall identify, in the Department’s annual country reports on human rights practices, the countries of origin of any peacekeeping personnel or units that— (A) are characterized by patterns of sexual exploitation or abuse; or (B) have failed to institute appropriate in-stitutional and procedural reforms after being made aware of any such patterns. (c) O PTIONAL DNA S AMPLING .—The United States may encourage a troop- or police-con-tributing country— (1) to develop its own system to obtain and maintain DNA samples, consistent with the laws of such country, from each national of such country who is a member of a United Nations military contingent or formed police unit; and (2) to make the DNA samples referred to in paragraph (1) available to such country’s in-vestigators if there is a credible allegation of sexual exploitation or abuse involving na-tionals described in paragraph (1). (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that none of the DNA samples con-tained in the Armed Forces Repository of Specimen Samples for the Identification of Remains should be shared with the United Nations, a United Nations specialized agen-cy, or a United Nations affiliated organiza-tion. 
SEC. 6102. DESIGNATION AND REPORTING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF COUNTRIES WITH R
ECORDS OF PEACEKEEPING ABUSE .—If cred- ible information indicates that personnel from any United Nations peacekeeping troop- or police-contributing country have engaged in sexual exploitation or abuse and credible allegations of such misconduct indi-cate a pattern of sexual exploitation or abuse, the Secretary shall— (1) designate the country in question as a ‘‘peacekeeping abuse country of concern’’; and (2) promptly notify the country in question of its designation under this subsection. (b) D
URATION .—A designation under sub-section (a)(1) shall remain in effect until the Secretary determines that— (1) the pattern of sexual exploitation or abuse that led to such designation has ceased; and (2) the country in question has taken ap-propriate steps— (A) to prevent acts of sexual exploitation or abuse in the future; and (B) to bring to justice the perpetrators of any such sexual exploitation or abuse. (c) P
UBLIC LIST.—The Secretary shall maintain a publicly-accessible list of all countries that are designated as a peace-keeping abuse country of concern. (d) I
NFORMATION .—The Secretary shall promptly inform the appropriate congres-sional committees whenever the Secretary— (1) designates a country as a peacekeeping abuse country of concern; or (2) determines that a country no longer qualifies as a peacekeeping abuse country of concern as a result of meeting the criteria set forth in subsection (b). (e) C
REDIBLE INFORMATION .—In assessing whether credible information indicates a pattern of sexual exploitation or abuse, the Secretary should consider all credible infor-mation, including— (1) the contents of the annual United Na-tions Secretary General’s Bulletin entitled ‘‘Special measures for protection from sex-ual exploitation and sexual abuse’’; (2) classified and unclassified information residing in Federal Government databases or other relevant records; (3) open-source records, including media accounts and information available on the Internet; (4) information available from inter-national organizations, foreign governments, and civil society organizations; and (5) information obtained directly from vic-tims or their advocates. 
SEC. 6103. WITHHOLDING OF ASSISTANCE. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF UNITED STATES POLICY .— It is the policy of the United States that as-sistance to security forces should not be pro-vided to any unit of the security forces of a foreign country that has engaged in a gross violation of human rights or in acts of sexual exploitation or abuse, including while serv-ing in a United Nations peacekeeping oper-ation. (b) CLARIFICATION .—A gross violation of human rights referred to in section 620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2378d) shall include any gross violation of human rights committed by a unit serving in a United Nations peacekeeping operation. (c) W
ITHHOLDING OF ASSISTANCE .—The Sec- retary is authorized— (1) to withhold any or all of the assistance to security forces described in subsection (d) from any unit of the security forces of a for-eign country for which the Secretary has de-termined that credible information exists that the unit has engaged in acts of sexual exploitation or abuse, including while serv-ing on a United Nations peacekeeping oper-ation; and (2) to continue to withhold such assistance until effective steps have been taken— (A) to investigate, identify, and punish such exploitation or abuse; and (B) to prevent similar incidents from oc-curring in the future. (d) A
SSISTANCE SPECIFIED .—The assistance to security forces described in this sub-section is the assistance authorized under— (1) sections 481, 516, 524, and 541 of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2291, 2321j, 2344, and 2347); (2) chapter 6 of part II of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2348 et seq.); and (3) section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2763). (e) A
LLOCATION OF WITHHELD FUNDS .—If funding is withheld under subsection (c) or a country has been designated as a ‘‘peace-keeping abuse country of concern’’ under section 6102(a)(1), the President may make such funds available to assist the foreign government to strengthen civilian and mili-tary mechanisms of accountability to bring the responsible members of the security forces to justice and to prevent future inci-dents provided that a notification is sub-mitted to Congress in accordance with the procedures applicable to reprogramming no-tifications under section 34 of the State De-partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2706). (f) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary with-holds assistance to security forces from a unit of the security forces of a foreign coun-try pursuant to subsection (c), the Secretary shall— (1) promptly notify the government of such country that such unit is ineligible for cer-tain military assistance from the United States; and (2) provide written notification of such withholding to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 10 days after the Secretary has determined to withhold such assistance or sales from such unit. 
SEC. 6104. REPORT ON FEDERAL GOVERNMENT CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNITED NATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4(c)(1) of the United Nations Participation Act of 1945 (22 U.S.C. 287b(c)) is amended— (1) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) A description of all assistance from the United States to the United Nations to support peacekeeping operations that— ‘‘(i) was provided during the previous cal-endar year; ‘‘(ii) is expected to be provided during the current fiscal year; or ‘‘(iii) is included in the annual budget re-quest to Congress for the budget year.’’; (2) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.031 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3122 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(D) For assessed or voluntary contribu-tions described in subparagraph (B)(iii) or (C)(iii) that exceed $100,000 in value, includ-ing in-kind contributions— ‘‘(i) the total amount or estimated value of all such contributions to the United Nations and to each of its affiliated agencies and re-lated bodies; ‘‘(ii) the nature and estimated total value of all in-kind contributions in support of United Nations peacekeeping operations and other international peacekeeping operations, including— ‘‘(I) logistics; ‘‘(II) airlift; ‘‘(III) arms and materiel; ‘‘(IV) nonmilitary technology and equip-ment; ‘‘(V) personnel; and ‘‘(VI) training; ‘‘(iii) the approximate percentage of all such contributions to the United Nations and to each such agency or body when compared with all contributions to the United Nations and to each such agency or body from any source; and ‘‘(iv) for each such United States Govern-ment contribution to the United Nations and to each such agency or body— ‘‘(I) the amount or value of the contribu-tion; ‘‘(II) a description of the contribution, in-cluding whether it is an assessed or vol-untary contribution; ‘‘(III) the purpose of the contribution; ‘‘(IV) the department or agency of the United States Government responsible for the contribution; and ‘‘(V) the United Nations or United Nations affiliated agency or related body that re-ceived the contribution.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) The report required under this sub-section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.’’. (b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .— Not later than 14 days after submitting each report under section 4(c) of the United Na-tions Participation Act of 1945 (22 U.S.C. 287b(c)), the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget shall post a text-based, searchable version of any unclassified infor-mation described in paragraph (1)(D) of such section on a publicly available website. 
SEC. 6105. REIMBURSEMENT OR APPLICATION OF CREDITS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the President shall direct the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and in-fluence of the United States at the United Nations to seek and timely obtain a commit-ment from the United Nations to make available to the United States any peace-keeping credits that are generated from a closed peacekeeping operation. 
SEC. 6106. REIMBURSEMENT OF CONTRIBUTING COUNTRIES. 
It is the policy of the United States that— (1) the present formula for determining the troop reimbursement rate paid to troop- and police-contributing countries for United Na-tions peacekeeping should be clearly ex-plained and made available to the public on the United Nations Department of Peace-keeping Operations website; (2) regular audits of the nationally-deter-mined pay and benefits given to personnel from troop- and police-contributing coun-tries participating in United Nations peace-keeping operations should be conducted to help inform the reimbursement rate; and (3) the survey mechanism developed by the United Nations Secretary-General’s Senior Advisory Group on Peacekeeping Operations for collecting troop- and police-contributing country data on common and extraordinary expenses associated with deploying per-sonnel to peacekeeping missions should be coordinated with the audits described in paragraph (2) to ensure proper oversight and accountability. SEC. 6107. UNITED NATIONS PEACEKEEPING AS-SESSMENT FORMULA. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) conduct a study of the formula and methods by which the United Nations as-sesses member states for financial support to peacekeeping operations to determine an ap-propriate standard by which the United Na-tions should assess such member states in proportion to their capacity to contribute fi-nancially to such operations; and (2) submit the results of the study con-ducted under paragraph (1) to the appro-priate congressional committees. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an explanation and analysis of the for-mula and methods used by the United Na-tions to determine the peacekeeping assess-ments for each member state, including— (A) whether it is appropriate to use per capita gross domestic product as the method of calculation for determining a member country’s capacity to contribute; (B) whether, and to what degree, member countries should qualify for discounts through the United Nations regular budget, the peacekeeping budget, or both; and (C) a survey and analysis of various meth-ods of calculating capacity to contribute in-cluding— (i) the relative share of quota subscription and voting shares at international financial institutions such as the World Bank Group and the International Monetary Fund; (ii) the size and nature of the country’s re-serves, including the size and composition of its other external assets; and (iii) whether the country runs large and prolonged current account surpluses; and (2) recommendations, based on the analysis conducted under paragraph (1), for improving the formula used by the United Nations to determine the peacekeeping assessments for each member state to better reflect each state’s capacity to contribute and appro-priate burden-sharing among member states. 
SEC. 6108. STRATEGIC HERITAGE PLAN. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter until the Strategic Heritage Plan is complete, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees on the Strategic Heritage Plan that includes— (1) an update on the status of the project’s budget and schedule, including any changes to scope, total project cost, or schedule; (2) an update on financing plans for the project, including the amount contributed by each member state; and (3) an assessment of the United Nations’ management of the project, including wheth-er lessons learned during the implementa-tion of the Capital Master Plan are used to develop documented guidance for the Stra-tegic Heritage Plan. (b) A
UTHORIZATION .—Not later than 30 days before the adoption of a budget for the Stra-tegic Heritage Plan by the United Nations General Assembly, the Secretary shall cer-tify to the appropriate congressional com-mittees whether— (1) the United Nations has updated its poli-cies and procedures for capital projects to in-corporate lessons learned from the Capital Master Plan; (2) the Department— (A) has conducted a cost-benefit analysis of the United Nations financing options for the Strategic Heritage Plan, including the possi-bility of special assessments on member states and a long-term loan from the Govern-ment of Switzerland; and (B) has determined which option is most fi-nancially advantageous for the United States; and (3) the United Nations has reviewed viable options for securing alternative financing to offset the total project cost. SEC. 6109. WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION OF WHISTLEBLOWER PRO-
TECTIONS .—Not more than 85 percent of the annual contributions by the United States to the United Nations (including contributions to the Department of Peacekeeping Oper-ations) for any United Nations agency, or for the Organization of American States, may be obligated for such organization, department, or agency until the Secretary certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the organization, department, or agency re-ceiving such contributions is— (1) posting on a publicly available website, consistent with applicable privacy regula-tions and due process, regular financial and programmatic audits of such organization, department, or agency; (2) providing the United States Govern-ment with necessary access to the financial and performance audits described in para-graph (1); and (3) effectively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures that reflect best practices for the protection of whistle-blowers from retaliation, including— (A) protection against retaliation for inter-nal and lawful public disclosures; (B) the establishment of appropriate legal burdens of proof in disciplinary or other ac-tions taken against employees and the main-tenance of due process protections for such employees; (C) the establishment of clear statutes of limitation for reporting retaliation against whistleblowers; (D) appropriate access to independent adju-dicative bodies, including external arbitra-tion; and (E) prompt disciplinary action, as appro-priate, against any officials who have en-gaged in retaliation against whistleblowers. (b) R
ELEASE OF WITHHELD CONTRIBUTIONS .— The Secretary may obligate the remaining 15 percent of the applicable United States con-tributions to an organization, department, or agency subject to the certification re-quirement described in subsection (a) after the Secretary submits such certification to the appropriate congressional committees. (c) W
AIVER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may waive the requirements under subsection (a) with respect to a particular agency, organization, or department, if the Secretary determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that such a waiver is necessary for the particular agency, organization, or department to avert or respond to a humani-tarian crisis. (2) R
ENEWAL .—A waiver under paragraph (1) may be renewed if the Secretary deter-mines and reports to the appropriate con-gressional committees that such waiver re-mains necessary for that particular agency, organization, or department to avert or re-spond to a humanitarian crisis. 
SEC. 6110. UNITED NATIONS HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL. 
(a) F UNDING PROHIBITION .—No funding from the United States Government may be made available to support the United Nations Human Rights Council until after the Sec-retary certifies to the appropriate congres-sional committees that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.031 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3123 May 24, 2016 
(1) participation in the United Nations Human Rights Council is in the national in-terest of the United States; and (2) the United Nations Humans Rights Council is taking steps to remove ‘‘Human rights situation in Palestine and other occu-pied Arab territories’’ and any other specific item targeted at Israel as permanent items on the United Nations Human Rights Coun-cil’s agenda. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—The certification under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an explanation of the reasoning behind the certification; and (2) the steps that have been taken to re-move ‘‘Human rights situation in Palestine and other occupied Arab territories’’ and any other specific item targeted at Israel as per-manent agenda items. (c) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees that de-scribes— (1) the resolutions that were considered in the United Nations Human Rights Council during the previous 12 months; and (2) steps that have been taken during that 12-month period to remove ‘‘Human rights situation in Palestine and other occupied Arab territories’’ and any other specific item targeted at Israel as permanent agenda items for the United Nations Human Rights Council. (d) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the restrictions imposed under subsection (a), on an annual basis, if the Secretary— (1) determines that such a waiver is in the foreign policy or national security interests of the United States; and (2) submits a written explanation to the appropriate congressional committees of the reasoning behind such determination. (e) T
ERMINATION .—The funding limitation under subsection (a) shall terminate after the Secretary certifies pursuant to that sub-section that ‘‘Human rights situation in Pal-estine and other occupied Arab territories’’ and any other specific item targeted at Israel have been removed as permanent items on the United Nations Human Rights Council’s agenda. 
SEC. 6111. COMPARATIVE REPORT ON PEACE-KEEPING OPERATIONS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit a re-port to the appropriate congressional com-mittees on the costs, strengths, and limita-tions of United States and United Nations peacekeeping operations, which shall in-clude— (1) a comparison of the costs of current United Nations peacekeeping missions and the estimated cost of comparable United States peacekeeping operations; and (2) an analysis of the strengths and limita-tions of— (A) a peacekeeping operation led by the United States; and (B) a peacekeeping operation led by the United Nations. 
SEC. 6112. ADDRESSING MISCONDUCT IN UNITED NATIONS PEACEKEEPING MISSIONS. 
(a) R EFORMS .—The President shall direct the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations— (1) to seek to alter the model memorandum of understanding for troop-contributing countries participating in United Nations peacekeeping missions to strengthen ac-countability measures related to the inves-tigation, prosecution, and discipline of their troops in cases of misconduct; (2) to seek to ensure that for each United Nations peacekeeping mission mandate re-newal that is approved and for any new peacekeeping mission, the memorandum of understanding with the troop-contributing countries contains strong provisions that en-sure an investigation and response to allega-tions of sexual exploitation and abuse of-fenses and the execution of swift and effec-tive disciplinary action against personnel found to have committed the offenses is taken; and (3) to seek to require the immediate repa-triation of a particular military unit or formed police unit of a troop- or police-con-tributing country in a United Nations peace-keeping operation when there is credible in-formation of widespread or systemic sexual exploitation or abuse by that unit and to prevent the deployment of that particular unit in a peacekeeping capacity until demon-strable progress has been made to prevent similar offenses from occurring in the fu-ture, to strengthen command and control, and to investigate and hold accountable those found guilty of sexual exploitation or abuse. (b) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to Con-gress a report with recommendations for changing the model memorandum of under-standing for troop-contributing countries participating in United Nations peace-keeping missions that strengthen account-ability measures and prevent sexual exploi-tation and abuse by United Nations per-sonnel. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A plan to ensure the recommendations described in such paragraph are incorporated into the model memorandum of under-standing. (B) Specific recommendation on ways to track the progress and process by which a troop-contributing country investigates, prosecutes, and holds personnel accountable for misconduct. 
SEC. 6113. WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS FOR UNITED NATIONS PERSONNEL. 
The President shall direct the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and in-fluence of the United States at the United Nations— (1) to call for the removal of any official at the United Nations whom the Department of State determines has failed to uphold the highest standards of ethics and integrity es-tablished by the United Nations, and whose conduct, with respect to preventing sexual exploitation and abuse by United Nations peacekeepers, has resulted in the erosion of public confidence in the United Nations; (2) to ensure that effective whistleblower protections are extended to United Nations peacekeepers, United Nations police officers, United Nations staff, contractors, and vic-tims of misconduct involving United Nations personnel; and (3) to ensure that the United Nations es-tablishes and implements effective protec-tion measures for whistleblowers who report significant allegations of wrongdoing by United Nations officials. TITLE LXXII—PERSONNEL AND ORGANIZATIONAL ISSUES 
SEC. 6201. MARKET DATA FOR COST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees that exam-ines the feasibility and cost effectiveness of using private sector market data to deter-mine cost of living adjustments for foreign service officers and Federal Government ci-vilians who are stationed abroad. (b) CONTENT .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a list of at least 4 private sector pro-viders of international cost-of-living data that the Secretary determines are qualified to provide such data; (2) a list of cities in which the Department maintains diplomatic posts for which private sector cost-of-living data is not available; (3) a comparison of— (A) the cost of purchasing cost-of-living data from each provider listed in paragraph (1); and (B) the cost (including Department labor costs) of producing such rates internally; and (4) for countries in which the Department provides a cost-of-living allowance greater than zero and the World Bank estimates that the national price level of the country is less than the national price level of the United States, a comparison of cost-of-living allow-ances, excluding housing costs, of the private sector providers referred to in paragraph (1) to rates constructed by the Department’s Of-fice of Allowances. (c) W
AIVER .—If the Secretary determines that compliance with subsection (b)(4) at a particular location is cost-prohibitive, the Secretary may waive the requirement under subsection (b)(4) for that location if the Sec-retary submits written notice and an expla-nation of the reasons for the waiver to the appropriate congressional committees. 
SEC. 6202. OVERSEAS HOUSING. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that analyzes and compares— (1) overseas housing policies and rates for civilians, as set by the Department; and (2) overseas housing policies and rates for military personnel, as set by the Department of Defense. (b) C
ONTENT .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a comparison of overseas housing poli-cies, pertaining to the size and quality of government-provided housing and the rates for individually leased housing, for Federal Government civilians and military per-sonnel; (2) a comparison of rates for individually leased overseas housing for civilians and military personnel by comparable rank and family size; (3) an analysis of any factors specific to the civilian population or military popu-lation that warrant separate housing policies and rates; (4) a recommendation on the feasibility and cost-effectiveness of consolidating civil-ian and military policies and rates for indi-vidually-leased housing into a single ap-proach for all United States personnel who are stationed overseas; and (5) additional policy recommendations based on the Comptroller General’s analysis. 
SEC. 6203. LOCALLY-EMPLOYED STAFF WAGES. 
(a) M ARKET -RESPONSIVE STAFF WAGES .— Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, and periodically there-after, the Secretary shall establish and im-plement a prevailing wage rates goal for po-sitions in the local compensation plan, as de-scribed in section 408 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3968), at each diplo-matic post that— (1) is based on the specific recruiting and retention needs of the post and local labor market conditions, as determined annually; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.031 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3124 May 24, 2016 
(2) is not less than the 50th percentile of the prevailing wage for comparable employ-ment in the labor market surrounding the post. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The prevailing wage rate goal established under subsection (a) may differ from the requirements under such sub-section if required by law in the locality of employment. (c) R
ECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENT .—The an- alytical assumptions underlying the calcula-tion of wage levels at each diplomatic post under subsection (a), and the data upon which such calculation is based— (1) shall be filed electronically and re-tained for not less than 5 years; and (2) shall be made available to the appro-priate congressional committees upon re-quest. 
SEC. 6204. EXPANSION OF CIVIL SERVICE OPPOR-TUNITIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Depart-ment should— (1) expand the Overseas Development Pro-gram from 20 positions to not fewer than 40 positions within 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) analyze the costs and benefits of ex-panding the Overseas Development Program; and (3) expand the Overseas Development Pro-gram to more than 40 positions if the bene-fits identified in paragraph (2) outweigh the costs identified in such paragraph. 
SEC. 6205. PROMOTION TO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE. 
Section 601(c) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4001(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6)(A) The promotion of any individual joining the Service on or after January 1, 2017, to the Senior Foreign Service shall be contingent upon the individual completing at least 1 tour in— ‘‘(i) a global affairs bureau; or ‘‘(ii) a global affairs position. ‘‘(B) In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) The term ‘global affairs bureaus’ means the following bureaus of the Depart-ment: ‘‘(I) Bureaus reporting to the Under Sec-retary for Economic Growth, Energy, and Environment. ‘‘(II) Bureaus reporting to the Under Sec-retary for Arms Control and International Security. ‘‘(III) Bureaus reporting to the Under Sec-retary for Public Diplomacy and Public Af-fairs. ‘‘(IV) Bureaus reporting to the Under Sec-retary for Civilian, Security, Democracy, and Human Rights. ‘‘(V) The Bureau of International Organiza-tion Affairs. ‘‘(ii) The term ‘global affairs position’ means any position funded with amounts ap-propriated to the Department of State under the heading ‘Diplomatic Policy and Support’. ‘‘(C) The requirements under subparagraph (A) shall not apply if the Secretary of State certifies that the individual proposed for pro-motion to the Senior Foreign Service— ‘‘(i) has met all other requirements appli-cable to such promotion; and ‘‘(ii) was unable to complete a tour in a global affairs bureau or global affairs posi-tion because there was not a reasonable op-portunity for the individual to be assigned to such a posting.’’. 
SEC. 6206. LATERAL ENTRY INTO THE FOREIGN SERVICE. 
(a) P OLICY OF THE UNITED STATES .—It is the policy of the United States to maximize the ability of the Foreign Service to draw upon the talents of the American people to most effectively promote the foreign policy interests of the United States. (b) FINDING .—Congress finds that— (1) the Foreign Service practice of groom-ing generalists for careers in the Foreign Service, starting with junior level directed assignments, is effective for most officers; and (2) the practice described in paragraph (1) precludes the recruitment of many patriotic, highly-skilled, talented, and experienced mid-career professionals who wish to join public service and contribute to the work of the Foreign Service, but are not in a position to restart their careers as entry-level gov-ernment employees. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Foreign Service should permit mid-career entry into the Foreign Service for qualified individuals who are willing to bring their outstanding talents and experiences to the work of the Foreign Service. (d) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a 3-year pilot program for lateral entry into the For-eign Service that— (1) targets mid-career individuals from the civil service and private sector who have skills and experience that would be ex-tremely valuable to the Foreign Service; (2) is in full comportment with current Foreign Service intake procedures, including the requirement to pass the Foreign Service exam; (3) offers participants in the pilot program placement in the Foreign Service at a grade level higher than FS–4 if such placement is warranted by their education and qualifying experience; (4) requires only 1 directed assignment in a position appropriate to the pilot program participant’s grade level; (5) includes, as part of the required initial training, a class or module that specifically prepares participants in the pilot program for life in the Foreign Service, including con-veying to them essential elements of the practical knowledge that is normally ac-quired during a Foreign Service officer’s ini-tial assignments; and (6) includes an annual assessment of the progress of the pilot program by a review board consisting of Department officials with appropriate expertise, including em-ployees of the Foreign Service, in order to evaluate the pilot program’s success and di-rection in advancing the policy set forth in subsection (a) in light of the findings set forth in subsection (b). (e) A
NNUAL REPORTING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the duration of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congres-sional committees that describes— (1) the cumulative number of accepted and unaccepted applicants to the pilot program established under subsection (d); (2) the cumulative number of pilot program participants placed into each Foreign Serv-ice cone; (3) the grade level at which each pilot pro-gram participant entered the Foreign Serv-ice; (4) information about the first assignment to which each pilot program participant was directed; (5) the structure and operation of the pilot program, including— (A) the operation of the pilot program to date; and (B) any observations and lessons learned about the pilot program that the Secretary considers relevant. (f) L
ONGITUDINAL DATA.—The Secretary shall— (1) collect and maintain data on the career progression of each pilot program partici-pant for the length of the participant’s For-eign Service career; and (2) make the data described in paragraph (1) available to the appropriate congressional committees upon request. SEC. 6207. REEMPLOYMENT OF ANNUITANTS. 
(a) W AIVER OF ANNUITY LIMITATIONS .—Sec- tion 824(g) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4064(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘to fa-cilitate the’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Afghanistan,’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). (b) R
EPEAL OF SUNSET PROVISION .—Section 61(a) of the State Department Basic Authori-ties Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2733(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of State may waive the application of section 8344 or 8468 of title 5, United States Code, on a case- by-case basis, for employment of an annu-itant in a position in the Department of State for which there is exceptional dif-ficulty in recruiting or retaining a qualified employee, or when a temporary emergency hiring need exists.’’. 
SEC. 6208. CODIFICATION OF ENHANCED CON-SULAR IMMUNITIES. 
Section 4 of the Diplomatic Relations Act (22 U.S.C. 254c) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The President’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The President’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) C
ONSULAR IMMUNITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, with the concurrence of the Attorney Gen-eral, may, on the basis of reciprocity and under such terms and conditions as the Sec-retary may determine, specify privileges and immunities for a consular post, the members of a consular post, and their families which result in more favorable or less favorable treatment than is provided in the Vienna Convention. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .—Before exercising the authority under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with the appropriate congres-sional committees on the circumstances that may warrant the need for privileges and im-munities providing more favorable or less fa-vorable treatment than is provided in the Vi-enna Convention.’’. 
SEC. 6209. ACCOUNTABILITY REVIEW BOARD RECOMMENDATIONS RELATED TO UNSATISFACTORY LEADERSHIP. 
Section 304(c) of the Diplomatic Security Act (22 U.S.C. 4834(c)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respec-tively; (2) by striking ‘‘Whenever’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) B
REACH OF DUTY .—Whenever’’; (3) by striking ‘‘In determining’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) F
ACTORS .—In determining’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) U
NSATISFACTORY LEADERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) G
ROUNDS FOR DISCIPLINARY ACTION .— Unsatisfactory leadership by a senior official with respect to a security incident involving loss of life, serious injury or significant de-struction of property at or related to a United States Government mission abroad may be grounds for disciplinary action. ‘‘(B) R
ECOMMENDATION .—If a Board finds reasonable cause to believe that a senior of-ficial provided unsatisfactory leadership (as described in subparagraph (A)), the Board may recommend disciplinary action subject to the procedures set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2).’’. 
SEC. 6210. PERSONAL SERVICES CONTRACTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary may establish a pilot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.031 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3125 May 24, 2016 
program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Program’’) for hiring United States citizens or aliens as personal services contractors. Personal services contractors hired under this section may provide services in the United States and outside of the United States to respond to new or emerging needs or to augment existing services. (b) C
ONDITIONS .—The Secretary may hire personal services contractors under the Pro-gram if— (1) the Secretary determines that existing personnel resources are insufficient; (2) the period in which services are pro-vided by a personal services contractor under the Program, including options, does not ex-ceed 2 years, unless the Secretary deter-mines that exceptional circumstances justify an extension of up to 1 additional year; (3) not more than 200 United States citi-zens or aliens are employed as personal serv-ices contractors under the Program at any time; and (4) the Program is only used to obtain spe-cialized skills or experience or to respond to urgent needs. (c) S
TATUS OF PERSONAL SERVICE CONTRAC -
TORS .— (1) N
OT A GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEE .—Subject to paragraph (2), an individual hired as a per-sonal services contractor under the Program shall not, by virtue of such hiring, be consid-ered to be an employee of the United States Government for purposes of any law adminis-tered by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment. (2) A
PPLICABLE LAW .—An individual hired as a personal services contractor pursuant to this section shall be covered, in the same manner as a similarly-situated employee, by— (A) the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); (B) chapter 73 of title 5, United States Code; (C) sections 201, 203, 205, 207, 208, and 209 of title 18, United States Code; (D) section 1346 and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code; and (E) chapter 21 of title 41, United States Code. (3) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Except as provided in paragraphs (1) and (2), nothing in this sec-tion may be construed to affect the deter-mination of whether an individual hired as a personal services contractor under the Pro-gram is an employee of the United States Government for purposes of any Federal law. (d) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to award personal services contracts under the Pro-gram shall terminate on September 30, 2019. (2) E
FFECT ON EXISTING CONTRACTS .—A con- tract entered into before the termination date set forth in paragraph (1) may remain in effect until the date on which it is scheduled to expire under the terms of the contract. 
SEC. 6211. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT TO FEDERAL WORKFORCE FLEXIBILITY ACT. 
Chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 5753(a)(2)(A), by inserting ‘‘, excluding members of the Foreign Service other than chiefs of mission and ambas-sadors at large’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (2) in section 5754(a)(2)(A), by inserting ‘‘, excluding members of the Foreign Service other than chiefs of mission and ambas-sadors at large’’ before the semicolon at the end. 
SEC. 6212. TRAINING SUPPORT SERVICES. 
Section 704(a)(4)(B) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4024(a)(4)(B)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘language instructors, lin-guists, and other academic and training spe-cialists’’ and inserting ‘‘education and train-ing specialists, including language instruc-tors and linguists, and other specialists who perform work directly relating to the design, delivery, oversight, or coordination of train-ing delivered by the institution’’. SEC. 6213. LIMITED APPOINTMENTS IN THE FOR-EIGN SERVICE. 
Section 309 of the Foreign Service Act (22 U.S.C. 3949), is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘sub-section (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (b) and (c)’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘if continued service’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘if— ‘‘(A) continued service’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘or ‘‘(B) the individual is serving in the uni-formed services (as defined in section 4303 of title 38, United States Code) and the limited appointment expires in the course of such service’’; (C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (D) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) in exceptional circumstances if the Secretary determines the needs of the Serv-ice require the extension of— ‘‘(A) a limited noncareer appointment for a period not to exceed 1 year; or ‘‘(B) a limited appointment of a career can-didate for the minimum time needed to re-solve a grievance, claim, investigation, or complaint not otherwise provided for in this section.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c)(1) Noncareer employees who have served for 5 consecutive years under a lim-ited appointment may be reappointed to a subsequent noncareer limited appointment if there is at least a 1-year break in service be-fore such new appointment. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may waive the 1-year break requirement under paragraph (1) in cases of special need.’’. 
SEC. 6214. HOME LEAVE AMENDMENT. 
(a) L ENGTH OF CONTINUOUS SERVICE  A
BROAD .—Section 903(a) of the Foreign Serv-ice Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4083) is amended by inserting ‘‘(or after a shorter period of such service if the member’s assignment is termi-nated for the convenience of the Service)’’ after ‘‘12 months of continuous service abroad’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional committees that re-counts the number of instances during the 3- year period ending on such date of enact-ment that the Foreign Service permitted home leave for a member after fewer than 12 months of continuous service abroad. 
SEC. 6215. FOREIGN SERVICE WORKFORCE STUDY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that contains the re-sults of a study on workforce issues and challenges to career opportunities pertaining to tandem couples in the Foreign Service. 
SEC. 6216. REPORT ON DIVERSITY RECRUITMENT, EMPLOYMENT, RETENTION, AND PROMOTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary should pro-vide oversight to the employment, retention, and promotion of underrepresented groups. (b) A
DDITIONAL RECRUITMENT AND OUT-
REACH REQUIRED .—The Department should conduct recruitment activities that— (1) develop and implement effective mecha-nisms to ensure that the Department is able effectively to recruit and retain highly qualified candidates from minority-serving institutions; and (2) improve and expand recruitment and outreach programs at minority-serving insti-tutions. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quadrennially thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit a comprehensive report to Congress that describes the efforts, con-sistent with existing law, including proce-dures, effects, and results of the Department since the period covered by the prior such re-port, to promote equal opportunity and in-clusion for all American employees in direct hire and personal service contractors status, particularly employees of the Foreign Serv-ice, to include equal opportunity for all races, ethnicities, ages, genders, and service- disabled veterans, with a focus on tradition-ally underrepresented minority groups. 
SEC. 6217. FOREIGN RELATIONS EXCHANGE PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) E XCHANGES AUTHORIZED .—Title I of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 63. FOREIGN RELATIONS EXCHANGE PRO-GRAMS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary may es-tablish exchange programs under which offi-cers or employees of the Department of State, including individuals appointed under title 5, United States Code, and members of the Foreign Service (as defined in section 103 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3903)), may be assigned, for not more than one year, to a position with any foreign gov-ernment or international entity that permits an employee to be assigned to a position with the Department of State. ‘‘(b) S
ALARY AND BENEFITS .— ‘‘(1) M
EMBERS OF FOREIGN SERVICE .—During a period in which a member of the Foreign Service is participating in an exchange pro-gram authorized pursuant to subsection (a), the member shall be entitled to the salary and benefits to which the member would re-ceive but for the assignment under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) N
ON-FOREIGN SERVICE EMPLOYEES OF  
DEPARTMENT .—An employee of the Depart-ment of State other than a member of the Foreign Service participating in an exchange program authorized pursuant to subsection (a) shall be treated in all respects as if de-tailed to an international organization pur-suant to section 3343(c) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(3) F
OREIGN PARTICIPANTS .—The salary and benefits of an employee of a foreign gov-ernment or international entity partici-pating in a program established under this section shall be paid by such government or entity during the period in which such em-ployee is participating in the program, and shall not be reimbursed by the Department of State. ‘‘(c) N
ON-RECIPROCAL ASSIGNMENT .—The Secretary may authorize a non-reciprocal as-signment of personnel pursuant to this sec-tion, with or without reimbursement from the foreign government or international en-tity for all or part of the salary and other ex-penses payable during the assignment, if it is in the interests of the United States. ‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to— ‘‘(1) authorize the appointment as an offi-cer or employee of the United States of— ‘‘(A) an individual whose allegiance is to any country, government, or foreign or international entity other than to the United States of America; or ‘‘(B) an individual who has not met the re-quirements of sections 3331, 3332, 3333, and 7311 of title 5, United States Code, or any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.031 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3126 May 24, 2016 
other provision of law concerning eligibility for appointment as, and continuation of em-ployment as, an officer or employee of the United States.’’. TITLE LXXIII—CONSULAR AUTHORITIES 
SEC. 6301. INFORMATION ON PASSPORTS, EXPE-DITED PASSPORTS, AND VISAS ISSUED BY CONSULAR AFFAIRS. 
The President’s annual budget submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, shall identify— (1) the number of passports, expedited pass-ports, and visas issued by Consular Affairs during the 3 most recent fiscal years; and (2) the number of passports, expedited pass-ports, and visas that Consular Affairs esti-mates, for purposes of such annual budget, will be issued during the next fiscal year. 
SEC. 6302. PROTECTIONS FOR FOREIGN EMPLOY-EES OF DIPLOMATIC MISSIONS AND INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 203(a)(2) of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1375c(a)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; and (2) by adding at the end of the following: ‘‘(B) C
REDIBLE EVIDENCE OF ABUSE OR EX -
PLOITATION .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), credible evidence that 1 or more employ-ees of a mission or international organiza-tion have abused or exploited 1 or more non-immigrants holding an A–3 visa or a G–5 visa should be deemed to exist if— ‘‘(i) a final court judgment, including a de-fault judgment, has been issued against a current or former employee of such mission or organization, and the time period for ap-peal of such judgment has expired; ‘‘(ii) a nonimmigrant visa has been issued pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(T) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(T)) to the victim of such abuse or exploitation; or ‘‘(iii) the Secretary has requested that a country waive diplomatic immunity for a diplomat or a family member of a diplomat to permit criminal prosecution of the dip-lomat or family member for the abuse or ex-ploitation. ‘‘(C) T
RAFFICKING IN PERSONS REPORT .—If credible evidence is deemed to exist pursuant to subparagraph (B) for a case of trafficking in persons involving the holder of an A–3 visa or a G–5 visa, the Secretary shall include a concise summary of such case in the next an-nual report submitted under section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)). ‘‘(D) P
AYMENT OF JUDGMENT .—If a holder of an A–3 visa or a G–5 visa has obtained a final court judgment finding such holder was a victim of abuse or exploitation by an em-ployee of a diplomatic mission or inter-national organization, the Secretary should assist such victim in obtaining payment on such judgment, including by encouraging the country that sent the employee to such mis-sion or organization to provide compensation directly to such victim.’’. 
SEC. 6303. BORDER CROSSING FEE FOR MINORS. 
Section 410(a)(1)(A) of title IV of the De-partment of State and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 1999 (division A of Public Law 105–277) is amended by striking ‘‘a fee of $13’’ and inserting ‘‘a fee equal to one-half of the fee that would otherwise apply for proc-essing a machine readable combined border crossing identification card and non-immigrant visa’’. 
SEC. 6304. SIGNED PHOTOGRAPH REQUIREMENT FOR VISA APPLICATIONS. 
Section 221(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘his application, and shall furnish copies of his photograph signed by him’’ and inserting ‘‘his or her application, and shall furnish copies of his or her photograph’’. SEC. 6305. ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION OF DO-MESTIC VIOLENCE INFORMATION TO VISA APPLICANTS. 
Section 833(a)(5)(A) of the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthor-ization Act of 2005 (8 U.S.C. 1375a(a)(5)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) Subject to such regulations as the Secretary of State may prescribe, mailings under this subparagraph may be transmitted by electronic means.’’. 
SEC. 6306. AMERASIAN IMMIGRATION. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 584 of the Foreign Op-erations, Export Financing, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 1988 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is repealed effective September 30, 2017. (b) E
FFECT ON PENDING VISA APPLICA -
TIONS .— (1) A
DJUDICATION .—An application for a visa under the provision of law repealed by subsection (a) that was properly submitted before October 1, 2017, by an alien described in subsection (b)(1)(A) of such provision of law or an accompanying spouse or child may be adjudicated in accordance with the terms of such provision of law. (2) A
DMISSION .—If an application described in paragraph (1) is approved, the applicant may be admitted to the United States during the 1-year period beginning on the date on which such application was approved. 
SEC. 6307. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT TO THE IM-MIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT. 
Section 212(a)(3)(G) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(G)) is amended by striking ‘‘in violation of section 2442 of title 18, United States Code’’ and in-serting ‘‘(as described in section 2442(a) of title 18, United States Code)’’. TITLE LXXIV—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 6401. REPORTS ON EMBASSY CONSTRUC-TION AND SECURITY UPGRADE PROJECTS. 
(a) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a com-prehensive report to the appropriate congres-sional committees regarding all embassy construction projects and major embassy se-curity upgrade projects completed during the 10-year period ending on the date of the enactment of this Act, including, for each such project— (1) the initial cost estimate; (2) the amount actually expended on the project; (3) any additional time required to com-plete the project beyond the initial timeline; and (4) any cost overruns incurred by the project. (b) S
EMI-ANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the submission of the report required under subsection (a), and semi-an-nually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a comprehensive report to the appropriate congressional committees on the status of all ongoing and recently completed embassy construction projects and major embassy se-curity upgrade projects, including, for each project— (1) the initial cost estimate; (2) the amount expended on the project to date; (3) the projected timeline for completing the project; and (4) any cost overruns incurred by the project. 
SEC. 6402. UNITED STATES HUMAN RIGHTS DIA-LOGUE REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with other ap-propriate departments and agencies, shall— (1) conduct a review of all human rights dialogues; and (2) submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees containing the find-ings of the review conducted under para-graph (1). (b) CONTENTS .—The report submitted under subsection (a)(2) shall include— (1) a list of all human rights dialogues held during the prior year; (2) a list of all bureaus and Senate con-firmed officials of the Department of State that participated in each dialogue; (3) a list of all the countries that have re-fused to hold human rights dialogues with the United States; and (4) for each human rights dialogue held to the prior year, an assessment of the role of the dialogue in advancing United States for-eign policy goals. (c) D
EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘human rights dialogue’’ means an agreed upon and regular bilateral meeting between the Department of State and a for-eign government for the primary purpose of pursuing a defined agenda on the subject of human rights. 
SEC. 6403. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FOREIGN CY-BERSECURITY THREATS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Department of State International Cyberspace Policy Strategy (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Strategy’’), which was released in March 2016, states— (A) ‘‘Cyber threats to United States na-tional and economic security are increasing in frequency, scale, sophistication, and se-verity’’; and (B) ‘‘The United States works to counter threats in cyberspace through a whole-of- government approach that brings to bear its full range of instruments of national power and corresponding policy tools – diplomatic, informational, military, economic, intel-ligence, and law enforcement – as appro-priate and consistent with applicable law’’. (2) The 2016 Worldwide Threat Assessment of the U.S. Intelligence Community (‘‘Threat Assessment’’), released on February 6, 2016— (A) names Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea as ‘‘leading threat actors’’ in cyber-space; (B) states ‘‘China continues to have suc-cess in cyber espionage against the US Gov-ernment, our allies, and US companies’’; and (C) states ‘‘North Korea probably remains capable and willing to launch disruptive or destructive cyberattacks to support its polit-ical objectives’’. (3) On April 1, 2015, the President issued Executive Order 13694, entitled ‘‘Blocking the Property of Certain Persons Engaging in Significant Malicious Cyber-Enabled Activi-ties’’. (4) On February 18, 2016, the President signed into law the 2016 North Korea Sanc-tions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–122), which codified into law the policy set forth in Executive Order 13694. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) threats in cyberspace from state and nonstate actors have emerged as a serious threat to the national security of the United States; (2) the United States Government should use all diplomatic, economic, legal, and mili-tary tools to counter cyber threats; and (3) the United States Government should impose economic sanctions under existing authorities against state and nonstate actors that have engaged in malicious cyber-en-abled activities. (c) S
EMI-ANNUAL REPORTS ON CYBERSECU -
RITY AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE UNITED  S
TATES AND CHINA.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.031 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3127 May 24, 2016 
and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees, with a classified annex if necessary, that describes the status of the implementation of the cybersecurity agreement between the United States and the People’s Republic of China, which was concluded on September 25, 2015, including an assessment of the People’s Republic of China’s compliance with its commitments under the agreement. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act or any amendment made by this Act may be construed as authorizing the use of military force for any purpose, including as a specific authorization for the use of mili-tary force under the War Powers Resolution (Public Law 93–148; 50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), or as congressional intent to provide such au-thorization. 
SEC. 6404. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE REPORTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT ON THE ISRAELI -PALES -
TINIAN PEACE , RECONCILIATION AND DEMOC -
RACY FUND.—Section 10 of the Palestinian Anti-Terrorism Act of 2006 (Public Law 109– 446; 22 U.S.C. 2378b note) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b). (b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON ASSISTANCE PRO-
VIDED FOR INTERDICTION ACTIONS OF FOREIGN  C
OUNTRIES .—Section 1012 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (22 U.S.C. 2291–4) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (c); and (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (b). (c) R
EPORTS RELATING TO SUDAN .—The Sudan Peace Act (Public Law 107–245; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) by striking section 8; and (2) in section 11, by striking subsection (b). (d) A
NNUAL REPORT ON OUTSTANDING EX-
PROPRIATION CLAIMS .—Section 527 of the For-eign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 (Public Law 103–236; 22 U.S.C. 2370a) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsections (g), (h), and (i) as subsections (f), (g), and (h), respec-tively. 
SEC. 6405. SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE RELEASE OF INTERNATION-ALLY ADOPTED CHILDREN FROM THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In September 2013, the Government of the Democratic Republic of Congo suspended the issuance of exit permits to children adopted by international parents. (2) In February 2016, after continuous ef-forts by the Department of State, the Presi-dent, and Congress, the Government of the Democratic Republic of Congo began issuing exit permits to internationally adopted chil-dren and committed to reviewing all unre-solved cases by the end of March 2016. (3) As of March 31, 2016, more than 300 chil-dren had been authorized to apply for exit permits, but many adopted children remain stranded in the Democratic Republic of Congo, including at least two children adopt-ed by Wisconsin families. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—The Senate— (1) urges the Government of the Demo-cratic Republic of Congo to complete its re-view of all unresolved international adoption cases as soon as possible; and (2) calls upon the United States Govern-ment to continue to treat the release of internationally adopted children from the Democratic Republic of Congo as a priority until all cases have been resolved. SEC. 6406. COMMUNICATION WITH GOVERN-MENTS OF COUNTRIES DESIGNATED AS TIER 2 WATCH LIST COUNTRIES ON THE TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not less frequently than annually, the Secretary shall provide, to the foreign minister of each country that has been designated as a ‘‘Tier 2 Watch List’’ country pursuant to section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b))— (1) a copy of the annual Trafficking in Per-sons Report; and (2) information pertinent to such country’s designation, including— (A) confirmation of the country’s designa-tion to the Tier 2 Watch List; (B) the implications associated with such designation and the consequences for the country of a downgrade to Tier 3; (C) the factors that contributed to the des-ignation; and (D) the steps that the country must take to be considered for an upgrade in status of designation. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING COMMU -
NICATIONS .—It is the sense of Congress that, given the gravity of a Tier 2 Watch List des-ignation, the Secretary should communicate the information described in subsection (a) to the foreign minister of any country des-ignated as being on the Tier 2 Watch List. 
SEC. 6407. AUTHORITY TO ISSUE ADMINISTRA-TIVE SUBPOENAS. 
Section 3486 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (ii) in clause (iii), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) an offense under section 878, or a threat against a person, foreign mission, or organization authorized to receive protec-tion by special agents of the Department of State and the Foreign Service under section 37 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2709), if the Assistant Secretary for Diplomatic Security or the Di-rector of the Diplomatic Security Service de-termines that the threat constituting the of-fense or threat against the person or place protected is imminent, the Secretary of State; or ‘‘(v) an offense under chapter 75, the Sec-retary of State,’’; (B) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘para-graph (1)(A)(i)(II) or (1)(A)(iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)(II), (iii), (iv), or (v) of paragraph (1)(A)’’; and (C) in paragraph (10), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘As soon as practicable fol-lowing the issuance of a subpoena under paragraph (1)(A)(iv), the Secretary of State shall notify the Attorney General of its issuance.’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘unless the action or inves-tigation arises’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘unless the action or investigation— ‘‘(A) arises’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or if authorized’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) directly relates to the purpose for which the subpoena was authorized under paragraph (1); or ‘‘(C) is authorized’’. 
SEC. 6408. EXTENSION OF PERIOD FOR REIM-BURSEMENT OF SEIZED COMMER-CIAL FISHERMEN. 
Section 7(e) of the Fishermen’s Protective Act of 1967 (22 U.S.C. 1977(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2008’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. SEC. 6409. SPECIAL AGENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 37(a)(1) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2709(a)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) conduct investigations concerning— ‘‘(A) illegal passport or visa issuance or use; ‘‘(B) identity theft or document fraud af-fecting or relating to the programs, func-tions, and authorities of the Department of State; or ‘‘(C) Federal offenses committed within the special maritime and territorial jurisdic-tion of the United States (as defined in sec-tion 7(9) of title 18, United States Code), ex-cept as that jurisdiction relates to the prem-ises of United States military missions and related residences;’’. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amend-ment made by subsection (a) may be con-strued to limit the investigative authority of any Federal department or agency other than the Department of State. 
SEC. 6410. ENHANCED DEPARTMENT OF STATE AUTHORITY FOR UNIFORMED GUARDS. 
The State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a et seq.) is amend-ed by inserting after section 37 (22 U.S.C. 2709) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 37A. PROTECTION OF BUILDINGS AND AREAS IN THE UNITED STATES BY UNIFORMED GUARDS. 
‘‘(a) E NFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES FOR UNI-
FORMED GUARDS .—The Secretary of State may authorize uniformed guards of the De-partment of State to protect buildings and areas within the United States for which the Department of State provides protective services, including duty in areas outside the property to the extent necessary to protect the property and persons in that area. ‘‘(b) P
OWERS OF GUARDS .—While engaged in the performance of official duties as a uni-formed guard under subsection (a), a guard may— ‘‘(1) enforce Federal laws and regulations for the protection of persons and property; ‘‘(2) carry firearms; and ‘‘(3) make arrests without warrant for any offense against the United States committed in the guard’s presence, or for any felony cognizable under the laws of the United States, to the extent necessary to protect the property and persons in that area, if the guard has reasonable grounds to believe that the person to be arrested has committed or is committing such felony in connection with the buildings and areas, or persons, for which the Department of State is providing protective services. ‘‘(c) R
ULEMAKING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Home-land Security, may prescribe regulations necessary for the administration of buildings and areas within the United States for which the Department of State provides protective services. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTIES .—Subject to subsection (d), the regulations prescribed under paragraph (1) may include reasonable penalties for vio-lations of the regulations. ‘‘(3) P
OSTING .—The regulations prescribed under paragraph (1) shall be posted and shall remain posted in a conspicuous place on each property described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(d) P
ENALTIES .—A person violating a reg-ulation prescribed under subsection (c) shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned for not more than 6 months, or both. ‘‘(e) A
TTORNEY GENERAL APPROVAL .—The powers granted to uniformed guards under this section shall be exercised in accordance with guidelines approved by the Attorney General. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.031 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3128 May 24, 2016 
‘‘(f) R ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER AUTHORITY .— Nothing in this section may be construed to affect the authority of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Administrator of General Services, or any Federal law en-forcement agency.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 24, 2016, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding the role of Sanctions Under the Iran Deal.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 24, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of The Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Multistakeholder Plan for Transitioning the Internet Assigned Number Authority.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 24, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Debt versus Equity: Corporate Integration Considerations.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 24, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S.-India Relations: Balancing Progress and Managing Expectations.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 24, 2016, at 2:15 p.m., in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 24, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON FISHERIES , WATER , AND 
WILDLIFE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife of the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 24, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled, ‘‘Erosion of Exemptions and Ex-pansion of Federal Control Implemen-tation of the Definition of Waters of the United States.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the defense legislative fellow in my office, Senior MSG Trey Walker, be granted floor privileges for the duration of the con-sideration of the National Defense Au-thorization Act. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXPRESSING APPRECIATION OF THE GOALS OF AMERICAN CRAFT BEER WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 473, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 473) expressing appre-ciation of the goals of American Craft Beer Week and commending the small and inde-pendent craft brewers of the United States. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 473) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. tomorrow, Wednesday, May 25; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of S.J. Res. 28, with the time equally divided between opponents and proponents until 11 a.m., with Senator S
HAHEEN control-ling 10 minutes of the proponents’ time; finally, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII and the CRA, all time on S.J. Res. 28 be deemed ex-pired at 11 a.m. tomorrow. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:43 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, May 25, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MY6.031 S24MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE773 May 24, 2016 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SCOTT H. PETERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I oppose Sec. 1094 of this bill. The language included in the underlying bill is dangerously vague, and allows contractors, or any entity that receives federal funds, to discriminate based on the faulty guise of reli-gious exemption. Since ‘‘religious corporation’’ is undefined by the bill or by courts, this provision applies too broadly. Let’s be clear—a ‘‘religious corporation’’ could range from a religious institution like a church to a corporation with a religious CEO. Therefore, any vaguely religious organiza-tion or corporation receiving federal funds could legally discriminate against LGBT Ameri-cans if they feel like hiring them violates their religious beliefs. A corporation with a religious CEO could decide not to hire, or to fire, LGBT people. A religious university could fire employees with no religious job requirement, such as a sci-entist or custodial worker, simply because they are LGBT. Tax-payer dollars should not be used to fund discrimination. Last year, I offered an amendment to the Transportation Appropriations Bill that affirmed President Obama’s executive order prohibiting federal contractors from discriminating based on sexual orientation and gender identity. My amendment passed with a near super- majority, including 60 Republicans. I believe all of my colleagues can agree on these two things—the federal government should not infringe on religious freedom, nor should we do business with groups that dis-criminate. No American should be fired, denied a job or a place to live because of who they are or who they love. I urge my colleagues to stand on the side of equality and against discrimination and op-pose this provision. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 SPEECH OF  
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposi-tion to the amendment to H.R. 4909, the Fis-cal Year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act offered by Mr. C
ALVERT . This amendment requires the Department of Defense to report on the structure and size of its civilian and contractor workforce. This reporting require-ment is a continuation of misguided assaults on the federal workforce which delivers capa-bilities needed to build back readiness and support operations. Furthermore, it adds an unneeded layer of bureaucracy with redundant reporting requirements. The information called for in this provision is already provided in eight separate statutes and this additional burden is unjustifiable. Not only is the report duplicative and unnec-essary, the ‘‘findings’’ section is littered with misinformation and subjective clauses. It is yet another transparent attempt to attack civilian and contracted personnel, who have borne a disproportionate share of the fiscal burden lev-ied on the Department of Defense. The first ‘‘finding’’ states in no uncertain terms that the civilian workforce has reduced the Depart-ment’s capabilities, a statement that is mali-ciously inaccurate. Civilian personnel provide a cost-effective workforce and contribute unique capabilities to our national security at home and abroad, particularly in key areas such as intelligence and cyber operations. For these reasons I am strongly opposed, as is the Department of Defense, to the inclu-sion of the reporting requirement and hope to work with my colleagues in conference to ad-dress this biased and unnecessarily punitive amendment. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 18, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer a bipartisan amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I am proud to have my colleagues, Rep-resentatives S
AMJOHNSON of Texas and D AN L
IPINSKI of Illinois, supporting this amendment. Our amendment seeks to expand access to on-the-job training programs for service mem-bers transitioning out of the military. Specifi-cally, the amendment directs the Undersecre-tary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness to study the success of the relatively new De-partment of Defense (DOD) program known as Job Training, Employment Skills Training, Apprenticeships, and Internships, or JTEST– AI, which is an initiative pursuant to DOD In-struction No. 1322.29. The amendment also requires the Undersecretary to issue guidance to unit commanders encouraging them to allow more service members separating from the armed forces to participate in a JTEST–AI initiative—provided, of course, that unit readi-ness is not impaired. One particular initiative formed pursuant to JTEST–AI is the SkillBridge Initiative. Although SkillBridge and all other JTEST–AI initiatives are still nascent, they are already showing promising results. According to preliminary DOD statistics, more than 4,500 service mem-bers have successfully participated in SkillBridge training; there are approximately 40 programs currently in operation; and almost all graduates have received jobs as a result of participation in these initiatives. In fact, 18 SkillBridge training programs have a hiring rate of 100 percent of graduates, and another 8 programs have a hiring rate of more than 85 percent. Organizations participating in these pro-grams span every sector of the workforce. Sponsoring entities include private companies, labor unions, and even government agencies. These programs are popular with transitioning service members, and currently there are more applications from service members than can be accommodated. Our amendment sim-ply seeks to have DOD conduct a comprehen-sive study so that the initiatives may be im-proved and access may be expanded, as ap-propriate. Our outgoing service members have skill sets that are unique but that can easily be honed and adapted to a certain field or appli-cation if given access to on-the-job training. Given the sacrifices our women and men in uniform have made for us all, we should strive to make their transition to civilian life as smooth and successful as possible. I urge my colleagues to support this bipar-tisan amendment designed to help our transitioning service members gain meaningful employment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MY8.003 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE774 May 24, 2016 
HONORING FLORENCE SHUTSY- REYNOLDS AND THE WOMEN AIRFORCE SERVICE PILOTS 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute the service of Florence Shutsy-Rey-nolds, who served her country with great honor and distinction in World War II as a member of the Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASPs). The WASPs stepped up and an-swered the call of duty at a time when their country needed them most, with no expecta-tion of praise or recognition. When the U.S. military needed more male pilots, these women signed up to fly noncom-bat missions so that their male counterparts could be deployed in combat. Florence Shutsy-Reynolds was one of these brave women who stood up to serve her country. When she was still in grade school in Dun-bar, Pennsylvania, she told her parents she wanted to learn how to fly. Her parents laughed at the time, but in 1941, Shutsy-Rey-nolds became the first woman to earn her pi-lot’s license at the local Connellsville airport. Not yet old enough to meet the minimum age requirement of 21, she wrote letter after letter to the director of the WASPs until the age re-quirement was lowered to 18 and she was permitted to apply. She then took the military oath, endured six rigorous months of training, and flew aircraft that were damaged in the war, at times pieces of her planes falling off mid-flight. These brave women flew more than 60 million miles, trained male pilots for com-bat, test piloted aircraft, and 38 gave the ulti-mate sacrifice to our country, perishing in the line of duty. After the war ended, Shutsy-Reynolds re-mained committed to her comrades by helping lead the charge for WASP members to receive veteran status, and later, a Congressional Gold Medal. She also assisted with designing the WASP flag, which has 38 stars in memory of the 38 women who died serving our coun-try. Ms. Shutsy-Reynolds has never stopped ad-vocating for the respect she and her fellow WASPs are due for their critical role in the war effort. Even to this day, at 92 years of age, Shutsy-Reynolds is still fighting for recognition and military benefits for the WASPs. Mr. Speaker, Florence Shutsy-Reynolds and the Women Airforce Service Pilots truly lived in the wind and sand, with their eyes on the stars, and I thank them for their service to our country. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE COMMERCIAL BANK OF GRAYSON’S 125TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the leaders of The Commercial Bank of Grayson on 125 years of financial service to the people of Carter Coun-ty and the surrounding area. The Commercial Bank of Grayson began business in early 1891, filling a void as Gray-son had no financial institution. On May 1, 1891, the bank’s first available statement of condition showed total assets of over $15,000. The need for the bank and its acceptance by the community was demonstrated by its early success. The first cash dividend was paid to stockholders in 1894. Since that date, a cash dividend has been paid every year. No addi-tional stock has ever been sold; increases have come through retained earnings. Twenty-six local citizens invested in the original capital stock of the bank. Dr. John Wil-son Strother was the principal stockholder and became the chairman of the bank’s first Board of Directors and the bank’s first president. He was also an active physician, farmer and lay preacher. Dr. Strother served as bank presi-dent until his death on January 8, 1935. Today, his great-great-grandson, Mark Strother serves as the bank’s president and chief executive officer. This fifth-generation banker and his executive team works with a staff of 70 professionals whose top priority re-mains the same as it was in 1891—quality service for their customers and communities. Since the bank began business during the term of Benjamin Harrison, it has served its customers continuously. The doors of The Commercial Bank have remained open through recessions, money panics, and the Great Depression. The Commercial Bank has continued to provide its customers with a wide array of financial services. Times have changed and so have the products desired by, and made available to, customers. The Com-mercial Bank has remained at the forefront of the financial industry’s modernization in order to better serve current customers and attract new ones. Today, the bank remains inde-pendent and locally-owned, as well as being Grayson’s second oldest business. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the spirit of entrepreneurship, partnership, and achieving the American Dream. For 125 years, The Commercial Bank of Grayson has created jobs and supported local businesses in their effort to help make Carter County a better place to live. I com-mend the vision of the founders and those who continue to support the mission of this in-stitution and their dedication to serve the peo-ple of Eastern Kentucky and the Appalachian region. f 
CHRISTIAN LIEHR 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Christian Liehr for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Christian Liehr is an 8th grader at Moore Middle School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Christian Liehr is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Christian Liehr for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. f 
RECOGNIZING MR. JOHN LAZARSKY UPON RECEIVING LIFETIME MEMBERSHIP WITH THE AMERICAN LEGION POST 473 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my privi-lege to honor Mr. John Lazarsky for receiving lifetime membership after his 50 years of in-volvement with the American Legion Post 473 in Freeland, Pennsylvania. The American Le-gion was chartered and incorporated by Con-gress in 1919 and has continually worked to advance core principles aimed at promoting the well-being of current and former service members, the communities in which they re-side, and the next generation of patriotic Americans. John has time and again exempli-fied this spirit, and after 50 years of dedicated engagement, has become an integral part of Post 473’s commitment to the service mem-bers, veterans, and civilians in my district. After graduating from Freeland High School where he excelled as a two-sport athlete in basketball and baseball, John was drafted into the U.S. Army. John was stationed in Ger-many from 1964 to 1966, and upon his return to Pennsylvania, he joined Post 473. Having served at various levels within his local post, John knows firsthand the impact that the American Legion can have for service mem-bers and veterans. A strong sense of obliga-tion to community, state, and nation are the underpinnings of all legionnaires, and John’s service has provided innumerable contribu-tions at each of these levels. Mr. Speaker, it is with great admiration that I recognize Mr. John Lazarsky upon receiving lifetime membership in the American Legion Post 473 after 50 years of selfless engage-ment. The American Legion’s success de-pends on active participation in the post and volunteerism in the community, both of which have been embodied by John’s dedication to Post 473. I wish him all the best as he con-tinues to work on behalf of all legionnaires and their communities. 
f 
STATEMENT RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF CAP SERVICES 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate the 50th anniversary of CAP Services. For fifty years CAP Services has valiantly fought on the front lines of the war on poverty by empowering individuals to become economically and emotionally self-sustainable. To empower individuals, CAP Services has of-fered a rich variety of programs designed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24MY8.001 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE775 May 24, 2016 
train and educate workers for higher employ-ment, ensure equal childhood development opportunities, and foster environments suitable to entrepreneurship and homeownership. In addition to providing educational and training opportunities to both adults and chil-dren, CAP Services also provides innovative programs to low income families so that they may better participate in the economy. One such example is their Work-n-Wheels program where CAP Services provides interest free car loans to individuals who need reliable trans-portation to get to work. Another innovative program CAP Services provides is their Home Weatherization program where they help low income families reduce heating costs and im-prove energy efficiency by enabling individuals to weatherproof their homes or apartments. Empowering individuals to become finan-cially independent through human, child, and business development is one of the most effi-cient ways to lift people out of poverty. I am proud to have this Stevens Point based com-munity action agency in Wisconsin’s Third Congressional District and I hope the great work they are conducting will serve as a model for the rest of the country. 
f 
RESTORE THE VOTE 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to address the ongoing problem of voter suppression in this country. The Voting Rights Act was passed in 1965 and sadly today—over 50 years later, Americans con-tinue to be blocked from the ballot box. This ongoing suppression absolutely must stop— now. Congress must lead the way in uphold-ing democracy and equal rights in this great nation. This is why I’m so proud to join my col-leagues and serve as co-chair of the first ever Congressional Voting Rights Caucus. The importance and great need of the Con-gressional Voting Rights Caucus cannot be overstated. The purpose of the Congressional Voting Rights Caucus is to educate the public on local voter suppression tactics, inform con-stituents on their rights as voters and to create and advance legislations such as the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015 that help prevent current and future discriminatory and suppressive tactics that would deny American citizens the sacred right to vote. This 2016 Election will be the first time in over 50 years—that a presidential election will occur without the full protections of the Voting Rights Act. As a daughter of Selma, Alabama, I am painfully aware that injustices suffered on the Edmund Pettus Bridge over 50 years ago have not been fully vindicated. Though we may not be counting marbles in a jar, in over 30 states such as Alabama, Arizona, North Carolina, Texas and Wisconsin—there re-mains example after example of modern day barriers that are keeping eligible Americans from the ballot box. We are desperately in need to join together and restore the vote. These threats to our de-mocracy and civil rights bar thousands of Americans from their right to the voting polls. Along with Representative M
ARC VEASEY and my fellow colleagues, I am committed to push for improving and strengthening Voting Rights legislation that makes voting easier, not harder for the American people. I believe this Caucus is a symbol of great hope for change, how-ever—I do look forward to the day it is no longer needed. This is America, this is a de-mocracy and eligible voters should have full and free access to the polls. I ask that not only members of this new Caucus, but that all my colleagues stand up and speak out in order to restore the vote. We all must fight against voter suppression and discrimination at the polls. We all must protect the principles of this great country and the in-tegrity of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. We must restore the vote. On this Restoration Tuesday, I give us all the charge to battle against the continued sup-pression of the American vote and stand strong by our principles of democracy, liberty and justice for all. Mr. Speaker, my Repub-lican colleagues should join the 168 members of Congress and support H.R. 2867—the Vot-ing Rights Advancement Act of 2015. Let’s re-store the Voting Rights Act of 1965. It is the right thing to do. f 
NATONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SCOTT H. PETERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 18, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, today I rise to sup-port a simple, but important effort that every-one in this chamber can agree on. My amendment adds to this bill a Sense of Congress that when practical and cost-effec-tive, the DoD should seek ways to maximize the number of veterans employed to build mili-tary construction projects. Many members of this chamber, on both sides of the aisle, have stood on this floor and championed the cause of hiring veterans. It’s a policy that we’ve incentivized private corporations to do, and criticized employers for not doing it, or doing improperly. It makes sense that if we are going to be good stewards of tax dollars, that we should encourage that money is used to hire vet-erans. We’re talking about good jobs here—jobs that take valuable skills, determined initiative, and produce pride in a job well done. This is not intended to add any burden to the DoD or their military construction projects, but it’s a reminder that oftentimes, we have skilled veteran laborers that live near these projects and are ideal candidates for the job. If Congress is going to continue its efforts to support our veterans as they transition out of the military and back into the civilian world, then voting in favor of this amendment is a no brainer. Support this amendment and join me in showing that our military readiness can often best be built by those who know how impor-tant that readiness is when fighting for our freedom. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 18, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer a bipartisan amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. My amendment seeks to protect our children and teens from access to opioids in hopes of reducing the number of individuals we see addicted to heroin and other drugs. This amendment directs the Secretary of Defense to study the feasibility and effective-ness of dispensing opioid medications in vials using affordable technologies designed to pre-vent access to stored medications by anyone other than the intended patient. Today, our prescription pill bottles use what are generally referred to as ‘‘child-resistant’’ standards but today’s teens have remarkably easy access to pain medications that are stronger and more addictive than those of the past. It is not unusual for today’s youth to find these opioids in the medicine cabinets of fam-ily members or friends. Technologies like lock-ing prescription vials (LPVs) are already on the market and are a cheap efficient way to reduce the likelihood that our children and teens start down the path to addiction. The implementation of child-resistant stand-ards generated a 45 percent reduction in mor-tality rates. It is my hope that a feasibility study conducted by the Department of De-fense would show additional benefits stem-ming from the implementation of more ad-vanced LPVs. I urge my colleagues to protect our youth from this epidemic and support my amend-ment. 
f 
TAIWAN PRESIDENTIAL INAUGURATION 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on May 20, the 23 million people of Taiwan inaugurated their democratically elected president, Dr. Tsai Ing-wen. It was a nation-wide celebration. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating President Tsai on her election. I also congratulate the people of Taiwan for suc-cessfully conducting another presidential elec-tion. They continue to show that their country is a strong and vibrant democracy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24MY8.017 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE776 May 24, 2016 
This latest presidential election is further proof of the Taiwanese people’s enduring commitment to the ideas of freedom, self-de-termination and self-government. These prin-ciples are the foundation on which both our nations were built, providing the basis for long- term peace and prosperity. Taiwan is also an important friend and stra-tegic economic and security partner of the United States. We should celebrate the reaffir-mation of the ties that bind our two countries. I look forward to working together with Tai-wan’s new government to further strengthen the U.S.-Taiwan relationship. 
f 
DAYSIAH M CPHERSON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Daysiah McPherson for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Daysiah McPherson is an 8th grader at Moore Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Daysiah McPherson is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Daysiah McPherson for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
KARI’S LAW ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4167, Kari’s Law Act of 2015. H.R. 4167 addresses a very serious prob-lem. The bill requires Multi-Line Telephone Systems to provide direct dialing to 9–1–1. The bill is named after Kari Hunt who was tragically murdered by her estranged husband in a hotel room while her daughter tried and failed to dial 9–1–1 because the Multi-Line Telephone System required a prefix to be dialed first. When you dial 9–1–1 from a hotel or of-fice—when seconds matters—you shouldn’t have to dial ‘‘9’’ or some other prefix to get help. I strongly support the overall goals of this bill. However, location accuracy for Multi-Line Telephone Systems is just as important. First responders have to know exactly where an in-dividual is calling from, especially if the caller is unable to communicate to the dispatcher, or the caller simply doesn’t know where they are. If first responders have to spend time search-ing buildings, going door to door, that can be the difference between life and death. During the subcommittee and full committee markups of H.R. 4167, I offered an amend-ment to require a location accuracy pro-ceeding at the Federal Communications Com-mission (FCC) within 180 days of enactment of the bill. Unfortunately, my Republican col-leagues did not agree to accept my amend-ment, and instead proposed language requir-ing the FCC to conduct a Notice of Inquiry (NOI) to solicit public comment on requiring lo-cation accuracy for Multi-Line Telephone Sys-tems. I did not accept this proposal because I do not think an NOI moves the ball forward. That view is shared by the FCC and the public safety community. Ultimately, I withdrew my amendment following a commitment from the Chairman of the Communications and Tech-nology Subcommittee, Representative GREG W
ALDEN that he would work with me on loca-tion accuracy technology. The FCC has studied location accuracy technology for Multi-Line Telephone Systems since 1994, and as recently as 2012 Congress directed the FCC to issue a Public Notice Seeking Comment on the feasibility of Multi- Line Telephone Systems to provide the pre-cise location of a 911 caller. This was included in Section 6504(b) of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 and was modeled on legislation I introduced with my colleague and fellow co-chair of the NextGen 9–1–1 Caucus, Representative S
HIMKUS , known as the Next Generation 911 Advance-ment Act of 2012. Despite the extensive history surrounding lo-cation accuracy, the FCC has failed to take action to require this essential technology in Multi-Line Telephone Systems. To wait any longer for action is simply an excuse and a costly one because lives are at stake. I recently introduced H.R. 5236, the Re-questing Emergency Services and Providing Origination Notification Systems Everywhere (RESPONSE) Act, which would require the Federal Communications Commission to com-plete a proceeding requiring all Multi-Line Telephone Systems to provide first responders with the precise location of a 9–1–1 caller. I’m hopeful my colleagues will work with me to pass this important bill. Although H.R. 4167 does not address the critical issue of location accuracy, it is none-theless a step in the right direction that will save lives and make real progress. For these reasons I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4167. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COLORADO’S FOURTH CONGRESSIONAL DIS-TRICT MILITARY APPOINTMENTS 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize this year’s Military Appointees from Colorado’s Fourth Congressional district. America’s brave men and women in uniform have always been our nation’s greatest asset. These individuals make an incredible sacrifice for our country and they deserve our utmost support for their service. It is with great pleas-ure that I endorse the following individuals to attend some of our nation’s most prestigious institutions. To the United States Air Force Academy, I nominate Jack Beebe, Kelly Grier, Rebecca Kholos, and Andrew Voydat. To the United States Merchant Marine Academy, I nominate Micah Grissom and Kyleigh Kappas. To the United States Military Academy, I nominate Angus Pfister-Paradice and Levi Walters. To the United States Naval Academy, I nominate Andriann Oakley. Our nation owes no greater debt of gratitude than to those who fight to protect our freedom and liberty. They, and their families, should be commended. On behalf of the 4th Congres-sional District of Colorado, I extend my best wishes to these individuals. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize these appointees for their commitment to pro-tect and serve our nation. f 
CONGRATULATING LISA NIEVES 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to congratulate Lisa Nieves on earning the 2016 Illinois Mother of the Year award. Over eighty years ago, a group of powerful moms, including Eleanor Roosevelt and Mamie Eisenhower, started American Mothers to champion the importance of motherhood and recognize mothers for their leadership at home, at work, and in the world. Each year, American Mothers honors one outstanding mother in each state. This year, Lisa was chosen as the Illinois Mother of the Year. I am proud to represent Lisa and the many hard-working moms in my district. As a mother of five, Lisa spends the major-ity of her time shuttling her children to and from dance lessons, music lessons, and tum-bling classes. While she has very little time to spare, she selflessly uses her free time to help empower young women by putting on local pageants to teach girls the importance of self- confidence. I am thankful for the many important con-tributions and sacrifices mothers like Lisa make every day. She is more than deserving of the Mother of the Year award and I wish her and her family many happy years to come. 
f 
H.R. 5003, ‘‘IMPROVING CHILD NU-TRITION AND EDUCATION ACT OF 2016’’ 
HON. RUBE´N HINOJOSA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, Chairman K
LINE and Ranking Member S COTT , I regret that I could not be present for the Education and Workforce Committee’s full committee markup of H.R. 5003 on May 18th, 2016 due to the death of my nephew, a beloved minister who worked tirelessly to provide services to many struggling families across the Rio Grande Valley of South Texas. As a senior member of the Education and Workforce Committee and a longtime cham-pion of federal child nutrition programs, I be-lieve that Congress must reauthorize federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24MY8.019 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE777 May 24, 2016 
child nutrition programs through a strong bi-partisan reauthorization bill. Signed into law by President Harry S. Truman in 1946, the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act cre-ated the National School Lunch Program (NSLP) ‘‘as a measure of national security, to safeguard the health and well-being of the Na-tion’s children.’’ Serving 7.1 million students annually in 1946, the program has grown to over 30 million students per day in 2015. For many students in congressional districts like mine, having access to nutritious meals is extremely important. Today, approximately 15 million children live in households facing food insecurity and receive a majority of their cal-ories for the day at school. The Community Eligibility provision in current law provides free, nutritious meals to 8.5 million low-income children in 18,000 higher-poverty schools and eliminates the burdensome application require-ments for districts, schools, and families. Under this provision, high-poverty school dis-tricts are able to offer universal school meals to all students without the addition of complex paperwork for families, as long as the school district demonstrates that 40 percent of their students already qualify for other federally cer-tified free meals programs, such as the Sup-plemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP). Had I been present at the full committee markup, I would have joined my House Demo-cratic colleagues in expressing concerns and opposing H.R. 5003, the ‘‘Improving Child Nu-trition and Education Act of 2016.’’ This highly partisan bill contains harmful provisions that would make it more difficult for low-income schools to feed their students. We must keep in mind that nutrition programs for children and families impact our nation’s economy, na-tional security, and classrooms. Our most vul-nerable children and families deserve more from the federal government, which I have al-ways believed has a responsibility to help those most in need. To be sure, H.R. 5003 is a misguided piece of legislation that would weaken the nutrition safety net for our nation’s students and fami-lies. I am deeply concerned that this bill sig-nificantly alters the Community Eligibility Provi-sion (CEP), lacks meaningful investments for the Summer Electronic Benefit Transfer pro-gram, adds barriers to the school meals verification process, and rolls back important evidenced-based criteria to school nutrition standards. By passing the Republican proposed 2016 CNR legislation, the CEP threshold would be raised to 60 percent and cause too many vul-nerable students, including up to nearly 47,000 students in my district, to potentially lose access to free school meals. These dis-tricts do not have the framework, funding or capacity to deal with the considerable amount of administrative work that comes with in-creasing the CEP. For these reasons, I will continue to urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 5003 in its cur-rent form and instead work to ensure that chil-dren and families have access to robust fed-eral nutrition programs. My Democratic col-leagues and I strongly believe that Congress must work to address food insecurity and hun-ger in America by making it easier for more needy children to access federal child nutrition programs. Our nation’s most vulnerable chil-dren deserve nothing less. RECOGNIZING MARINE CORPORAL JASON HALLETT 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the service and sacrifice made by Ma-rine Corporal Jason Hallett. On October 23rd, 2010, Corporal Hallet was serving as part of the 3rd Battalion, 5th Marine in Sangin, Afghanistan. While clearing a com-pound of IEDs, a device detonated, severely injuring Corporal Hallet. In the explosion he lost both legs above the knees, his right arm above the elbow, and suffered severe damage to his left hand. Under heavy fire from insur-gents, Corporal Hallett was carried across an open field and transported back to the closest Forward Operating Base (FOB) where life-saving measures were performed. During medical treatment and rehabilitation, Corporal Hallet never lost the motivation and dedication to succeed. Since returning to his home in Colorado, Corporal Hallet has begun studying finance at Colorado State University, a passion he developed during his recovery. It is inspiring to see the dedication Corporal Hallet shows to helping fellow veterans. Cor-poral Hallet embodies the values that make America exceptional. He has shown true lead-ership in his community, and the impact of his story has been profound. He is an inspiration to us all. I would like to extend my sincerest thanks for his service and continued efforts to improve the lives of veterans. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Ma-rine Corporal Jason Hallett for his commitment to family, community, and the United States of America. 
f 
HANNAH HOFFMAN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Hannah Hoff-man for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Hannah Hoffman is an 8th grader at Moore Middle School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Hannah Hoffman is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Han-nah Hoffman for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Monday, May 23, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 229 and ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 230. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for Roll Call vote Number 229 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass the Bill (H.R. 4889), the Kelsey Smith Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING STUDENTS ENTERING OUR ARMED FORCES 
HON. RICHARD L. HANNA 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise today to honor high school graduates from the Broome-Tioga Board of Cooperative Edu-cational Services area who are entering the United States Armed Forces. These young men and women have made an admirable de-cision to defend our country. I join the Conklin Kiwanis Club in honoring them. The Conklin Kiwanis Club will hold a special celebration to honor these graduating high school seniors. ‘‘The First to Say Thank You’’ event will take place on Tuesday, May 24th at Susquehanna Valley High School in Conklin. Mr. Speaker, I would ask you join me in honoring the following students entering the Army National Guard: Sabrina Robinson, Afton; Cydney Mallory, Chenango Valley; Jon-athan White, Downsville; Tyler Festa, Dryden; Debick Wilson, Harpursville; Chris Thornton, Oneonta; Jacob Johannessen-Butler, Roscoe; Kaitlyn Howard, Sherburne-Earlville; Rebecca Urda, Trumansburg; Dan Spring, Tully; Zach Abdullah, Windsor; Zach Emmons, Windsor. Honoring the students entering the United States Air Force: Katherine M. Colwell, New Milford, PA; Ryan T. Simmons, Chenango Forks. Honoring the students entering the United States Army: Sean Sousa, Binghamton; Dylan Bean, Candor; Dylan Jumper, Chenango Forks; Izaiah Cabello, Chenango Valley; Mi-chael Doan, Chenango Valley; Nicholas Mace, Chenango Valley; Donald Moore, Chenango Valley; Robert McDowell, Hancock; Ashlyn Dudek, Harpursville; Tyler Lavergne, Harpursville; Joshua Wagoner, Johnson City; Sydney Aleba, Whitney Point; Nytice Saun-ders, Whitney Point; Mr. Isaac Hyde, Windsor; Mr. Jefrey Colwell, Windsor. Honoring the students entering the United States Marines: Joseph Cardenas, Afton; Ray Zukowsky, Bainbridge; Rebecca Wlasiuk, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.004 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE778 May 24, 2016 
Bainbridge; Dylan Frey, Chenango Forks; Shawn Hurd, Binghamton; Cordell Deperiis, Chenango Forks; Nathan Deordio, Chenango Forks; Alex Lent, Cortland; Jacob Gombas, Dryden; Chris Lum, Greene; Derek McWeeney, Franklin; Ian Stoddard, Homer; Zachary Hulbert, Homer; Dylan Bush, Homer; Daniel Sager, Maine-Endwell; Stephanie Wales, Marathon; Alex Wilcox, Newark Valley; Kasimeir Card, Newark Valley; Raymond Wright, McGraw; Nicholas Murphy, Norwich; Robert Meek, Oxford; Tyler Phillips, Roxbury; Robert Kozak, South Kortright; Samuel Cohen, Sidney; Michael Pelicci, Susquehanna High School (PA); Trevor Passetti, Susquehanna High School (PA); Cody ODell, Susquehanna High School (PA); Lucian Derzanovich, Sus-quehanna Valley; James Fish, Susquehanna Valley; Drake Winnicki, Unadilla Valley; Dwight Cook, Unadilla Valley; Dominic Spinelli, Union- Endicott; Lauryl Pheil, Union-Endicott; Anthony Johnson, Union-Endicott; Alex Gaskin, Union- Endicott; Michael Kakusian, Vestal; Zachary Simerson, Whitney Point; Dante Pultz, Wind-sor. Honoring the students entering the United States Navy: Abigail Proppe, Binghamton; Robert Crisell, Deposit; Ian Scaglione, Groton; Isaiah Brand, Johnson City; Mark Nicosia, Johnson City; Kevin Finkbeiner, Maine- Endwell; Benjamin Judkiewicz, Maine-Endwell; Shea Osovski, Maine-Endwell; Austin Fiske, Marathon; Matthew Harrington, Norwich; Sam-uel Rickenback, Vestal. Honoring the students entering the United States Coast Guard: Liam Cornell, Union-En-dicott. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SCOTT H. PETERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 18, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, Iran is a chief sponsor of international terrorism and regularly threatens to obliterate Israel, our most impor-tant ally in the region. Those who supported the agreement last year to keep Iran from ob-taining a nuclear weapon understood that the JCPOA does not eliminate all of Iran’s threats to the United States and our partners in the Middle East. My amendment would take further steps to support our allies in the region and crack down on Iranian aggression. By vocalizing our support for working with Israel, the Gulf Cooperation Council, Jordan, and Egypt to build an integrated missile de-fense system, we can build off of the success of Israel’s existing missile defense network. I support the funding authorizations included in this year’s defense budget that will continue to support Israel’s missile defense program. Through a smart, targeted approach with our partners, we can continue to counter Ira-nian aggression and promote security. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. f 
HONORING THE EL PASO YOUTH SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rise today in recognition of the 23rd Anni-versary of the El Paso Youth Symphony Or-chestra (EPYSO), presided over by Maestro Phillip Gabriel Garcia of my district in El Paso, Texas. I am pleased to recognize EPYSO as an innovative youth group dedicated to serving the El Paso community through their hard work and musical talents. Since 1993, EPYSO has provided young El Pasoans who are passionate about music an opportunity to perform in El Paso and commu-nities throughout the United States with the in-tention of raising awareness about social jus-tice issues. EPYSO has performed at various El Paso venues, including the Child Crisis Center, the Battered Women Shelter, Fort Bliss, and the La Fe Community Health Cen-ter. Most recently, EPYSO performed at the University of Texas at El Paso’s Sun Bowl sta-dium during Pope Francis’ historic February 2016 visit to Ciudad Juarez, Mexico. This summer, EPYSO will embark on the ‘‘America United Tour’’, where they will perform in New York City and in Washington, D.C. With over 250 concerts performed and 3,500 musicians hosted, EPYSO instills a sense of pride and confidence in young indi-viduals through their personal achievements as musicians. I am proud that programs such as EPYSO exist in my district, and I am con-fident that EPYSO will serve as a positive role model in helping to inspire youth to serve their communities. 
f 
CONNOR DENNY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Connor Denny for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Connor Denny is an 8th grader at North Ar-vada Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Connor Denny is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Con-nor Denny for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. IN RECOGNITION OF THE SISTER JEANNE FELION AND THE 5TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CARL R. HANSEN TEEN CENTER HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 40th anniversary of Sister Jeanne Felion as Executive Director at the Stanford Settlement Neighborhood Center. Ad-ditionally, I rise today to recognize the 5th an-niversary of the Carl R. Hansen Teen Center and of Erika Elizarrara´s, a social worker who is celebrating her 5th anniversary working at the Teen Center. As the friends and sup-porters of Sister Jeanne Felion and the Stan-ford Settlement Neighborhood Center gather to celebrate these milestones, I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring her leadership in the Sacramento region. It is a great pleasure to recognize Sister Jeanne Felion. Thanks to her leadership and vision over the past four decades, Stanford Settlement Neighborhood Center continues to be a valuable community resource providing social services to thousands of people in our North Sacramento communities. Programs of-fered benefit the health and well-being of all and include senior and children services, neighborhood outreach, and emergency as-sistance. The Sisters of Social Services began the Stanford Settlement Neighborhood Center 80 years ago when they took charge of the former residence of Governor Leland Stanford. The Sisters later moved their programs to the Gardenland Northgate area. Their work was instrumental in obtaining City water, parks, street lights, sidewalks and gutters for the area. The facility grew to include both the Sis-ter Jeanne Felion Senior Center and the Carl R. Hansen Teen Center. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to Sister Jeanne Felion and to the Stanford Set-tlement Neighborhood Center as they cele-brate Sister Jeanne’s 40th anniversary as ex-ecutive director. While Stanford Settlement Neighborhood Center’s staff, supporters, and friends gather together to celebrate Sister Jeanne and the 5th anniversary of the Carl R. Hansen Teen Center, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring her outstanding work in providing the community with much-needed social services. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 229, I would like to be recorded as voting Yea. On Roll Call 230, I would like to be recorded as voting Yea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.008 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE779 May 24, 2016 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RUBE´N HINOJOSA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present in the House chamber for cer-tain roll call votes this past week. Had I been present on May 17 through 19, 2016, I would have voted ‘aye’ for roll calls 198, 203, 204, 210, 212, 213, 215, 221, 223, 226 and 228 and ‘nay’ on roll calls 196, 197, 199, 200, 201, 202, 205, 206, 207, 208, 209, 211, 214, 216, 217, 218, 219, 220, 222, 224, 225, and 227. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIM HUELSKAMP 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, May 23, 2016, I was not present for roll call vote numbers 229 and 230 due to a family ob-ligation. If I had been in attendance, I would have voted yes on the Kelsey Smith Act, roll call vote 229. On the Securing Access to Net-works in Disasters Act, roll call vote 230, I also would have voted yes. 
f 
HAILEY INNES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Hailey Innes for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Hailey Innes is an 8th grader at Moore Mid-dle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Hailey Innes is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Hailey Innes for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
CONGRATULATING RAY AND KAYSE PAUL ON THEIR 50TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, it is with a sense of joy that I rise today to congratulate Ray and Kayse Paul, two esteemed citizens of Farmers Branch, Texas, on the occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. Ray and Kayse met while at Jerry’s res-taurant in Louisville, Kentucky. This fateful en-counter grew into a blossoming relationship and the two were married on June 11, 1966, at Holy Name Catholic Church in Louisville. Early in their marriage, Ray worked as an accountant, and Kayse as an administrative assistant and bookkeeper. They have lived in several states throughout the country, includ-ing Kentucky, Indiana, Ohio, and Texas. The two currently reside in Farmers Branch, where Ray still works part-time as an accountant and Kayse serves as a grant administrator for a non-profit in Dallas. Their half-century of marriage has provided a lifetime of memories and a beautiful family. During their time together, Ray and Kayse have had one son, David, who has given them two grandchildren, Alexander and Elizabeth. As Ray and Kayse’s journey together con-tinues to unfold, may their commitment and devotion to one another continue to serve as an example of how true love and dedication may enrich our lives through the blessings of family and companionship. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in recognizing this truly noteworthy milestone, the 50 year wedding anniversary of Ray and Kayse Paul. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RIVERGATE TERRACE FOR SERVICE TO OUR COMMUNITY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Rivergate Terrace on their 45th anniversary and celebrating the milestone of having served twenty five thou-sand residents. The accomplishment of this long-standing senior care facility exemplifies the importance and strength of healthcare partnerships in our communities. Founded in 1971, Rivergate Terrace and the Rivergate Health Center has become a pillar of service and support in the Riverview com-munity. It has grown throughout the years, and today the combined facility houses over five hundred beds and is the largest employer in the city of Riverview. Rivergate has a strong track record of giving back to the wider com-munity. The Rivergate staff provides edu-cational programming throughout the commu-nity on a wide array of health care topics, vol-unteer at local churches, community centers, and hospitals, and host the annual Downriver Arthritis Walk which attracts hundreds of walk-ers and raises critical resources for Arthritis research each year. Serving the community is at the heart of what Rivergate does, both on the clock, and off the clock. Since its founding, Rivergate has held itself to the highest standards of excellence to en-sure that our community continues to have a high quality skilled care facility to turn to. They offer twenty four hour a day, seven day a week, three hundred and sixty five day a year high quality individualized services and pro-gramming. The services offered at Rivergate run the spectrum of challenges that our sen-iors face today, with the goal of getting resi-dents the care they need to lead the fullest and most productive lives imaginable. The Rivergate team takes pride in the fact that over two hundred and fifty patients return home after rehabilitation services each year. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in honoring Rivergate Terrace and the Rivergate Health Center on serving twenty five thousand people on their 45th Anniversary. We wish them many years of continued suc-cess and service in our community. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE BRIDESBURG BOYS & GIRLS CLUB 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Bridesburg Boys & Girls Club which opened its doors in 1941. Originally built as a Boys Club by Otto Haas and the neighboring Rohm and Haas Plant as a place where boys could socialize, it included a game room, a wood shop, a leather crafts shop, a boxing room and a gymnasium. Sports were the main activity. There was a baseball field adjacent to the building and an iron fence surrounded the property. Girls were not permitted. Girls were invited to become members in the mid 70’s and the name was changed to Bridesburg Boys & Girls Club. The club has become one of the best youth service agen-cies in Philadelphia. In the late 70’s a capital campaign for funds resulted in a new, larger gymnasium being built. Rohm & Haas deeded the property to the Boys & Girls Club in 1984. Gone is the baseball field, replaced in the mid 80’s by a regulation size outdoor hockey rink and parking lot. In 1997 the vegetable garden was tended for the last time and the Lil’ Club-house was built adjacent to the existing facil-ity. During the summer of 1998, in a combined effort with KABOOM and Nike—and a lot of help from the employees of Rohm and Haas and Sunoco—a preschool playground was built in two days. The summer of 1999 had the club building again—this time it was a skate park, complete with eleven ramps for skateboards, bikes and rollerblades. Riverside Skate Park opened in September, 1999, clos-ing in the spring of 2002. This would not have been possible if Rohm and Haas had not leased the ground, formerly an employee parking lot, to the Boys & Girls Club. Many changes have taken place at the Club over the years, the most recent with Samsung and HDTV performing a complete makeover in the original wood shop, a/k/a art room, teen lounge and conference room, turning it into an exciting teen center, complete with new win-dows, furniture, tablets and a flat screen. Thanks to Comcast Cares, the art room was moved into a newly renovated space on the ground level, the teen center was freshly painted and the lavatory facilities have been expanded and improved. The gym and hall-way received a complete makeover and the Cymbala Literacy Center was remodeled, complete with new computers, furniture, win-dows and air conditioning. The Club offers a wholesome environment in a friendly setting, enhancing the quality of life of the members by providing educational support, physical fitness programs, cultural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.012 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE780 May 24, 2016 
and recreational activities, vocational develop-ment and guidance. It instills a feeling of im-portance in the members while helping build character and leadership abilities. After-school child care and preschool day care support the needs of working parents. Our preschool program is committed to pro-moting quality child care that contributes to in-creased social and emotional development, learning skills and school readiness. The Sum-mer Career Exploration Program provides on- the-job experience to teenagers for a six week period. All teenagers are invited to apply for summer employment, beginning with the com-pletion of job applications and being called in for an interview. The interview process itself teaches teens valuable life skills in obtaining employment, especially how to present oneself at an interview. It also provides self-esteem and self-awareness. Leadership abilities are enhanced when a youth is placed in a job, has a say in decision making and becomes re-sponsible for their performance. A sense of pride is established when a teenager can say ‘‘I did a good job today.’’ Adult participants act as mentors for the teens. The youth involved in this program attend workshops covering topics such as peer pressure, conflict resolu-tion and substance abuse prevention, to name just a few. Summer camp is a well-rounded, ten-week program offering each child opportunities that may not be afforded to them if they stayed home with a babysitter. Campers receive breakfast, lunch and a snack each day and all go on one trip a week to places like the FunPlex, The Academy of Natural Sciences, The Franklin Institute and the Brunswick Zone. The Club offers a computer program, arts and crafts, environmental education and other ac-tivities designed to instill creativeness and pride in our children. Anti-violence workshops teach the youngsters to respect themselves and others. Children are taught that they can make the world a better place by believing we are all members of the same race—the human race. They learn to protect the environment by recycling, to improve literacy by reading and to help others by performing club related commu-nity service. The Club also has a scholarship program which provides small financial gifts to college bound members. Keystone and Torch encour-ages children to stay in school and guides them in career and vocational choices. The Club is also a worksite for the Juvenile Justice System and many youth perform court-ordered community service there. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in recog-nizing the Bridesburg Boys & Girls Club, an organization that has been proudly serving the youth of Philadelphia’s neighboring commu-nities for over 75 years, demonstrating in so many ways that they are an organization that truly lives up to their motto, Great Futures Start Here. 
f 
IAN DONALDSON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Ian Donaldson for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Ian Donaldson is an 8th grader at Moore Middle School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Ian Donald-son is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ian Donaldson for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present for votes taken last Wednesday and Thursday, May 18–19, due to a family health emergency. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call Vote Number 200 (Passage of H. Res. 735): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 201 (Adoption of the Previous Question on H. Res. 736): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 202 (Passage of H. Res. 736): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 203 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1014 to H.R. 4909 offered by Rep. D
AVID MCKINLEY ): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 204 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1016 to H.R. 4909 offered by Rep. J
ERROLD NADLER ): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 205 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1019 to H.R. 4909 offered by Rep. T
EDPOE): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 206 (Table the Ap-peal of the Ruling of the Chair): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 207 (Passage of H.R. 5243, the Zika Response Appropriations Act, 2016): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 208 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1029 to H.R. 4909 offered by Rep. K
ENBUCK): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 209 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1030 to H.R. 4909 offered by Rep. J
OHN FLEMING ): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 210 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1033 to H.R. 4909 offered by Rep. B
ARBARA LEE): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 211 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1034 to H.R. 4909 offered by Rep. J
ARED POLIS): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 212 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1036 to H.R. 4909 offered by Rep. K
EITH ELLISON ): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 213 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1037 to H.R. 4909 offered by Rep. K
EITH ELLISON ): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 214 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1041 to H.R. 4909 offered by Rep. M
ARKSANFORD ): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 215 (Motion to Re-commit H.R. 4909): YES. 
Roll Call Vote Number 216 (Passage of H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 217 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1057 to H.R. 4974 offered by Rep. MICK M
ULVANEY ): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 218 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1058 to H.R. 4974 offered by Rep. M
ICK M
ULVANEY ): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 219 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1059 to H.R. 4974 offered by Rep. M
ICK M
ULVANEY ): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 220 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1060 to H.R. 4974 offered by Rep. M
ICK M
ULVANEY ): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 221 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1062 to H.R. 4974 offered by Rep. E
ARL B
LUMENAUER ): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 222 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1063 to H.R. 4974 offered by Rep. J
OHN F
LEMING ): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 223 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1064 to H.R. 4974 offered by Rep. J
ARED HUFFMAN ): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 224 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1075 to H.R. 4974 offered by Rep. P
AUL G
OSAR ): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 225 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1076 to H.R. 4974 offered by Rep. S
COTT PERRY ): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 226 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1079 to H.R. 4974 offered by Rep. S
EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY ): YES. Roll Call Vote Number 227 (Engrossment and Third Reading): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 228 (Passage of H.R. 4974, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017): YES. f 
IN HONOR OF GTI’S 75TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Gas Technology In-stitute (GTI) on its 75th anniversary. Located in the heart of Illinois’ 8th District, GTI is a large part of our community and a pillar of our country’s energy sector. Every day, GTI researchers develop proto-cols, processes, technologies, tools and train-ing solutions which enhance our energy prod-ucts worldwide. Starting with only a dozen staff and barely enough space to conduct a few experiments, GTI quickly grew. Utilizing their robust technical expertise, currently GTI holds over 1,300 patents; including more than 80 patents for fuel cells technology. I have had the opportunity to visit GTI and see firsthand their state-of-the-art facilities and learn about their developments in advanced biofuels. For 75 years, GTI has provided inno-vative solutions to critical energy challenges and improved the way we produce, transport and use energy. I applaud GTI’s success and congratulate them on 75 remarkable years of innovation, leadership and expertise in our energy sector. Illinois is fortunate to be home to such a re-nowned institution. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MR. E. DALE WORTHAM 
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, my colleague the Honorable G
ENE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.016 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE781 May 24, 2016 
GREEN and I would like to honor the memory of a distinguished labor leader: Mr. E. Dale Wortham. Throughout Mr. Wortham’s life, he held a variety of positions, including President of the Harris County Labor Assembly for over 20 years, Vice President/Organizer of IBEW Local 716, and as delegate at many national and state conventions. In these positions, he was on the frontlines in the fight for a living wage and fair working conditions. Mr. Wortham was not only a notable labor leader, but also served on the Harris County Board of Managers for the Harris Health Sys-tem, earning the distinction of the body’s long-est-serving labor representative. Mr. Wortham will be especially remembered for his passion for helping people through the political proc-ess, especially working people. Mr. Speaker, we are blessed to say farewell to a dear friend who is gone but not forgotten. He will be missed dearly by a multitude of family and friends. This family includes Melinda Wortham; son, Stephen Dale Wortham; his sisters, Becky Rogers (George), Leslie Broussard (Jimmy), and Lisa Persky (Ronnie); as well as his brother, Jason Krieg. 
f 
MARIANA MARQUEZ-CASTELLANO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Mariana Marquez-Castellano for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Mariana Marquez-Castellano is an 8th grad-er at North Arvada Middle School and re-ceived this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Mariana Marquez-Castellano is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mar-iana Marquez-Castellano for winning the Ar-vada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF FATHER ED-WARD ARTHUR REESE, S.J., PRESIDENT OF BROPHY COL-LEGE PREPARATORY 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Father Edward Arthur Reese, Presi-dent of Brophy College Preparatory, one of the most prestigious and successful Jesuit educational institutions for young men in Ari-zona. For the past 20 years, Father Reese has been the anchor and backbone of this school and the larger Catholic community in Phoenix. He retires at the end of this aca-demic year and leaves behind a legacy of educational excellence, community service and true dedication to his faith. Father Reese will be remembered for his bold vision, bringing a culture of innovation to the entire Brophy community. The highlights of his vision are reflected in his founding of the Loyola Academy, a 6th, 7th and 8th grade middle school on the Brophy campus which offers a Jesuit education to underserved stu-dents with academic and leadership potential at no cost to them. Additionally he is leaving for St. Ignatius of Loyola High School in San Francisco and tak-ing his legacy of technology in the classroom with faculty and students free to experiment, leaning forward to learn while preparing for the future without fear. We wish Father Reese the very best as he takes on a new challenge and we thank him for his tremendous contribution to our community. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,209,816,164,726.68. We’ve added $8,582,939,115,813.06 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONELLA BROWN WILSON 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Mrs. Donella Brown Wilson, a trail-blazing educator and community leader. Today is her 107th birthday. Born May 24, 1909, in Fort Motte, South Carolina, Mrs. Wilson grew up on the land where her great-grandparents had worked as slaves. As a young girl, she realized that she wanted to teach others to read. She started by teaching herself, studying the pages of the Sears & Roebuck catalog by the light of an oil lamp. Mrs. Wilson achieved this goal in 1933 when she earned her teaching credentials from Allen University in Columbia. She em-barked on a long teaching career, mostly in rural parts of the state, retiring in 1971. In 1931, she married Reverend John R. Wil-son, Sr., who was also an educator. They pur-chased a home in the historic Waverley com-munity of Columbia, where they became com-munity institutions. Mrs. Wilson is a life mem-ber of the NAACP, South Carolina Education Association, Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Inc., and Union Baptist Church. She is a past national superintendent in the United Order of Tents, Inc. In recent years, Mrs. Wilson has become the unofficial historian of Waverley, and her willingness to recount her life experiences has enriched many of us of subsequent genera-tions. The changes Mrs. Wilson has seen over the last 107 years have been remarkable. She played a big part in bringing them about when she was involved in the landmark case Elmore v. Rice in 1947, which successfully challenged the legality of the whites-only Democratic pri-mary in South Carolina. Treasuring this victory and fully understanding the crucial importance of the ballot, she has voted in every election since. Six years ago, I honored Mrs. Wilson’s request that I accompany her as she cast her first vote for me after turning 100. She said in 2012, ‘‘Those of us that live to see how you graduated from and came up the ladder makes us feel that our days, that our prayers and our working in the fields and what not, was not in vain.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my col-leagues join me in wishing Mrs. Wilson a very happy 107th birthday. It is a remarkable mile-stone befitting a remarkable woman. I wish her good health and Godspeed. f 
SPENCER LITTEL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Spencer Littel for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Spencer Littel is a 12th grader at Faith Christian Academy and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Spencer Littel is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Spencer Littel for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THOMAS GARVEY 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Thomas Garvey, a native of Ridley Park, Delaware County, Pennsylvania who served as an Army Ranger and Special Forces officer during the war in Vietnam. A graduate of St. James High School in Chester, Thomas Garvey enlisted in the Army in 1965 in Philadelphia. He volunteered to serve as a paratrooper and eventually entered Officer Candidate School. He earned his Ranger tab and led a Special Force ‘‘A– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.019 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE782 May 24, 2016 
Team’’ detachment along the Vietnam-Cam-bodian border in 1968. Just last year, Garvey completed a book that drew from his experiences in Vietnam. Nearly 50 years in the making, Garvey’s ‘‘Many Beaucoup Magics’’ is his account of the dangers and costs of war as he saw them firsthand. Mr. Speaker, Thomas Garvey will be hon-ored next week at the Ridley Park Memorial Day Ceremony, where he will serve as key-note speaker. I congratulate him on this honor and thank him for his service to our country. 
f 
HONORING MAYOR WILLIAM E. TROXELL OF GETTYSBURG, PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I honor Wil-liam E. Troxell on his May 31, 2016 retirement as Mayor of the Borough of Gettysburg. Mr. Troxell was born in Gettysburg and is a direct descendant of John Troxell, the first set-tler of Gettysburg. He is a World War II Vet-eran and served 12 years in the United States Army Reserve. He returned home to serve in the private sector for many years, and then served for 29 years with the Lincoln Inter-mediate Unit 12 as a teacher, football coach, athletic director, among other positions. Mr. Troxell’s dedication to Gettysburg and its surrounding community is unmatched. He was a member of the Gettysburg Country Club, American Legion Post 202, the Gettys-burg Good Samaritan Masonic Lodge No. 336 and the Fraternal Order of the Eagles Arie 1562. Mr. Troxell is a Licensed Battlefield Guide at Gettysburg National Military Park, served on the National Park Advisory Com-mission and is a member of both the Adams County Historical Society and the U.S.S. Get-tysburg Association. William is best known, however, as Mayor Troxell of Gettysburg; a position he’s held since 1997 and performed with zeal, profes-sionalism and class. His dedication to duty as Mayor of ‘‘America’s Most Famous Small Town’’ has earned him the respect of count-less officials and citizens with whom he’s interacted. William has left an enduring legacy of service to Gettysburg and our Nation. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District and a grateful Nation, I’m proud and humbled to congratulate William E. Troxell on his retirement and wish him great health, happiness and prosperity in his future adventures. 
f 
COMMENDING THE FBI’S KIRK YEAGER FOR BEING NOMINATED A FINALIST FOR THE 2016 SAM-UEL J. HEYMAN SERVICE TO AMERICA MEDAL 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-mend my constituent, Mr. Kirk Yeager, on his commitment to government service and his nomination as a finalist for the 2016 Samuel J. Heyman Service to American Medal. Service to America Medals, or Sammies as they’ve become known, are presented annu-ally by the nonprofit, nonpartisan Partnership for Public Service to honor outstanding federal employees who have made significant con-tributions to our nation. In recognizing their achievements, we not only pay tribute to our dedicated federal workforce, but also promote a culture of innovation and achievement in our government. When there is a terrorist bombing or a new type of explosive poses a threat to the U.S., the FBI primarily turns to one man: Kirk Yeager. Kirk is the FBI’s resident bomb ex-pert; anything that deals with explosives that comes to the FBI, goes to Kirk. Yeager doesn’t just respond to crises. In his daily work, he oversees the bureau’s research focused on getting a better understanding of the explosives terrorists use. He also devel-oped the FBI’s advanced training material on terrorist explosives. As a chemist and an engineer, as well as one of the FBI’s five senior laboratory sci-entists, Kirk has been studying bomb-making for more than 20 years. His goal is to under-stand what ingredients are used, how bombs are made, and how they can be detected. He seeks to use this knowledge to trace devices to specific terrorist organizations or known bomb-makers around the world. As part of his work, he helped start a train-ing program and developed information for bomb technicians across the country, including those employed by private companies. In one instance, the training materials helped a ship-ping company successfully stop a ‘‘lone wolf’’ plot, according to Kirk. He says his biggest challenge is trying to keep up with the evolv-ing nature of the terrorist threat. He will con-tinue to ‘‘reproduce everything that the bad guys do,’’ he said, so he can save lives and ‘‘make a difference and contribute to the broader community.’’ I would like to personally thank Kirk Yeager for his service to our country and for his tire-less work to protect the people of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me once more in recognizing the tremendous contributions of Mr. Kirk Yeager. He is but one of many dedicated federal employees per-forming extraordinary work through the federal government in communities across America each and every day. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for the following votes; however, if I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on the fol-lowing bills: H.R. 4889—Kelsey Smith Act H.R. 4167—Kari’s Law Act of 2016, as amended H.R. 3998—Securing Access to Networks in Disasters Act, as amended H.R. 2589—To amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Commu-nications Commission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commis-sion not later than 24 hours after adoption. f 
PAUL STONE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Paul Stone for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Paul Stone is an 8th grader at Oberon Mid-dle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Paul Stone is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Paul Stone for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. 
f 
DR. JIM W. CAIN 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the fine career and outstanding public service of Dr. Jim Cain, superintendent of Klein ISD. Dr. Cain has devoted over 47 years to the education of our youth, serving as a teacher, coach, assistant principal, principal, instructional officer for technology, director of school administration, assistant superintendent and superintendent. He has devoted his life to education and bettering our community, and it is with great pleasure that I express my admi-ration and gratitude. I offer him my utmost congratulations for his long and successful ca-reer. Dr. Cain began his career as a teacher, in his home state of Illinois, after graduating from the University of Illinois in 1969. He then made one the best decisions of his life, he moved to the great state of Texas and in 1978 he took his first job at Klein ISD at Benfer Ele-mentary. He has served in many different roles during his 36 years with the district, 12 of those as superintendent. Dr. Cain has achieved recognition and numerous awards at the local, state and federal level for his leader-ship and hands on involvement in the success of the students at Klein ISD. Last Thursday, at the Klein ISD staff banquet, he received the Lifetime Achievement Award. His dedication has earned him the respect and admiration of the teachers, staff and students under his su-pervision as well as the community. His intel-lect, eagerness, and vision will be sincerely missed by not only Klein, but the many other communities that he has touched. Dr. Cain is a dedicated family man, having been married to his wife Susan for 39 years, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.023 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE783 May 24, 2016 
and the proud father of two adult children; Ross and Ashley. Dr. Cain and Susan are looking forward to traveling and spending time with their four grandchildren. On behalf of the Second Congressional Dis-trict of Texas, I commend this remarkable leader for his exemplary service and dedica-tion to the State of Texas. I thank him for a job well done and I wish him the best of luck in the future as he enters into this new phase of life. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on May 18, 2016, due to a family emergency I was absent for recorded votes 206 through 216. I would like to reflect how I would have voted if I were here: On Roll Call Number 206 I would have voted no, On Roll Call Number 207 I would have voted no, On Roll Call Number 208 I would have voted no, On Roll Call Number 209 I would have voted no, On Roll Call Number 210 I would have voted yes, On Roll Call Number 211 I would have voted no, On Roll Call Number 212 I would have voted yes, On Roll Call Number 213 I would have voted yes, On Roll Call Number 214 I would have voted no, On Roll Call Number 215 I would have voted yes, and On Roll Call Number 216 I would have voted no. 
f 
TOM RICE MAKES A DIFFERENCE 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I am grateful that Congressman T
OMRICE of South Carolina, with his accounting and legal background, was recognized for his role in determining the unlawful implementation of Obamacare. The following article by Emma Dumain was published May 13, 2016, in the Charleston Post and Courier: 
WASHINGTON —A federal judge on Thursday ruled the Obama administration was improp-erly funding a subsidy program of the Afford-able Care Act, a victory for House Repub-licans who took the unprecedented action nearly two years ago to sue the White House. U.S. Rep. Tom Rice argues that he’s par-tially to thank. The South Carolina Republican doesn’t get much, if any, public credit for being the first member of Congress to broach the idea of fil-ing a lawsuit against President Barack Obama on the grounds he was overstepping the limitations of the executive branch on health care, immigration and other issues. But as Rice tells it, the seeds of the Obamacare lawsuit began with the resolu-tion he introduced in December 2013 at the end of his very first year on Capitol Hill. Rice became bothered by Obama’s alleged circumventing of Congress that summer when the U.S. Supreme Court determined the penalties the health law places on indi-viduals who don’t buy insurance are pro-tected by the Constitution, because they count as taxes. Around that time, Rice, like other Repub-licans, was also reeling over Obama’s deci-sion to delay implementation of the so- called ‘‘employer mandate’’ which requires business owners to provide health insurance for their employees. ‘‘I’m a tax lawyer,’’ Rice told The Post and Courier, ‘‘so I knew that cannot be right. If the president can just willy nilly choose to waive a tax or enforce a tax, then his power is unlimited. He can say, ‘well, I’m not gonna apply the highest tax rate this year. I’m not gonna apply the capital gains tax this year. I’m not gonna apply whatever.’’’ So Rice consulted legal experts on what legislative remedies might exist to hold Obama accountable short of impeachment, which even the staunchest critics of the ad-ministration knew was a political minefield. The result was the STOP Act, short for ‘‘Stop This Over-Reaching President Act.’’ It authorized the House of Representatives to sue the Obama administration in any of the following areas: The delay of the employer mandate, the stays of deportations for cer-tain children of undocumented immigrants, and changes in criteria for receiving welfare. Rice took the resolution to then-House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio. ‘‘I asked him to read it and to my surprise he came back to me within two hours,’’ Rice recalled. ‘‘And he said, ‘a lawsuit against the president? That’s kind of radical, isn’t it?’ So I knew it wasn’t going anywhere fast.’’ But momentum grew, with more co-spon-sors signing onto the STOP Act every time Obama said or did something that perturbed the Republican base. ‘‘I filed it right before Christmas of 2013. And over December the president said, ‘I got a pen and a phone and if you all don’t do what I want you to do I’m gonna do it my-self.’ And I got like 50 co-sponsors the next day,’’ said Rice. ‘‘And then in January he gave the State of the Union address and he said, ‘if you don’t enact my agenda then I’m gonna do it myself.’ I got 15 more co-spon-sors.’’ As 2014 wore on, the pressure was growing on Boehner to allow the House to act. ‘‘He was getting a lot of calls,’’ said Rice, ‘‘so he called me in and said, ‘I need you to help me market this but I’m going to re-file this resolution under my name.’ So he did. He put my resolution aside and filed an en-tirely new resolution.’’ By July, the House voted to authorize a lawsuit in federal court challenging Obama’s delay in implementing the employer man-date. It also targeted the cost-sharing pro-gram between the administration and insur-ance companies which Republicans say Con-gress never approved. On Thursday, a federal district judge in Washington, D.C., ruled in the House’s favor on that second point. The Justice Depart-ment has appealed the ruling, which sets up a prolonged legal battle. Rice said he still feels ‘‘vindicated.’’ ‘‘I’m happy that it moves towards restora-tion of the balance of powers that the fram-ers set up in the Constitution,’’ he said. ‘‘I’m sorry we had to go through this great lengths to make that happen.’’ PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately on May 23, 2016, I missed roll call votes 229 and 230 due to travel delays caused by in-clement weather in traveling from Columbus, Ohio to Washington, D.C. On roll call vote 229, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on final passage of the Kelsey Smith Act, H.R. 4889. On roll call vote 230, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on final passage of the Securing Access to Net-works in Disasters Act, H.R. 3998. 
f 
TAMILA BUTS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Tamila Buts for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Tamila Buts is a 12th grader at Nationwide Academy (Home Schooled) and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversi-ties. The dedication demonstrated by Tamila Buts is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Tamila Buts for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
PEARLAND HIGH SCHOOL’S FRED ARMSTRONG CELEBRATES 35 YEARS OF COACHING 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pearland High School Coach, Fred Armstrong for his 35-year career of coaching track and field. Armstrong graduated from Beaumont French High School and Lamar University, where he attended school on a track scholar-ship. His first job was at Beaumont Charlton- Pollard High School, he then shifted to Clear Lake and Clear Brook High Schools. Eventu-ally working his way to Pearland High School, Armstrong coached multiple state champions. Over his 35 year career in Track and Field, Armstrong has seen the sport evolve firsthand. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations to rec-ognize Fred Armstrong for his 35 years as a track and field coach and mentor to our area’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.027 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE784 May 24, 2016 
young athletes. Thank you for coaching some of the state’s finest athletes. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CARLOS CURBELO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on May 23, I missed votes on account of a family commitment in the district. Had I been present I would have voted as follows: Roll Call 229: I would have voted Yea: H.R. 4889—Kelsey Smith Act. Roll Call: 230: I would have voted Yea: H.R. 3998—Securing Access to Networks in Disas-ters Act. f 
ST. JOHN’S UNITED CHURCH OF CHRIST CELEBRATES THEIR 75TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 24, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the St. John’s United Church of Christ for providing faith and fellowship to the Rosenberg community for 75 years. St. John’s United Church of Christ con-gregation has been a place of worship for generations. St. John’s United Church of Christ had its beginnings in 1941 when Rev-erend William Luthe met in City Hall to de-velop plans for the beginning of an Evan-gelical and Reformed Church in Rosenberg. Since the church opened its doors, there have been six ministers and four interim ministers guiding their congregation in worship. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, I want to congratulate St. John’s United Church of Christ on its 75th anniversary. Thank you again for bringing faith, fellowship and worship to our commu-nity; we look forward to another 75 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MY8.031 E24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D570 Tuesday, May 24, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3063–S3128 Measures Introduced: One bill and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2977, S. Res. 472–473, and S. Con. Res. 40.
                          Page S3101 
Measures Reported: S. 2812, to amend the Small Business Act to re-authorize and improve the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Tech-nology Transfer Program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2831, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to provide priority for applicants for a license to operate as a small business investment company that are located in a disaster area, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2838, to improve the HUBZone program, with amendments. S. 2846, to amend the Small Business Act to ex-pand intellectual property education and training for small businesses. S. 2847, to require greater transparency for Fed-eral regulatory decisions that impact small busi-nesses. S. 2850, to amend the Small Business Act to pro-vide for expanded participation in the microloan pro-gram, with amendments.
                                       Page S3100 
Measures Passed: Department of Labor Fiduciary Rule: By 56 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. 84), Senate passed H. J.Res. 88, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’, after agreeing to the motion to proceed.
                                               Pages S3065–75, S3075–84 
American Craft Beer Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 473, expressing appreciation of the goals of American Craft Beer Week and commending the small and independent craft brewers of the United States.
                                                                              Page S3128 
Measures Considered: Secretary of Agriculture Fish Inspection Rule— Agreement: Senate began consideration of S. J.Res. 28, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Secretary of Agriculture relating to inspection of fish of the order Siluriformes.                                                                                     Pages S3084–91 
By 57 yeas to 40 nays (Vote No. 85), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to consideration of the joint resolution.
                                                  Page S3084 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing for further consideration of the joint reso-lution at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, May 25, 2016, with the time equally divided be-tween opponents and proponents until 11 a.m., with Senator Shaheen controlling ten minutes of the pro-ponent time; and that notwithstanding the provi-sions of rule XXII and the CRA, all time on the joint resolution be deemed expired at 11 a.m. 
                                                                                            Page S3128 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3097 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S3097–98 
Executive Communications:               Pages S3098–S3100 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S3100–01 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3101–02 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3102–04 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3096–97 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3104–28 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3128 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3128 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—85)
                                                                   Page S3084 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:43 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, May 25, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3128.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY6.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D571 May 24, 2016 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEFENSE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense approved for full committee consid-eration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Department of Defense Appropriations’’. APPROPRIATIONS: HOMELAND SECURITY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Homeland Security approved for full com-mittee consideration an original bill entitled, ‘‘De-partment of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, Fiscal Year 2017’’. IRAN DEAL SANCTIONS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine under-standing the role of sanctions under the Iran Deal, after receiving testimony from Juan C. Zarate, Fi-nancial Integrity Network, Mark Dubowitz, Founda-tion for Defense of Democracies Center on Sanctions and Illicit Finance, Michael Elleman, The Inter-national Institute for Strategic Studies, and Elizabeth Rosenberg, Center for a New American Security, all of Washington, D.C. INTERNET ASSIGNED NUMBERS AUTHORITY Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the multistakeholder plan for transitioning the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, after receiving testi-mony from David A. Gross, former Coordinator for International Communications and Information Pol-icy, Department of State, Michael Beckerman, Inter-net Association, Steve DelBianco, NetChoice, and Brett D. Schaefer, The Heritage Foundation, all of Washington, D.C.; Richard Manning, Americans for Limited Government, Fairfax, Virginia; and Andrew Sullivan, Internet Architecture Board, Manchester, New Hampshire. WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife con-cluded a hearing to examine the implementation of the definition of Waters of the United States, after receiving testimony from Don Parrish, American Farm Bureau Federation, and William W. Buzbee, Georgetown University Law Center, both of Wash-ington, D.C.; Damien Schiff, Pacific Legal Founda-tion, Sacramento, California; Valerie Wilkinson, The ESG Companies, Virginia Beach, Virginia; and Scott Kovarovics, Izaak Walton League of America, Gai-thersburg, Maryland. DEBT VERSUS EQUITY Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine debt versus equity, focusing on corporate integration considerations, after receiving testimony from John L. Buckley, former Chief Tax Counsel, House of Representatives Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, D.C.; Jody K. Lurie, Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; John D. McDonald, Baker and McKenzie LLP, Chi-cago, Illinois; and Alvin C. Warren, Harvard Law School, Cambridge, Massachusetts. U.S.-INDIA RELATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States-India relations, focusing on balancing progress and managing expec-tations, after receiving testimony from Nisha Desai Biswal, Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs; and Sadanand Dhume, Amer-ican Enterprise Institute, and Alyssa Ayres, Council on Foreign Relations, both of Washington, D.C. VETERANS AFFAIRS LEGISLATION Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine S. 2919, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide greater flexibility to States in carrying out the Disabled Veterans’ Out-reach Program and employing local veterans’ em-ployment representatives, S. 2896, to eliminate the sunset date for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to expand eligibility for such program, and to extend certain operating hours for pharmacies and medical facilities of the Department, S. 2888, to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry’s review and publi-cation of illness and conditions relating to veterans stationed at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, and their family members, S. 2679, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to establish within the Department of Veterans Affairs a center of excellence in the preven-tion, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabili-tation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits, S. 2520, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the care provided by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to newborn children, S. 2487, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women vet-erans as part of the evaluation of such programs by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY6.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD572 May 24, 2016 
the Secretary, S. 2049, to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a continuing medical edu-cation program for non-Department medical profes-sionals who treat veterans and family members of veterans to increase knowledge and recognition of medical conditions common to veterans and family members of veterans, an original bill to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws admin-istered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, an origi-nal bill to make certain improvements in the provi-sion of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and an original bill to expand eligibility for hospital care and medical services under section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to include veterans in receipt of health services under the pilot program of the Department of Veterans Affairs for rural veterans, after receiving testimony from Sen-ators McCain, Boxer, and Klobuchar; Sloan Gibson, Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs; Michael H. Michaud, Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training Service; Carlos Fuentes, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, Louis J. Celli, Jr., The American Legion, Adrian M. Atizado, Disabled American Veterans, Carl Blake, Paralyzed Veterans of America, and Diane Boyd Rauber, National Organization of Veterans’ Advo-cates, Inc., all of Washington, D.C.; and Master Ser-geant J. M. Ensminger, (Ret.), USMC, Elizabeth-town, North Carolina. BUSINESS MEETING Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 9 public bills, H.R. 5311–5319; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 133; and H. Res. 745–747, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H3093–94 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3094–95 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1769, to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–592, Part 1); and H. Res. 744, providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2012) to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5233) to repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the respective roles of the District government and Congress in the local budget process of the District government, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from May 27, 2016, through June 6, 2016 (H. Rept. 114–593).
                     Pages H3093–94 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:54 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H2971 Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Monday, May 23rd: Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017: H.R. 5077, amended, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intel-ligence-related activities of the United States Gov-ernment, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 371 yeas to 35 nays with 1 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 235.
                                                                          Pages H2988–89 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that the question of motion to concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2576 with an amendment may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20.
                    Page H2989 
Toxic Substances Control Act Modernization Act: The House agreed to the motion to concur in the Senate amendment with an amendment con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–54, modified by the amendment printed in H. Rept. 114–590, in lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the Senate, to H.R. 2576, to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, by a yea-and-nay vote of 403 yeas to 12 nays, Roll No. 238. 
                                                         Pages H2989–H3031, H3046–47 
H. Res. 742, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2576) and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY6.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D573 May 24, 2016 
897) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 238 ayes to 171 noes, Roll No. 234, after the previous ques-tion was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 175 nays, Roll No. 233.
      Pages H2975–81, H2987–88 
Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act: The House passed H.R. 897, to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pes-ticides in or near navigable waters, by a recorded vote of 258 ayes to 156 noes, Roll No. 237. 
                                                                                    Pages H3031–46 
Rejected the Ruiz motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and- nay vote of 182 yeas to 232 nays, Roll No. 236. 
                                                                                    Pages H3044–46 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–53 shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                          Page H3031 
H. Res. 742, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2576) and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 897) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 238 ayes to 171 noes, Roll No. 234, after the previous ques-tion was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 175 nays, Roll No. 233.
       Pages H2975–81 H2987–88 
Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017: The House began consideration of H.R. 5055, making appro-priations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. Consideration is expected to resume to-morrow, May 25th.
                       Pages H3047–57, H3057–92 
Agreed to: Gosar amendment that increases funding, by off-set, for Army Corps of Engineers, Investigations, by $1,000,000;
                                                          Pages H3056–57 
Rodney Davis (IL) amendment that redirects $10,000,000 in funding within the Army Corps of Engineers, Investigations;
                              Pages H3057–58 
Rice (SC) amendment that increases funding, by offset, for Army Corps of Engineers, Construction, by $2,241,850;
                                                           Page H3059 
Graham amendment that increases funding, by offset, for Army Corps of Engineers, Operation and Maintenance, by $3,000,000;
                      Pages H3059–60 
McNerney amendment that increases funding, by offset, for the Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy Program, by $2,000,000;
                           Page H3071 
Bonamici amendment that increases funding, by offset, for the Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy Program, by $9,000,000;
                           Page H3073 Schiff amendment that increases funding, by off-set, for Nuclear Waste Disposal, Department of En-ergy by $19,111,000;
                                              Page H3078 
Langevin amendment that increases funding, by offset, for Weapons Activities, National Nuclear Se-curity Administration, by $5,000,000;
          Page H3082 
Polis amendment that reduces funding for Federal salaries and expenses by $1 million and increases funding for other Defense activities by $500,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3084–85 
Keating amendment that redirects $1,000,000 in funding within the Nuclear Regulatory Commission salaries and expenses;
                                               Page H3087 
Brownley (CA) amendment that prohibits the use of funds in contravention of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3089–90 
Burgess amendment that prohibits the enforce-ment for the use of funds for certain type of light bulbs.
                                                                       Pages H3090–91 
Rejected: Beyer amendment that sought to strike section 108, which prohibits the use of funds by the Corps of Engineers to develop, adopt, implement, admin-ister, or enforce any change to the regulations in ef-fect on October 1, 2012, pertaining to the defini-tions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ for the purposes of the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act (agreed by unanimous consent to withdraw the earlier request for a recorded vote); 
                                                                      Pages H3061–62, H3072 
Beyer amendment that sought to strike section 110, which prohibits the use of funds by the Corps of Engineers to develop, adopt, implement, admin-ister, or enforce any change to the regulations and guidance in effect on October 1, 2012, pertaining to the definition of waters under the jurisdiction of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3062–63 
Garamendi amendment that sought to strike funds for project 99–D–143, mixed oxide fuel fab-rication facility.
                                                  Pages H3082–84 
Withdrawn: DeSaulnier amendment that was offered and sub-sequently withdrawn that would have struck section 111, regarding the possession of firearms at water re-sources development projects;
                             Page H3063 
Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) amendment that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have redirected $25,000,000 in funding within the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Program; 
                                                                                            Page H3072 
Perry amendment that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing, by offset, for Energy Programs, Department of Energy, by $15,000,000;
                                       Page H3073 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY6.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD574 May 24, 2016 
Polis amendment that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have zeroed out the Fossil Energy Research and Development fund and applied the $645,000,000 in savings to the spending reduction account;
                                                     Page H3075 
Katko amendment that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have reduced funding for the Energy Information Administration by $1,500,000 and increased funding for Northern Bor-der Regional Commission by $2,500,000; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3077–78 
Langevin amendment that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing, by offset, for Federal Salaries and Expenses, Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration, by $5,000,000.
                                                          Pages H3081–82 
Point of Order sustained against: Polis amendment that sought to increase funding, by offset, for the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy fund, by $285,000,000.
                 Pages H3075–77 
Proceedings Postponed: Clawson (FL) amendment that seeks to increase funding, by offset, for Army Corps of Engineers, Construction, by $50,000,000;
                  Pages H3058–59 
McNerney amendment that seeks to strike Gen-eral Provisions, Department of the Interior, related to California state water projects;
             Pages H3065–67 
Griffith amendment that seeks to reduce the En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Program by $50,000,000, and increase the Fossil Energy Re-search and Development Program by $45,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3069–71 
Buck amendment that seeks to zero out the ac-counts for Plant or Facility Acquisition, Construc-tion, or Expansion of Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy Programs and apply the $3,481,616,000 in savings to the Spending Reduction Account; 
                                                                                    Pages H3071–72 
Polis amendment that seeks to increase funds for Energy efficiency and renewable energy by $9,750,000 and decrease funds for fossil energy re-search and development by $13,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3073–74 
Polis amendment that seeks to zero out the Fossil Energy Research and Development fund and apply the $285,000,000 in savings to the spending reduc-tion account;
                                                        Pages H3074–75 
Weber (TX) amendment that seeks to zero out the Innovative Technology Guarantee program and apply the $7,000,000 in savings to the spending re-duction account;
                                                 Pages H3078–79 
Welch amendment that seeks to increase funding, by offset, for the Northern Border Regional Com-mission, by $2,500,000;
                                        Page H3079 Ellison amendment that seeks to redirect $1,000,000 in funding within Departmental Admin-istration, Department of Energy;
              Pages H3080–81 
Farr amendment (No. 1 printed in the Congres-sional Record of May 23, 2016) that seeks to strike section 506 pertaining to the further implementation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and eco-system-based management components of the Na-tional Ocean Policy; and
                                Pages H3088–89 
Garamendi amendment that seeks to prohibit the use of funds to expand plutonium pit production ca-pacity at the PF–4 facility at Los Alamos National Laboratory.
                                                            Pages H3091–92 
H. Res. 743, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) was agreed to by a yea-and- nay vote of 237 yeas to 171 nays, Roll No. 232, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 233 yeas to 174 nays, Roll No. 231. 
                                                                                    Pages H2981–87 
Senate Messages: Message received from the Senate today and message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H2981, H3057. Senate Referral: S. 2613 was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary.
                                         Page H3092 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Six yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2985–86, H2986–87, H2987, H2987–88, H2988–89, H3045–46, H3046, and H3046–47. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 10:05 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
FOCUS ON THE FARM ECONOMY: A VIEW FROM THE BARNYARD Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture held a hearing entitled ‘‘Focus on the Farm Economy: A View from the Barnyard’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Bill for FY 2017; Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill for FY 2017; and Report on the Revised Interim Suballoca-tion of Budget Allocations for FY 2017. The Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Bill for FY 2017 and the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY6.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D575 May 24, 2016 
Agencies Appropriations Bill for FY 2017 were or-dered reported, as amended. The Report on the Re-vised Interim Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2017 passed. DEMANDING ACCOUNTABILITY AT THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Higher Education and Workforce Training held a hearing entitled ‘‘Demanding Ac-countability at the Corporation for National and Community Service’’. Testimony was heard from Wendy Spencer, Chief Executive Officer, Corporation for National and Community Service; and Deborah Jeffrey, Inspector General, Corporation for National and Community Service. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Hearing on 17 FTC Bills’’. Tes-timony was heard from Edith Ramirez, Chairwoman, Federal Trade Commission; and public witnesses. MEDICARE AND MEDICAID PROGRAM INTEGRITY: COMBATTING IMPROPER PAYMENTS AND INELIGIBLE PROVIDERS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Medicare and Medicaid Program Integrity: Combat-ting Improper Payments and Ineligible Providers’’. Testimony was heard from Shantanu Agrawal, Dep-uty Administrator and Director, Center for Program Integrity, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices, Department of Health and Human Services; Seto J. Bagdoyan, Director, Audit Services, Forensic Audits and Investigative Service, Government Ac-countability Office; and Ann Maxwell, Assistant In-spector General, Office of Evaluation and Inspec-tions, Office of Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services. STOPPING TERROR FINANCE: A COORDINATED GOVERNMENT EFFORT Committee on Financial Services: Task Force to Inves-tigate Terrorism Financing held a hearing entitled ‘‘Stopping Terror Finance: A Coordinated Govern-ment Effort’’. Testimony was heard from Jennifer Shasky Calvery, Director, Financial Crimes Enforce-ment Network, Department of the Treasury; and Larry McDonald, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Technical Assistance, Department of the Treasury. THE U.S.-SAUDI ARABIA COUNTERTERRORISM RELATIONSHIP Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S.-Saudi Arabia Counterterrorism Relationship’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ENHANCING PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE CAPABILITIES TO ADDRESS CYBER THREATS Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communica-tions; and Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infra-structure Protection, and Security Technologies, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Enhancing Preparedness and Response Capabilities to Address Cyber Threats’’. Testimony was heard from Mark Ghilarducci, Direc-tor, Emergency Services, Office of the Governor of California; Lieutenant Colonel Daniel J. Cooney, As-sistant Deputy Superintendent, Office of Counter Terrorism, New York State Police; Robert Galvin, Chief Technology Officer, Port Authority of New York and New Jersey; and public witnesses. BORDER SECURITY GADGETS, GIZMOS, AND INFORMATION: USING TECHNOLOGY TO INCREASE SITUATIONAL AWARENESS AND OPERATIONAL CONTROL Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Border Security Gadgets, Gizmos, and Information: Using Technology to Increase Situational Awareness and Operational Control’’. Testimony was heard from Ronald Vitiello, Acting Chief, U.S. Border Patrol, Department of Homeland Security; Major General Randolph D. ‘‘Tex’’ Alles (Retired, USMC), Execu-tive Assistant Commissioner, Office of Air and Ma-rine Operations, Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security; Mark Borkowski, Assistant Commissioner and Chief Acquisition Exec-utive, Office of Technology Innovation and Acquisi-tion, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security; and Rebecca Gambler, Director, Homeland Security and Justice, Government Ac-countability Office. EXAMINING THE ALLEGATIONS OF MISCONDUCT AGAINST IRS COMMISSIONER JOHN KOSKINEN, PART I Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Allegations of Mis-conduct Against IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, Part I’’. Testimony was heard from Chairman Chaffetz and Representative DeSantis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY6.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD576 May 24, 2016 
THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT ON AUTOPILOT: DELEGATION OF REGULATORY AUTHORITY TO AN UNACCOUNTABLE BUREAUCRACY Committee on the Judiciary: Task Force on Executive Overreach held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Federal Gov-ernment on Autopilot: Delegation of Regulatory Au-thority to an Unaccountable Bureaucracy’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 3480, the ‘‘Fort Frederica National Monument Boundary Expansion Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4202, the ‘‘Fort Ontario Study Act’’; H.R. 4789, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a structure for visitor services on the Arlington Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial, and for other purposes; and H.R. 5244, to provide for the establishment of a national memorial and national monument to com-memorate those killed by the collapse of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, and for other pur-poses. Testimony was heard from Representatives Carter of Georgia; Katko; Beyer; and Knight; Bill Shaddox, Acting Associate Director for Park Plan-ning, Facilities, and Lands, National Park Service; Brian Ferebee, Associate Deputy Chief, U.S. Forest Service; and a public witness. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing on H.R. 4366, the ‘‘San Luis Unit Drainage Resolution Act’’; H.R. 5217, the ‘‘San Luis Unit Drainage Resolution Act’’; and a discussion draft of the ‘‘Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement Act of 2016’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Valadao; Costa; and Zinke; John Bezdek, Senior Advisor to the Deputy Secretary, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. INVESTIGATING THE CULTURE OF CORRUPTION AT THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Investigating the Culture of Corruption at the De-partment of the Interior’’. Testimony was heard from Edward Keable, Deputy Solicitor for General Law, Office of the Solicitor, Department of the Interior; and Mary Kendall, Deputy Inspector General, Office of Inspector General, Department of the Interior. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 5278, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Over-sight, Management, and Economic Stability Act’’. GUANTANAMO BAY: THE REMAINING DETAINEES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Guantanamo Bay: The Remaining Detainees’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING THE FUTURE OF RECREATION.GOV Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on the Interior held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Future of Recreation.gov’’. Testi-mony was heard from Joe Mead, Director of Recre-ation and Heritage Areas, U.S. Forest Service, De-partment of Agriculture; and Rick DeLappe, Recre-ation.gov Program Manager, National Park Service, Department of Interior. ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016; CLARIFYING CONGRESSIONAL INTENT IN PROVIDING FOR DC HOME RULE ACT OF 2016 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on S. 2012, the ‘‘Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 5233, the ‘‘Clarifying Congres-sional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule for S. 2012. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chairs and ranking minority members of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–55 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to commit with or without instructions. The rule provides that if S. 2012, as amended, is passed, then it shall be in order for the chair of the Committee on Energy and Commerce or his designee to move that the House insist on its amendment to S. 2012 and request a conference with the Senate thereon. Additionally, the rule grants a closed rule for H.R. 5233. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY6.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D577 May 24, 2016 
all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. In section 4, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from May 27, 2016, through June 6, 2016: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 5, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 4. Lastly, the Committee adopted, by voice vote, a resolution ex-pressing the gratitude of the Committee on Rules to Mr. Miles M. Lackey, the Committee’s Democratic staff director, for his service to the Committee, the House, and the Nation on the occasion of his retire-ment from the House of Representatives. Testimony was heard from Representatives Meadows and Nor-ton. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a markup on the ‘‘Networking and In-formation Technology Research and Development Modernization Act of 2016’’. The ‘‘Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Modernization Act of 2016’’ was ordered reported, as amended. THE SHARING ECONOMY: A TAXING EXPERIENCE FOR NEW ENTREPRENEURS, PART I Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Sharing Economy: A Taxing Experience for New Entrepreneurs, Part I’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. IMPROVING THE SAFETY AND RELIABILITY OF THE WASHINGTON METRO Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Highways and Transit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Safety and Reliability of the Washington Metro’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Hoyer; Delaney; and Connolly; Caro-lyn Flowers, Acting Administrator, Federal Transit Administration; and public witnesses. MOVING AMERICA’S FAMILIES FORWARD: SETTING PRIORITIES FOR REDUCING POVERTY AND EXPANDING OPPORTUNITY Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Moving America’s Families For-ward: Setting Priorities for Reducing Poverty and Expanding Opportunity’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5273, the ‘‘Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act of 2016’’; H.R. 2952, the ‘‘Improving Employment Outcomes of TANF Re-cipients Act’’; H.R. 5169, the ‘‘What Works to Move Welfare Recipients into Jobs Act’’; and a vote to release the transcript of the deposition taken by the Committee on Ways and Means on May 11, 2016. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 5273, H.R. 2952, and H.R. 5169. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D546) 
H.R. 4238, to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Cap-ital Development and Investment Act of 1976 to modernize terms relating to minorities. Signed on May 20, 2016. (Public Law 114–157) H.R. 4336, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inurnment in Arlington Na-tional Cemetery of the cremated remains of certain persons whose service has been determined to be ac-tive service. Signed on May 20, 2016. (Public Law 114–158) H.R. 4923, to establish a process for the submis-sion and consideration of petitions for temporary duty suspensions and reductions. Signed on May 20, 2016. (Public Law 114–159) H.R. 4957, to designate the Federal building lo-cated at 99 New York Avenue, N.E., in the District of Columbia as the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Building’’. Signed on May 20, 2016. (Public Law 114–160) S. 1492, to direct the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchor-age, Alaska. Signed on May 20, 2016. (Public Law 114–161) S. 1523, to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize the National Estuary Pro-gram. Signed on May 20, 2016. (Public Law 114–162) S. 2143, to provide for the authority for the suc-cessors and assigns of the Starr-Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas. Signed on May 20, 2016. (Public Law 114–163) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY6.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD578 May 24, 2016 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine understanding the role of sanc-tions under the Iran Deal, focusing on Administration perspectives, 2:30 p.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine improvements in hurricane forecasting and the path forward, 2 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine international cybersecurity strategy, focusing on deterring foreign threats and build-ing global cyber norms, 10 a.m., SD–419. Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on traf-ficking in persons, focusing on preparing the 2016 annual report, 4:30 p.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider S. 2834, to improve the Governmentwide management of unnecessarily duplica-tive Government programs and for other purposes, S. 1378, to strengthen employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government, S. 2849, to en-sure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information, S. 2480, to amend title 5, United States Code, to protect unpaid interns in the Federal Government from workplace harassment and discrimina-tion, S. 461, to provide for alternative financing arrange-ments for the provision of certain services and the con-struction and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, S. 2852, to expand the Government’s use and administration of data to facilitate transparency, ef-fective governance, and innovation, H.R. 4902, to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations, S. 2465, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 15 Rochester Street in Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office, S. 2891, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 North Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’, H.R. 136, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 1132, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2458, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2928, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’, H.R. 3082, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Build-ing’’, H.R. 3274, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office’’, H.R. 3601, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Ben-son Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3735, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office’’, H.R. 3866, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Town-ship, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4046, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wisconsin, as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office, H.R. 4605, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘DHS Accountability Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Biodefense Strat-egy Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Disaster Management Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Of-fice of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘GAO Mandates Revision Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘District of Columbia Judicial Financial Transparency and Courts Improvement Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘National Urban Search and Rescue Response System Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Grant Reform and New Transparency Act of 2016’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Federal Informa-tion Systems Safeguards Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Food Waste from Field to Table’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, markup on Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, 9:30 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Subcommittee on Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies, markup on Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, 11 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Reclaiming Congressional Authority Through the Power of the Purse’’, 9:30 a.m., 210 Cannon. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘Promoting Safe Workplaces Through Effective and Responsible Rec-ordkeeping Standards’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Cybersecurity Re-sponsibilities at HHS’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Iran Nuclear Deal Oversight: Implementation and Its Consequences, Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY6.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D579 May 24, 2016 Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Tunisia’s Struggle for Stability, Secu-rity, and Democracy’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Long Lines, Short Patience: The TSA Airport Screening Experience’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5203, the ‘‘Visa Integrity and Security Act of 2016’’; H.R. 3636, the ‘‘O–VISA Act’’; and H.R. 5283, the ‘‘Due Process Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5278, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Exploring 21st Century Mining Safety, En-vironmental Control, and Technological Innovation’’, 2:30 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Agencies’ Reliance on Outdated and Unsupported Information Technology: A Ticking Time Bomb’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 5312, the ‘‘Networking and In-formation Technology Research and Development Mod-ernization Act of 2016’’; and hearing entitled ‘‘Science of Zika: The DNA of an Epidemic’’, 10:15 a.m., 2318 Ray-burn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 5303, the ‘‘Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2016’’; H. Con. Res. 131, authorizing the use of Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run; General Services Administration Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolutions; and possible other matters cleared for consideration, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Over-sight, hearing on protecting small businesses from IRS abuse, 9:30 a.m., B–318 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Tax Policy, hearing entitled ‘‘Per-spectives on the Need for Tax Reform’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings to examine combating corruption in Bosnia and Herzegovina, 2 p.m., SVC–212. Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine the transformative impact of robots and automation, 2 p.m., SD–106. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MY6.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD580 May 24, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, May 25 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of S.J. Res. 28, providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Secretary of Agriculture re-lating to inspection of fish of the order Siluriformes, with a vote on adoption thereon, at approximately 11 a.m. Upon disposition of S.J. Res. 28, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2943, National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, May 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Continue Consideration of H.R. 5055—Energy and Water Development and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017. Consideration of H.R. 5233—Clarifying Congressional Intent in Pro-viding for DC Home Rule Act of 2016 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of the House Amendment to S. 2012—Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016 (Sub-ject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E774 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E783 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E773 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E779 Buck, Ken, Colo., E776, E777 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E781 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E781 Cole, Tom, Okla., E782 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E773, E775 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E782 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E783 Curbelo, Carlos, Fla., E784 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E776 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E779 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E780 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E776 Granger, Kay, Tex., E775, E778 Green, Al, Tex., E780 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E777 Hanna, Richard L., N.Y., E777 Hinojosa, Rube´n, Tex., E776, E779 Huelskamp, Tim, Kans., E779 Hurt, Robert, Va., E777 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E774 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E779 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E778 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E781 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E778 Olson, Pete, Tex., E783, E784 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E774, E776, E777, E778, E779, E780, E781, E781, E782, E783 Perry, Scott, Pa., E782 Peters, Scott H., Calif., E773, E775, E778 Poe, Ted, Tex., E782 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E774 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E775 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E774 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E781 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E780 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E783 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 25, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D24MY6.REC D24MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST