Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1351 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 2016 No. 38 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Thursday, March 10, 2016, at 11:30 a.m. 
Senate 
WEDNESDAY , MARCH 9, 2016 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
AND P
AUL, a Senator from the Common-wealth of Kentucky. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, our God, we honor Your Name. You continue to guide our Na-tion, and we trust the unfolding of Your prevailing providence. Help us to effectively tell this generation about Your mighty works so that Your Name will be known by those not yet born. Use us to inspire people to celebrate Your matchless mercy and Your power to save. Thank You for keeping Your word, for extending to us Your daily blessings, and for picking us up each time we fall. Guide your Senators with Your love today. Be for them a shade by day and a defense by night. Lord, keep them on the road that leads to life. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. HATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, March 9, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable R
ANDPAUL, a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. PAUL thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Senate will soon have a chance to come together in support of the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act, a bill designed to help address the prescrip-tion opioid and heroin epidemic that is spreading across our country. We have seen the impact this crisis is having in all 50 States, how it is affect-ing people of all different ages and backgrounds. We know that heroin and prescription opioid addiction dev-astates communities, destroys fami-lies, and claims thousands of lives each year, but we also know there are steps we can take here in the Senate that can help heal our Nation. For instance, just a few months ago we appropriated $400 million to opioid-specific pro-grams—which is nearly one-third more than what the Senate appropriated the preceding year—and all $400 million of those funds remain available to be spent today. We can take another step forward now—a big step—with the passage of this authorization bill. Just listen to what some officials are saying about CARA’s potential impact: Northern Kentucky’s top anti-drug official said this bill can help ‘‘allow individuals, families, and communities to heal from this scourge.’’ The president and CEO of a nonprofit organization with pro-grams in Kentucky noted that CARA can ‘‘create lasting impact in Ken-tucky’’ and ultimately help lead to more Kentuckians ‘‘receiv[ing] the treatment they desperately need. A group that provides overdose preven-tion training in the Commonwealth said that CARA can give them a ‘‘stronger foundation to move from training to action.’’ President Obama’s own drug czar noted that provisions like those in CARA are ‘‘critically im-portant to make headway’’ in this epi-demic. The bill before us, with all of its im-portant provisions, is the result of hard work and leadership from many col-leagues on both sides of the aisle. Of course, there is the lead Republican sponsor of this bill, the junior Senator from Ohio, Mr. P
ORTMAN , who has worked closely with colleagues in both parties, such as the junior Senator from New Hampshire, Ms. A
YOTTE , as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MR6.000 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1352 March 9, 2016 
well as the junior Senator from Rhode Island and the senior Senator from Minnesota. There is the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator G
RASSLEY , who worked to move this bill quickly out of committee by voice vote. I also thank the many Senators who worked with the bill managers to proc-ess the kinds of amendments both sides agreed would make this bill even bet-ter. That includes the senior Senators from Iowa and California, whose amendment would aid in targeting ille-gal drug importation. It includes the senior Senator from West Virginia, whose amendment will build upon edu-cation and awareness efforts in an ef-fort to underline the dangers of opioid abuse. It includes the junior Senator from Pennsylvania, whose amendment would allow Medicare Advantage and Part D plans to implement a prescrip-tion drug abuse prevention tool, a tool similar to what is already available and used in Kentucky in the Medicaid Program and in private plans. The bipartisan collaboration we have seen thus far shows what we can achieve on behalf of the American peo-ple when we work together toward im-portant shared priorities. The passage of CARA would bring us one step closer to ending prescription opioid and her-oin addiction and overdose, so let’s keep working together to pass it. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Repub-lican leader and I have worked to-gether in leadership capacities in the Senate for almost 20 years. He has been the whip and I was the whip. I was ma-jority leader, he was minority leader, and vice versa. My presentations the last few weeks do not take away from the fact that M
ITCH MCCONNELL and I are friends. We have worked together for a long time, and we have done our best to move the Senate forward. But that does not take away from my need as a Senator to pronounce publicly when he and I disagree. So I want to make sure the record is reflective of that. As each day passes, the Republican leader continues to transform his cau-cus into the party of Donald Trump. That is not good. You can see it in the Republicans’ rhetoric. The Senators are using increasingly extreme and dis-turbing language in defending their un-precedented obstruction of President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, who yet is unnamed. The assistant Republican leader said the President’s eventual nominee ‘‘will bear some resemblance to a pinata.’’ We talked about, in the past, what a pi-nata is. He is comparing a Supreme Court nominee to a children’s party favor that gets smashed repeatedly with a baseball bat or something simi-lar to a baseball bat. That is nothing more than a thinly veiled threat from Senator CORNYN , serving notice on the coming assault on the President’s nominee. We should not forget that we don’t know who this nominee will be. We know nothing about this person, whether it is a man or a woman, edu-cated at Harvard or Stanford or the University of Utah or the University of New Mexico. We don’t know. But the Republican leader doesn’t care who the eventual nominee is. It appears that is the case. He doesn’t want his Senators to care either. All he cares about is ap-peasing the Trump wing of the party— which is getting pretty big—and Trump’s radical followers. After all, this is the same Republican leader who yesterday again refused to distance himself from Donald Trump. He refused to condemn his hateful cam-paign for President. Instead, he pledged to support the Republican nominee. It is really shocking to see this trans-formation. Republicans have not al-ways been this irrational and vicious. Even Senator C
ORNYN used to know better. During Justice Alito’s con-firmation hearings, the then-junior Senator from Texas was also talking about pinatas as he decried personal attacks on Supreme Court nominees. Here is what he said: 
I’m happy Judge Alito survived these un-warranted attacks. I’m also sorry that his family had to be subjected to them, as well. At some point, however, we as a committee will need to come to terms with our con-firmation process. The current regime treats Supreme Court nominees more like pinatas than human beings. And that’s something none of us should be willing to tolerate. 
The Republican whip gave this pinata talk the day the Senate Judiciary Committee approved the Alito nomina-tion. Now that President Obama is the one putting forth a Supreme Court nominee, it seems the assistant Repub-lican leader is willing to tolerate, even promote, these ‘‘unwarranted attacks’’ he once denounced. Why the change? The answer is very simple: The senior Senator from Texas, like every other member of his caucus, is simply obey-ing the Republican leader’s orders as he leads them to become the party of Trump, the caucus of Trump, the con-ference of Trump. This is the path the Republican leader has chosen for his party—a path of demagoguery and lapsed constitutional duties, a path which he forged and which led to the rise of Donald Trump. I do not under-stand why so many of my Republican colleagues are blindly following this path down a very bumpy road. Where are the moderate Republicans—how-ever few there may be—who see that they are being used by the Republican leader to appease the Trump wing of the party? Where are the voices of rea-son from within the Republican caucus who will take a stand against this un-precedented dereliction of duty? Keep in mind, a decade ago the Sen-ator from Texas was decrying a Repub-lican nominee being treated like a pi-nata. Now, fast-forward 10 years, and he is saying: I am going to make a pi-nata out of whoever it is, even though they don’t know who it is. I know there have to be some mod-erate Republicans, or Republicans, be-cause outside of this building, there are Republicans urging their colleagues to forgo this ludicrous obstruction. A person I enjoyed working with right here, a very conservative Senator from Mississippi, Trent Lott, was the majority leader, and I worked with him very closely. He was a conservative, I repeat, but he was very pragmatic. Yesterday or the day before, he la-mented his party’s handling of the Su-preme Court vacancy. Here is what he said: I probably would’ve handled it differently. My attitude, particularly on the Supreme Court, was that elections do have con-sequences, sometimes bad, and I tried to lean toward being supportive of the president’s nominees, Democrat or Republican. 
That is how we should do things around here. It was the standard that if a President put forward a nominee and that person did not have some ethical problems and was basically qualified, we would take care of that. There is no better example of that than Clarence Thomas. I didn’t vote for Clarence Thomas. I wish he hadn’t gotten enough votes. But we did not stop that matter from going forward. He just barely made it. He got 52 votes. But there was no filibuster. He was nomi-nated by a Republican President. The President liked him. On paper, he was qualified. He was a graduate of Yale Law School. But that isn’t how they are doing things around here anymore. What Trent Lott said—he is not alone. Former Republican Senator from Indiana—someone we all liked a lot—Dick Lugar is urging Senate Re-publicans to do the right thing and honor their constitutional duty. Here is what he said: 
I can understand their reluctance given the controversy that surrounds all of the debate that has already occurred. But that is not sufficient reason to forgo your duty. 
What Richard Lugar is saying is: Do your jobs. You have a constitutional obligation to do that. Those are two quotes I just gave from strong Republican leaders telling Sen-ate Republicans to do their jobs. So why won’t they? Of the six nomina-tions made to vacancies that have ex-isted during Presidential election years since 1900—more than 100 years ago— each of the six has been confirmed by the Senate. That is what the Senate has done in the past and should do now. I say to my friends across the aisle: Listen to reason. Heed your constitu-tional duties. Listen to what the Amer-ican people are saying. They are not taking a popular stand. It is wrong. Don’t fall on your sword for Donald Trump and his kind. Don’t sacrifice your integrity as a Senator. Stand up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.001 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1353 March 9, 2016 
and do the right thing. Promise to give President Obama’s nominee a meeting, a hearing, and a vote. That is your job, so do it. Mr. President, I see no one on the floor. I ask that the business of the day be announced. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, equally divided, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the sec-ond half. Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, there is a vacancy on the Supreme Court, and this Chamber and the American people must fully understand what is at stake in choosing the person to fill that va-cancy. For a generation, Justice Nino Scalia was the conservative heart of the Supreme Court. Whoever takes his seat will not replace him because there is no replacement, but his passing has the potential to dramatically shift the delicate balance of the Court. Should Justice Scalia be replaced by a philo-sophically liberal Justice, the implica-tions for the rights of Americans and the direction of our Nation would be profound. A liberal Justice may mean that the individual right to keep and bear arms will be nullified and laws that deprive Americans of the means to protect themselves and their families will pro-liferate. A liberal Justice may mean that the President’s extraconstitution-al Executive order to grant amnesty to illegal immigrants will be upheld, trampling the separation of powers and the will of the American people. A lib-eral Justice may mean that President Obama’s plan to destroy America’s coal industry will survive, destroying thou-sands of jobs and steady income for American families. A liberal Justice may mean that the government will be empowered to force people of faith to violate their deeply held beliefs to subsidize abortifacients they abhor, and these are only the issues we can foresee. Novel issues that strike at the core of our constitutional order will continue to arise and how they are settled will hinge greatly on the next Justice. Because so much de-pends on who the next Justice is, we cannot rush into this decision. Because the law may take such a dramatic turn, the Members of this Chamber must first get the input of the Amer-ican people on what the direction of our country should be, and because the next Justice will guide American law for the next generation, the Senate should not subordinate our constitu-tional responsibility to advise and con-sent on a Supreme Court nominee to a lameduck President with a stale man-date. This is the way forward that the ma-jority leader and Chairman GRASSLEY  have charted, and it is the right one. After all, we have an election in No-vember. In a few short months, we will have a new President and new Senators who can consider the next Justice with the full faith of the American people. Why would we cut off the national debate about this next Justice? Why would we squelch the voice of the peo-ple? Why would we deny the voters a chance to weigh in on the makeup of the Supreme Court? There is abso-lutely no reason to do so or at least no principled reason to do so. That is why no Congress in our history has con-firmed a Supreme Court nominee of a lameduck President of either party for a vacancy that arose in an election year. Abiding by this practice this year is even more pressing. Some of my Demo-cratic colleagues argue that the Amer-ican people have already weighed in on the Supreme Court by reelecting Presi-dent Obama in 2012, but I will remind those who make this argument that the Constitution requires two institu-tions, the President and the Senate, to agree upon a new Justice, and in 2014 the voters overwhelmingly chose to send Republicans to the Senate, mak-ing clear their dissatisfaction with this President’s cavalier attitude toward the Constitution and his duty to exe-cute the laws as written. If the 2014 election meant anything, it meant that Americans do not want this President to determine alone the course of Amer-ican law for a generation in the Su-preme Court. When Arkansas elected me in 2014 to represent them, they sent me to Washington with the mandate to act as a check on the President, and I will carry out that mandate. Many of my Democratic colleagues have come to this floor to demand that the Senate’s longstanding practice of declining to confirm Supreme Court Justices in an election year be dis-carded and a nominee considered right away. Perhaps the most impassioned of these pleas come from the senior Sen-ator from Nevada; that the minority leader would wish to discard a long-standing practice of the Senate—par-ticularly one related to the judicial nominations—is not a surprise. He was, of course, the person in 2013 who deto-nated the so-called nuclear option, dis-carding the 60-vote threshold for appel-late and district court judicial nomi-nees that existed in this Chamber for 200 years. He did so in order to steam-roll the institutional rights of the mi-nority party and pack the lower courts with as many liberal Obama nominees as possible. In terms of dignity and public es-teem, such as he had, that ill-consid-ered move cost the minority leader dearly. He could only exercise the nu-clear option if he flip-flopped on his prior vehement opposition to it. In 2005, the minority leader stood stead-fastly against the nuclear option when it served his political interests. He called the nuclear option wrong, ille-gal, and even un-American. He was—to adapt a familiar saying—against the nuclear option before he was for it. In the current debate over filling Justice Scalia’s seat, we are seeing the minority leader perform a similarly brazen flip-flop, not that we should be surprised by that. Today the minority leader claimed that the Constitution compels the Senate to immediately take up any nominee President Obama sends our way, but 10 years ago, again, he sang a much different tune. The mi-nority leader came to this very same floor to speak passionately in defense of the constitutional prerogative of the Senate to defer a vote on the Presi-dent’s Supreme Court pick. He force-fully stated that nowhere in the Con-stitution does it say the Senate has a duty to give Presidential nominees an up-or-down vote. It says appointments shall be made with the advice and con-sent of the Senate, and that is very dif-ferent than saying that every nominee receives a vote. What has changed in the 10 years since the minority leader uttered those words? Well, of course, merely the poli-tics of the situation. I ask, if the current President were a Republican, would the minority leader be taking the position he is today? If the current President were not a fellow Democrat, would the minority leader still be inclined to trash the constitutional prerogatives of the Sen-ate and abandon its longstanding cus-toms? In light of what you might call the diversity of the minority leader’s views over time, I think it is understandable that questions have been raised about the sincerity of his position. In the quiet moments following the rambling jeremiads that the minority leader di-rects at Republicans on the Senate floor, I think my colleagues might be forgiven if they entertain the thought that the principled ground on which he claims to stand is slightly less than firm. In the coming months, there is much work for Congress to do. We must pass a bill to fund and rebuild our military. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.003 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1354 March 9, 2016 
We must continue to improve the con-ditions for wage growth and the cre-ation of new jobs. We must conduct stringent oversight to rein in the ex-cesses of the President on a quixotic pursuit of a legacy, but with regard to a Supreme Court nomination, the only task for this Senate is to wait passion-ately and listen to the American peo-ple. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
MOBILE NOW ACT Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, over the last 20 years we have seen incredible advancements in computing, tele-communications, and information technology. The United States has led the world in this innovation thanks to our brilliant entrepreneurs, scientists, world-class universities, massive pri-vate sector capital investment, a cul-ture that rewards risk-taking, and a fa-vorable regulatory environment, but increasingly our lead in innovation is threatened as American businesses are forced to contend with an ever-growing number of outdated laws and regula-tions. While our businesses have often managed to succeed anyway, American industries deserve better from our gov-ernment. Congress has a responsibility to en-sure that our statutes and regulations are appropriately and narrowly tai-lored for today’s economy and for the future. My Commerce Committee col-leagues and I have been eager to do our part in ensuring our Nation’s commu-nications laws keep pace with innova-tion. Last week, we unanimously passed the bipartisan MOBILE NOW Act, which I introduced, along with the committee’s ranking member Senator B
ILLNELSON . This legislation will give a boost to American innovators who are looking to make the next genera-tion of wireless technology, known as 5G, a reality. Mr. President, 5G wireless will obvi-ously mean things like faster movie downloads and more advanced smartphones, and it will also mean massive leaps forward in areas like technology, entertainment, public safe-ty, and health care, as well as other economic benefits that will make American lives better. One of the best examples I have heard came from former FCC Commissioner Meredith Attwell Baker. She pointed out that right now a Smart Car com-municating with 4G wireless tech-nology takes 4
1⁄2feet to brake in re-sponse to an obstacle. By contrast, a Smart car with 5G technology would travel only 1 inch before braking, which could be the difference between life and death. In order to make 5G wireless technology a reality, we have to put the right policies in place. Poli-cies that maximize the efficiency of the airwaves that transmit wireless broadband signals and the bands of electromagnetic spectrum that make up our Nation’s airwaves are in limited supply. While we can’t make more air-waves to carry additional spectrum, we can make changes to how they are used and who uses them in order to improve efficiency and to do more of what we have. The MOBILE NOW Act will require the government to make at least 255 megahertz of spectrum available for private sector broadband use by the year 2020. That is a lot of spectrum, but MOBILE NOW doesn’t stop there. The bill also directs government to assess more than 12,000 megahertz of superhigh frequency spectrum for wire-less broadband suitability. For tech-nical reasons, that spectrum has seen only limited use to date, but as new technologies come online in the next few years, this spectrum will become increasingly viable. Indeed, most people expect that these superhigh bands will become critical for our 5G future. Making spectrum available is important, but freeing up spectrum does not help our digital economy unless and until we put it to good use. This is why several of MO-BILE NOW’s provisions focus on speed-ing up the deployment of the commu-nications facilities at the heart of our Nation’s broadband networks. One way to do that is by putting a shot clock on Federal agencies to force them to make speedy decisions on companies’ applications to place wireless facilities on Federal property. This is critical for rural States like South Dakota and Ne-vada where placing wireless facilities on Federal lands could bring more high-speed Internet service to under-served communities. The MOBILE NOW Act is an example of what is possible when Members put aside their partisan differences and work together to come up with com-monsense proposals to spur economic growth. In addition to the provisions Senator NELSON and I wrote, MOBILE NOW also includes all or part of six other bills which represent the work of Senators B
OOKER , D AINES , F ISCHER , G
ARDNER , K LOBUCHAR , M ANCHIN , M
ORAN , RUBIO, SCHATZ , and U DALL . We also adopted important amendments from Senators H
ELLER and P ETERS . Even the chairman and ranking mem-ber of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee—Senator I
NHOFE , as well as a longtime former member of the Commerce Committee, Senator B
OXER —made key contribu-tions to the bill’s ‘‘dig once’’ section. The MOBILE NOW Act would not have been possible without the collabo-ration of these Senators. So it is my hope that this spirit of bipartisanship will also carry over to the Commerce Committee’s efforts to reauthorize the Federal Communications Commission. Compared to other Federal agencies, the FCC is relatively small. But as the regulator of the communications and technology industries, both of which are central to America’s modern econ-omy, the Commission has significant influence over the direction of our country. Given the importance of the FCC, my colleagues might be surprised to learn that Congress has not reauthorized it in more than a quarter of a century. You have to go back to 1990 to find the last time that the FCC, or the Federal Communications Commission, was re-authorized. The work of the FCC has continued during that period, of course, but reau-thorizing this agency every 2 years en-sures that Congress will be able to make sure that the FCC has all the tools it needs to keep up with our rap-idly changing digital landscape. Some 26 years ago—I think it is safe to say— none of us in this Chamber knew any-thing about the Web, let alone about smartphones or streaming videos. Since then, the communications landscape has been fundamentally transformed by digital technology, mo-bile services, and the Internet. Yet the FCC in that entire time has gone unau-thorized, making it the oldest expired authorization in the Commerce Com-mittee’s broad jurisdiction. I hope we can change that. On Monday I introduced the FCC Re-authorization Act of 2016, which in-cludes a handful of noncontroversial, good-government reforms to go with a 2-year reauthorization window. By re-starting the FCC’s regular authoriza-tion cycle, the bill will ensure that necessary congressional oversight of the FCC’s budget and procedures occur routinely. As indicated by the FCC Commis-sioners themselves at our oversight hearing last week, a consistent legisla-tive reauthorization process will produce a more responsible and a more productive relationship between Con-gress and the Commission. This will re-sult in better outcomes for both con-sumers and the rapidly growing broadband-based economy. Telecom policy was once considered to be one of the least partisan issues in Congress. While the campaign for net neutrality has certainly changed the political playing field over the last dec-ade, I believe there is still a lot of room for bipartisanship on tech and telecommunications issues. The MO-BILE NOW Act and the FCC Reauthor-ization Act are two bills that can make a real difference. I look forward to working with colleagues on the Com-merce Committee and in the full Sen-ate to pass both of these bills in the coming months. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.004 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1355 March 9, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, today the Senate is taking a second step to deal with a public health crisis that is de-stroying lives and damaging commu-nities across the Nation, the epidemic of opioid and heroin abuse. Step 1 late last year was to reduce spending in other programs and increase the dol-lars available to deal with this addic-tion. An estimated 1.9 million American adults have an opioid-use addiction or disorder related to prescription drug pain relievers. Another 500,860 have an opioid-use disorder related to heroin. Some 2.5 million Americans are dealing with this problem. Our Nation’s vet-erans are particularly at risk for devel-oping a dependency on opioids. A study published in 2014 found a high preva-lence of chronic pain among veterans because of their service. The chronic pain among veterans was 44 percent compared to 26 percent in the general public. There was a higher prevalence of opioid use, at 15.1 percent, in the U.S. military after a combat deployment, after possible injuries in training or in-juries from an IED attack, compared to just 4 percent in the general public. In 2014, more than 1,000 Missourians died from an opioid overdose. In St. Louis alone, deaths related to opioid abuse have increased nearly three times since 2007. Member after member has come to the floor, just as they came to me last year as the chairman of the funding committee for health and human serv-ices and explained what a problem this is in their State. The majority leader made a point to me the other day that in Kentucky more people died last year from drug overdoses than died from car accidents. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 4 people every day die from an overdose of opioid pain relievers, and 78 people die every day from a combination of pain reliever overdoses or heroin overdose. Many times those prescription opioids have been the pathway to her-oin. Deaths from prescription opioids have quadrupled in the past 14 years. These are stunning statistics. The Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention has rightly labeled this an ‘‘epidemic.’’ This should get a good vote on the Sen-ate floor today or tomorrow. But just because it gets a good vote, it does not mean it was not an important debate to have. Just because it gets a good vote and is now better funded than it has been in the past, that does not mean the Senate and the House don’t need to weigh in and say: Here is more specific ability to deal with these problems in new ways. The good news is that addic-tion is a treatable disease. Those who receive treatment can recover and go on to lead full, healthy, and productive lives. In Missouri 72 percent of the individ-uals who had gone through our State’s opioid treatment program in random tests test drug-free. The problem with addiction is that only about 10 percent of individuals who are battling drug ad-diction receive treatment. That is why I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill. That is why it is important that we commit ourselves to win the fight against addiction. We need to make sure that all of the stakeholders are involved. As to first responders, if you are a first responder attached to a fire department, for in-stance, the odds are that you are going to respond to three times as many drug overdoses as you do to fires. So wheth-er it is first responders, paramedics, or the law enforcement community, we need to use all of our resources to try to be sure that we are doing what needs to be done here. The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act that we are debating pro-vides grants from multiple government agencies to encourage State and local communities to pursue strategies that we know work. The only thing you have to do is be sure and implement those strategies. The bill expands the educational ef-forts to understand addiction as a chronic illness. That promotes treat-ment and recovery and prevents opioid abuse from going forward. The bill also expands resources to identify and to treat the incarcerated population suf-fering from addiction disorders with evidence-based treatment. Finally, it expands disposal sites for unwanted prescription medications to help them out of the hands of children and adolescents. Way too many unused painkillers are still in people’s medi-cine cabinets or their dresser drawer, waiting for somebody else to find them and, once they know they are there, to find them again. This bill represents a strong bipar-tisan effort to address this epidemic. I filed two amendments that I think will improve the bill. I hope to see them in the managers’ package. The first amendment will just simply expand the efforts that we have already made in a bill that Senator S
TABENOW and I in-troduced a couple of years ago and that got a significant pilot project in the Excellence in Mental Health Act. What that does is to provide 24-hour access for people living with behavioral health issues—with mental health issues. That would include substance abuse disorder. Excellence in Mental Health creates a demonstration pro-gram that really just simply, in the right kind of facilities, requires that mental health is dealt with like all other health—that behavioral health is dealt with like all other health. When we started that debate, there was a belief that no more than 20 States would implement Excellence in Mental Health if every State in the country were allowed to do it if they wanted to. We now have 24 States that have applied to be one of the eight State pilots. The administration said: Why don’t we increase the 8 States to 14 States? We have an amendment to this bill that would say: Let’s go ahead and increase the 14 States to all 24 States, because not only is this the right thing to do but what these States will find out is that when you deal with mental health like all other health, you probably save money because the other health issues that people with be-havioral health issues have are so much more easily dealt with. It has been long said that we have really turned over, in an outrageous way, the mental health obligations of our society to the local police depart-ments and the emergency rooms. That is no way to do this. It is no way to solve this problem. We are about 50 years behind. We are beginning now to catch up in the ways we should. I also filed an amendment to author-ize the Department of Health and Human Services to use telehealth to allow this program to work more effec-tively, to allow telehealth to be one of the specifically reimbursable opportu-nities here. According to the Centers for Disease Control, individuals in rural commu-nities are more likely—not as likely, not less likely, but more likely—to overdose on prescription painkillers than people in the cities, people in urban areas. In fact, death rates from overdoses in rural areas now greatly outpace the rate in large metropolitan areas, which historically had higher rates. So what do you do to connect those individuals with the kind of help they might need on a basis that they can turn to that help when they need to? One way to do that, certainly, is tele-health treatment options. Telehealth allows individuals in rural or medically underserved areas—many of whom just simply don’t have other treatment op-tions—to receive the care they need, to receive the attention their issue needs remotely. Additionally, telehealth can be an important component in ensuring that those patients receiving treatment for pain management use opioids effec-tively and appropriately and don’t get started down the wrong path and the wrong way. In July 2014, the Journal of the American Medical Association pub-lished a study that followed patients who reported moderate to intense chronic musculoskeletal pain. Of the 250 patients in the study, half received the normal standard of care and half received a year of telephone moni-toring in addition to normal care. Patients who were monitored via telehealth were twice as likely to re-port less pain after 12 months, having someone to talk to or being able to ask a question about whether they should increase the medicine because their pain was worse that day. Researchers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.006 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1356 March 9, 2016 
have clearly noted that fewer tele-health patients started taking esca-lated doses of opioids than people who were simply taking medicine on their own. Telehealth holds promise in lots of areas. I believe this happens to be one of them. As chairman of the Labor, Health and Human Services Appropria-tions Subcommittee, I was proud to see us increase funding at a 284-percent in-crease. I will say again that we did that by cutting funding in other areas. One of the things the government has to start doing is to truly prioritize. If everything is a priority, nothing is a priority. Today, with this piece of legislation, the Senate is telling our friends on the other side of the Capitol and around the country that this is an epidemic we intend to deal with. I look forward to the continuation of this debate, the end of this debate, and passing this bill. Thank you. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FREEDOM FOR BOB LEVINSON Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I wish to speak about Bob Levinson, a retired FBI agent who 9 years ago today dis-appeared in Iran. He was on the tourist island of Kish. It is a little island off the coast of Iran, and it is Iranian ter-ritory. It is in the Persian Gulf. It is just a few minutes’ flight from Dubai. Bob Levinson was there. There is con-flicting information, but in the process of checking out from his hotel and get-ting into a cab and going to the airport to return—I think to Dubai—he dis-appeared 9 years ago today. There is a lot of mystery surrounding the disappearance, and there is a lot of mystery surrounding what has hap-pened ever since. There is a mystery as to why the FBI, shortly after his dis-appearance, was somewhat lackadai-sical about pursuing it. It is a mystery as to why the CIA was not coordinating with the FBI in pursuing vigorously the disappearance of Bob. There is no mystery surrounding the fact that, fi-nally, the two agencies got their act together and started to vigorously pur-sue the disappearance of Bob Levinson. I wish to give great credit to the agen-cy, since they tried to get to the bot-tom of it, but that has led us nowhere, and here we are 9 years later. It is particularly troubling to all of us, including all of our negotiating team for the Iranian nuclear agree-ment, because at every meeting, both high level and low level, at the direc-tion of our Secretary of State, first Hillary Clinton and then John Kerry, over and over it was brought up to the Iranian Government. It is frustrating for this Senator, being the Senator from Florida where a wife and seven children are left behind, and for Chris-tine Levinson, whom I have met with many times, as well as her sons and daughters and most recently both Christine and her son, as they plead for help, for just any information. About 5 years ago there was proof of life, and it was a video, and Bob was looking very gaunt. He had been gone several years at this point. He was pleading: Don’t forget him. Sometime after that, but within a year, the last proof of life was a photograph showing an even more emaciated Bob with a huge beard and unkempt hair. Again, the picture says all we need to know. Why is he being left behind? Here, 9 years later, supposedly we don’t know anything. This Senator, on behalf of Christine and her family, went years ago to the Iranian mission at the United Na-tions—the only place that Iran had an ambassador here in the United States, since we do not have diplomatic rela-tions—and made the case on humani-tarian grounds. That case has been made over and over and over again, in-cluding directly with Foreign Minister Zarif and the new Iranian Ambassador last September, in a meeting of a hand-ful of Senators on behalf of all of those who have been kept by Iran. Subse-quently, some have been released, in-cluding the fellow from Michigan, the former marine, and so forth, whom we know about—but nothing about Bob Levinson. Of course, the Government of Iran al-ways says: We don’t know anything about it. Oh, we thought he was in Pakistan. Those are always the answers. But he disappeared in Iran, and with the very strict state-controlled Iranian security apparatus, obviously, they know what happened. Certainly, 9 years later, they should know what happened or at least have the capacity to be able to find out what happened to Bob Levinson. The rest of us keep searching in every pos-sible way. A couple of years ago it became ap-parent to this Senator that the Associ-ated Press was about to publish a story talking about Bob Levinson’s clandes-tine activities. This Senator called the executive editor and pled that they not publish the story, that they do what the responsible New York Times had done. New York Times investigative re-porter Barry Meier sat on the story for over 3 years, knowing that if the story about clandestine activities were pub-lished, it could jeopardize Bob’s life. To no avail, the Associated Press execu-tive editor said to this Senator: Well, they already know this. Despite my pleading to them, the answer was no, and they went ahead and published the article. I vigorously disagreed with the Associated Press’s conclusions, and I think that jeopardized Bob’s where-withal as well as his safety. Here we are, several years later, 9 years after the apparent disappearance, and still there is nothing about Bob Levinson. So it is the conclusion of this Senator that if the Government of Iran—namely, President Ruhani, as told to us by his Foreign Minister Zarif—knows nothing about it, well, somebody in Iran does. Maybe that tells us something about Iranian soci-ety and the Iranian Government—that there are these different power centers, one being the Revolutionary Guard and another the exclusive Quds Force. But there is one person that is over all of this in Iran, and that is the Supreme Leader, and he should know. All the pleas that have been made on the basis of a humanitarian plea for a family—a wife and seven children—thus far have been ignored. This brings us to the next point. Ac-cording to New York Times investiga-tive reporter Barry Meier, a meeting took place in 2011 in Paris in the Ira-nian Embassy with the Iranian Ambas-sador by a group of private American citizens who were doing what they could to facilitate the location of Bob or any information about Bob, and the Iranian Ambassador told them that, yes, Iran had Bob Levinson. This is ac-cording to a story published in the New York Times by Barry Meier a few months ago. This Senator called Barry Meier and asked: ‘‘Are you sure of your facts?’’ And he said yes. This Senator then called one of the people that was asso-ciated with this audience of private citizens, and that person, when I met with him, confirmed that what the New York Times had published was accu-rate and true, and that, in fact, the FBI had been called and the FBI had met with representatives of the Iranian Embassy in Paris right across the street from the Embassy in a cafe in Paris. This Senator called the former Dep-uty Director of the FBI—a man of im-peccable reputation—Sean Joyce, who before he was Deputy Director had spearheaded the efforts on trying to find Bob Levinson and continued that in his new role as the No. 2 in the FBI. Just last week this Senator talked to Sean Joyce, and he said that he didn’t know anything about this. Well, if an investigative reporter has found out this information and it has been con-firmed by people who were there or knew of that meeting and, at the time in 2011, the top guy in the FBI who is spearheading the efforts to try to get Bob Levinson, a former FBI agent, doesn’t know about it, what does this suggest? It suggests that there is a huge disconnect in the FBI, which leads this Senator, who has been on this case for 9 years on behalf of a grieving wife and seven children, to wonder what in the world is going on. Until this turmoil is sorted out, the bottom line is that we want Bob Levinson home with his family for hu-manitarian reasons. I know John Kerry is doing all he can, but we have to find 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.007 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1357 March 9, 2016 
another way to get to the Supreme Leader. Maybe it is through some of these private contacts. Why has that not been coordinated? I know the White House is involved in this, but do they know about that 2011 meeting? If FBI agents were there on the case, why was the White House not informed along with the leadership of the FBI? Something is terribly amiss, and we need to get to the bottom of it. Sadly, on this ninth year of Bob Levinson’s disappearance, a patriotic American who—poof—on the way to the airport disappeared from Kish Is-land, Iran—sadly, 9 years later, there is no information about bringing Bob Levinson home. To the President of the United States, the Secretary of State, the head of the FBI, the head of all of our alphabet agencies: It is time to get the information about Bob and bring him home. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2015 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 524, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the na-tional epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
Pending: 
Grassley amendment No. 3378, in the na-ture of a substitute. Grassley (for Donnelly/Capito) modified amendment No. 3374 (to amendment No. 3378), to provide follow-up services to indi-viduals who have received opioid overdose reversal drugs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 12 noon will be equally divided between the two managers or their designees. The Senator from Oklahoma. 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE SCALIA  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, on February 13, 2016, the Supreme Court lost one of its Justices, our Nation lost a true legal giant. Justice Scalia was described by col-leagues as ‘‘extraordinary,’’ ‘‘treas-ured,’’ and ‘‘a stylistic genius.’’ Beyond his unwavering dedication to upholding the originalist viewpoint of the Con-stitution, Justice Scalia was also wholeheartedly committed to his fam-ily. He was a husband, father of 9, and grandfather to 36 grandchildren. His son Paul said of him during his homily: God blessed Dad with a love for his family. . . . He was the father that God gave us for the great adventure of family life. . . . He loved us, and sought to show that love. And sought to share the blessing of the faith he treasured. And he gave us one another, to have each other for support. That’s the greatest wealth parents can bestow, and right now we are particularly grateful for it. 
Justice Antonin Scalia was nomi-nated to the Supreme Court in 1986 by President Reagan and was confirmed by the Senate in a unanimous vote. While his time on the Court often led to some criticism of his legal opinions and his very colorful dissents, he re-mained respected by his colleagues, even those of the opposite end of the judicial spectrum. This is a sign of true character—to have an open, honest de-bate about a particular issue while re-specting the individual person holding an opinion different from your own. Justice Scalia said: 
I attack ideas. I don’t attack people. And some very good people have some very bad ideas. And if you can’t separate the two, you gotta get another day job. 
The sentiment was best portrayed through his friendship with Justice Ginsburg. As one of his friends, she said: 
We are different, but we are one. Different in our interpretation of written texts. One in our reverence for the Constitution and the institution we serve. From our years to-gether on the D.C. Circuit, we were best bud-dies. We disagreed now and then, but when I wrote for the Court and received a Scalia dis-sent, the opinion ultimately released was no-tably better than my initial circulation. 
Justice Scalia was known for his wit and his sarcasm in his writings, fa-mously referring to legal interpreta-tions of his colleagues as ‘‘jiggery- pokery,’’ ‘‘pure applesauce,’’ and ‘‘a ghoul in a late horror movie.’’ Yet it was these same criticisms that Justice Ginsburg said nailed the weak spots in her opinions and gave her what she needed to strengthen her writings. Justice Scalia represented a con-sistent, constitutional voice on the Su-preme Court. Just as the Constitution is the pillar of our legal system, so too is his affirmation to this foundational document of our Nation. He said: 
It is an enduring Constitution that I want to defend. . . . It’s what did the words mean to the people who ratified the Bill of Rights or who ratified the Constitution, as opposed to what people today would like. 
Justice Kennedy said: 
In years to come any history of the Su-preme Court will, and must, recount the wis-dom, scholarship, and technical brilliance that Justice Scalia brought to the Court. His insistence on demanding standards shaped the work of the Court in its private discus-sions, its oral arguments, and its written opinions. Yet these historic achievements are all the more impressive and compelling because the foundations of Justice Scalia’s jurisprudence, the driving force in all his work, and his powerful personality were shaped by an unyielding commitment to the Constitution of the United States and to the highest ethical and moral standards. FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. President, with Justice Scalia’s passing, we have a vacancy on the Court to fill. The question is, When? I would submit, with only months left until the Presidential election, that we should let the people decide. I have heard over and over for the past 7 years that elections have con-sequences, but apparently some people seem to only think elections have con-sequences on Presidential elections. The American people elected a brand new Senate in 2014 because of their in-credible frustration with the operation of the previous Senate and because of the direction that we are now heading under this President. I have heard this argument for years: The President should be able to do what he wants. He is the President. But may I remind everyone of a document in our National Archives called the U.S. Constitution, which gives divided power to our Nation. The President is not over the Senate, not over the House, and not over the Supreme Court. Hyperbole of this has been over-whelming to me in the debate of the past few weeks. I have heard that un-less we replace Justice Scalia right now, we will ‘‘shut down the court.’’ I have heard on this floor people say that if we don’t replace Justice Scalia immediately, it is ‘‘dangerous,’’ it is ‘‘unprecedented,’’ it is unheard of. I have heard: ‘‘Do your job’’—a failure to do your duty. I even heard one Senator say: ‘‘The Constitution says the Presi-dent shall appoint and the Senate shall consent.’’ Well, let me show you article II, sec-tion 2 of the Constitution where that comes up. It says that the President ‘‘shall have Power, by and with the Ad-vice and Consent of the Senate, to make Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall nominate’’—the President shall nominate. That is his constitutional responsibility. But it is not the con-stitutional responsibility—it never says the Senate shall give consent to the President. Why? Because the Con-stitution gives the role of selecting a Supreme Court nominee in a 50–50 re-sponsibility between the Senate and the President of the United States. The President shall nominate; that is his responsibility. But that only moves forward with the advice and consent of the Senate. There is no ‘‘shall give con-sent.’’ There is no requirement how it moves. In fact, Alexander Hamilton in The Federalist Papers, on this very issue, said that the ‘‘ordinary power of ap-pointment is confided to the President and Senate jointly.’’ This is a 50–50 agreement. What we are facing right now are incredible at-tacks on the chairman of the Judiciary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.010 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1358 March 9, 2016 
Committee because he dares to do what Vice President B
IDEN, Senator S CHU-
MER, and Senator R EIDrecommended years ago. I even heard that we shouldn’t listen to the words of Vice President B
IDEN. I would understand why people would say that, because when you go back to Vice President B
IDEN’s words, when he was a Senator and chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee, in the same spot Chairman G
RASSLEY is in now, this is what, at that time, Senator B
IDEN said. Senator B
IDEN, chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee, arguing on this same issue, said: ‘‘Arguing from constitutional his-tory and Senate precedent, I want to address one question and one question only: What are the rights and duties of the Senate in considering nominees to the Supreme Court?’’ This is from Vice President B
IDEN— then Senator B
IDEN: 
Some argue that the Senate should defer to the President in the selection process. They argue that any nominee who meets the narrow standards of legal distinction, high moral character, and judicial temperament is entitled to be confirmed in the Senate without further question. . . . Apparently, there are some in this body and outside this body who share that view. I stand here today to argue that opposite proposition. 
This is from Vice President B IDEN. He stated at that time: 
We have quashed the myth that the Senate must defer to a President’s choice of a Su-preme Court Justice, the men and women at the apex of the independent third branch of Government. Can our Supreme Court nomination and confirmation process, so wracked by discord and bitterness, be repaired in a Presidential election year? 
Vice President B IDEN, as Senator B
IDEN, said: 
History teaches us that this is extremely unlikely. Some of our Nation’s most bitter and heated confirmation fights have come in Presidential election years. The Senate too, Mr. President, must con-sider how it would respond to a Supreme Court vacancy that would occur in the full throes of an election year. 
Vice President B IDEN at that time said this: 
It is my view that if the President goes the way of Presidents Fillmore and Johnson and presses an election-year nomination, the Senate Judiciary Committee should seri-ously consider not scheduling confirmation hearings on the nomination until after the political campaign season is over. 
He said, instead: 
It would be our pragmatic conclusion that once the political season is under way, and it is, action on a Supreme Court nomination must be put off until after the election cam-paign is over. That is what is fair to the nominee and is central to the process. Other-wise, it seems to me, Mr. President, we will be in deep trouble as an institution. 
This past week Senator R EIDcame to the floor to discuss Senator G
RASSLEY  and what he is doing, which is exactly what then-Senator B
IDEN recommended to be done, and he made this state-ment. Senator R
EID said this past week: 
Last Thursday, the senior Senator from Iowa addressed the Conservative Political Action Conference, CPAC, which took place here in Washington. In his speech to them, here is what Senator Grassley said: ‘‘I feel it’s about time that we have a national de-bate on the Supreme Court and how it fits in with our constitutional system of govern-ment.’’ Then Senator R EIDcontinued: 
The chairman of the Judiciary Committee is suggesting that we reevaluate the Found-ing Fathers’ work, reevaluate the Constitu-tion of the United States, and change the Constitution of the United States. Why is Senator Grassley debating what the Con-stitution makes clear? The Senate must pro-vide its advice and consent on nominees ap-pointed by the President to the Supreme Court. Think of the irony. Justice Scalia was a strict constitutionalist. Yet now, in the weeks following his death, Senator Grassley wants to throw out the Constitution just be-cause President Obama gets to pick Scalia’s replacement. 
That is what Senator R EIDsaid this week. Let’s look at what Senator R
EIDsaid in 2005 on this exact same issue. In 2005, on this floor, Senator R
EIDsaid: ‘‘The President of the United States has joined the fray to become the latest to rewrite the Constitution and reinvent reality.’’ This is speaking of President Bush at the time. Senator R
EID continued, ‘‘Speaking to fellow Republicans Tues-day night, two days ago. He said that the Senate ‘has a duty to promptly consider each nominee on the Senate floor, discuss and debate their quali-fications and then give them the up-or- down vote that they deserve.’ Referring to the President’s words—duty to whom? The duties of the Senate.’’ This is from Senator R
EIDin 2005: 
The duties of the Senate are set forth in the U.S. Constitution. Nowhere in that docu-ment does it say the Senate has a duty to give Presidential appointees a vote. The fact was even acknowledged by the majority lead-er that a vote is not required. Senator Byrd asked the majority leader if the Constitution accorded each nominee an up-or-down vote on the Senate floor. The answer was no. Sen-ator Frist was candid. The answer was no. The language was not there, Senator Frist said. He is correct. Senators should read the same copy of the Constitution Senator Frist had memorized. 
Continuing with what Senator R EID said: 
It is clear that the President misunder-stands the meaning of the advice and con-sent clause. That is not how America works. The Senate is not a rubber stamp for the ex-ecutive branch. 
So earlier this week, Senator R EID chastised Senator G
RASSLEY , saying he wants to rewrite the Constitution. In 2005 Senator R
EIDstood on this floor and encouraged all Members to read the Constitution—that it nowhere re-quires that we take an up-or-down vote. So I don’t know which one to take on this—the current statements from Senator R
EID or the previous statements from Senator R
EID—be-cause they are in direct contradiction. Senator S
CHUMER , on July 27, 2007, speaking about the last 18 months of President Bush’s term as President, said: For the rest of this President’s term and if there is another Republican elected with the same selection criteria let me say this: We should reverse the presumption of confirma-tion. The Supreme Court is dangerously out of balance. We cannot afford to see Justice Stevens replaced by another Roberts; or Jus-tice Ginsburg replaced by another Alito. Given the track record of this President and the experience of obfuscation at the hearings, with respect to the Supreme Court, at least: I will recommend to my colleagues that we should not confirm a Supreme Court nominee except in extraordinary cir-cumstances. 
I have also heard: Don’t look at the words but the actions. Senator R
EID, Senator S
CHUMER , and, when they were here, Senator Obama and Senator B
IDEN have all filibustered Supreme Court nominees when they were Sen-ators—all four of them have. Suddenly, now this is a dangerous idea that will shut down justice and is completely unconstitutional, and there are shouts of ‘‘Do your job’’ that come from the same Senate leaders who blocked un-told nominations from untold Repub-lican Presidents and didn’t allow amendments on basic bills. There is a lot of emotion in this body. I get that. There are a lot of poli-tics in this process. I would hope to bring some facts to light and to turn down the hyperbole and all the rhet-oric. So let me bring some basic facts to this. The last time a Supreme Court va-cancy arose in an election year and the Senate approved a new appointee to the Court in that same year was 1932. Since there is no nominee right now, it would not be possible to fill the va-cancy in time for that individual to hear cases in the spring session of the Supreme Court. That means any nomi-nation selected now would only be able to serve—in our colleagues’ argu-ments—in the fall, which is a much shorter session of the Supreme Court, before this President actually leaves. So we are talking about the final ses-sion at the end of this fall—a very few number of cases. Justice Stephen Breyer, just a few weeks ago, stated this about the pass-ing of Justice Scalia: 
We’ll miss him, but we’ll do our work. For the most part, it will not change. 
The Supreme Court is open and is working this week. In fact, the Court hasn’t halted at all. The Court has heard 10 cases already since Justice Scalia’s passing, and they are con-tinuing to release decisions. It is a myth that there needs to be an uneven number of Justices for the Su-preme Court to actually work. In the past 6 years, 80 percent of the cases were decided 6 to 3 or greater. So it is a small minority of the cases that ever get to a 5-to-4 decision. And we don’t know that a 5-to-4 would end up not being a 5-to-3 at this point. Eight members can operate the Court. In fact, the Constitution doesn’t even give a specific number to the Jus-tices. How many Justices are on the Supreme Court has always been a deci-sion of the President and the Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.018 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1359 March 9, 2016 
together. The first Congress, for exam-ple, enacted the Judiciary Act of 1789, which stated the Supreme Court con-sists of ‘‘a chief justice and five asso-ciate justices.’’ If you are counting right, that is six Justices on the early Supreme Court. The size of the Court varied during the 19th century, with the Court shrinking to 5 Justices for a while, fol-lowing the passage of the Judiciary Act of 1801, growing to as large as 10 Jus-tices in 1863. Then in 1869, Congress changed the number to nine, where it has remained. But the Court doesn’t need nine Jus-tices to actually decide a case. In fact, Congress has established the quorum requirements to be only six. If the Court ends in a tie decision, 4 to 4, or in the case of six justices, 3 to 3, the Court will not write an opinion but will affirm the lower court, or it will ask for a reargument of the case. In other words, the Court is already set up to function and is functioning, and it will continue to function with eight people. I would say what is really happening is that the Democrats, who imple-mented the nuclear option while they were leading the Senate and packed all the lower courts, urgently want to be able to pack the Supreme Court as well. That will not happen. We will also not allow a recess ap-pointment, as has been floated mul-tiple times in the media—the President will just do a recess appointment and go around us. The Senate chooses when the Senate is in recess, not the Presi-dent. So we can do this: We can remain in continuous session without recess to prevent a recess appointment by this President through the rest of this year. Many of my Republican colleagues and I have already agreed to be in Wash-ington every 3 days for the rest of this year to gavel in this body in pro forma session so this President cannot put in a recess appointment judge. Ironically enough, this right of the Senate was approved by the Supreme Court just a few years ago by a 9-to-0 ruling when this President tried to force in new members on the National Labor Relations Board through a re-cess appointment, and this Supreme Court kicked those out, saying the President cannot choose when the Sen-ate is in recess. Our Nation faces really big issues: ac-celerating debt, threats from ter-rorism, a struggling economy, major education, and health care reform issues. This is a moment when the peo-ple of the United States should speak about the direction of our Nation. We are still a nation of the people, by the people, for the people. And for the next President and for the next Supreme Court nomination, we should let the people decide. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, last month we all learned with great sad-ness of Justice Antonin Scalia’s pass-ing after nearly 30 years on the Court. He would have turned 80 years old on Friday, March 11. In recent weeks, foremost on people’s minds as they reflect on Justice Scalia’s legacy and his life is his dedi-cation to the letter of the law, his re-spect for constitutional and statutory text, his view that the U.S. Constitu-tion is a sacred document which must be read and adhered to. His decisions and opinions were aimed to follow the Constitution wher-ever it took him, even if it may not have been to a place where he would agree politically. Justice Scalia not only understood the importance of not legislating from the bench, but he also cared deeply about the lesson being taught by the work of the Court. Through his writings, his opinions, in-cluding his dissents, he taught us great lessons. Now all of this is very important and relevant, ironically, as we consider our role and path forward in the decision to fill his vacancy. Instead, unfortu-nately, we have seen rhetoric and argu-ments which fly in the face of that dedication to the text, to the Constitu-tion, to statutory law and rules, and following that letter. My esteemed Democratic colleagues have taken to the Senate floor, and they have encouraged outside groups to storm committee rooms—all arguing that somehow there is a legislative or constitutional mandate that the Sen-ate have hearings, take a vote now, and not allow the American people to weigh in through the election. They argue that somehow the Senate is con-stitutionally obligated to hold hearings and vote right now before the election, but as Justice Scalia would surely point out: Read the text. Look at the Constitution. Look at all relevant stat-utes and rules. That is not the case. It is clear, otherwise. In fact, it is crystal clear. So let’s do that in homage to Justice Scalia. He wrote many opinions arguing for exactly what I am saying: Read the clear language that is at issue—either the Constitution or a statute or what-ever is at issue. He wrote opinions against what before his time was ramp-ant use of so-called legislative history, looking at the history of how a law was passed really to give people fodder to make it up as they go along and reach almost any conclusion and interpreta-tion they want to. Justice Scalia taught us—and he had a real impact on the Court through his decisions—that we need an unwavering commitment to principle and respect to statutory text as written. As he often said in so many different ways, ‘‘Legislative history is irrelevant when the statutory text is clear.’’ In one opinion he noted that ‘‘if one were to search for an interpretive technique that, on the whole, was more likely to confuse than to clarify, one could hard-ly find a more promising candidate than legislative history.’’ He said di-rectly that ‘‘our cases have said that legislative history is irrelevant when the statutory text is clear.’’ Again, that is a big part of his legacy and very relevant in this discussion about how the Senate should fulfill its duties. Let’s look at the text of the Constitution and any relevant text like our rules below the Constitution. In the U.S. Constitution, article II, section 2, clause 2 says clearly: The President ‘‘shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, and all other Officers of the United States, whose Appointments are not herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by law.’’ That is what it says on the issue. That is all it says on the issue. Those words are straightforward, and those words do not mandate a hearing or a vote in any certain timeframe. It is very clear from the Founders and from numerous Court decisions since then that within the constraints of those words, the Senate sets its rules of how to proceed on all Senate matters, in-cluding confirmations. So another very important and very clear text that we should read word for word and adhere to are the standing Senate rules. Sen-ate rule XXXI states: ‘‘When nomina-tions shall be made by the President of the United States to the Senate, they shall, unless otherwise ordered, be re-ferred to appropriate committees; and the final question on every nomination shall be, ‘Will the Senate advise and consent to this nomination?’ which question shall not be put on the same day on which the nomination is re-ceived, nor on the day on which it may be reported by a committee, unless by unanimous consent.’’ It only says when the vote cannot be taken. It doesn’t say that a hearing has to happen or a vote has to be taken within a certain amount of time. Another part of rule XXXI is even more direct on this point: ‘‘Nomina-tions neither confirmed nor rejected during the session at which they are made shall not be acted upon at any succeeding session without being again made to the Senate by the President.’’ So this is even more direct and makes crystal clear that there is no re-quirement of a hearing or a vote on any particular nomination in any par-ticular timeframe during a session. Again, that is very straightforward, very crystal clear, but the Congres-sional Research Service has a report which validates and confirms the obvi-ous. Upon their review of all of this text, they say: 
A committee considering a nomination has four options. It can report the nomination to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.020 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1360 March 9, 2016 
the Senate favorably, unfavorably, or with-out recommendation, or it can choose to take no action. 
So they say the obvious from reading the relevant text. Those are the op-tions. There is no requirement for a hearing or for a vote within any cer-tain timeframe. There are other ‘‘authorities’’—I will put that in air quotes—which confirm this view, and ironically those authori-ties I am referring to are Democrats who are taking exactly the opposite view now. When the shoe was on the other foot, time and time again, they said: There is no requirement to move forward on any certain timeframe. The minority leader, H
ARRY REID, said: ‘‘Nowhere in [the Constitution] does it say the Senate has a duty to give Presidential [nominees] a vote. It says appointments shall be made with the advice and consent of the Senate. That is very different than saying every nominee receives a vote.’’ That is a direct quote. In June of 2003, Senator P
ATRICK  L
EAHY —he is significant because he is ranking member of the Judiciary Com-mittee—said clearly: 
The Constitution divides the appointment power between the president and the Senate. It expects senators to advise the President, not just rubber stamp his choices. It says ad-vise and consent, not nominate and rubber stamp. 
Even further back, in June of 1992, then-Chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee, now-Vice President J
OEBIDEN argued for the need to set aside par-tisanship and work to bring unity for-ward in the Senate by saying: ‘‘Presi-dent Bush should consider following the practice of a majority of his prede-cessors and not name a nominee until after the November election is com-pleted.’’ He said that during a Presi-dential election year, just like we are in the midst of a Presidential election year right now. C
HUCK SCHUMER , another leader of the Judiciary Committee, said much the same thing in the past, making crystal clear that there is no require-ment—in fact, he said 18 months before the expiration of President Bush’s term. So not during his last year, but 18 months before the end of that term that the Senate shouldn’t confirm any Bush nominee, except in extraordinary circumstances. It is very clear from their own words that there is no obligation to use any certain timeframe to have any absolute committee hearing or vote within a certain period of time. So then the question is, What is the best thing to do for the American people? I firmly believe the best thing to do for the American people is to put the Amer-ican people in charge, to put them in the lead, to maximize their role, their power, and their vote. That is what the opportunity of a major Presidential election gives us. Of course, if you have a vacancy early on in the term of a President, you are not going to have another big election for some time, but that is cer-tainly not the case right now. We are in the midst of a huge election with enormous consequences for the future, and it is very clear the choices—what-ever the final two choices may be— would offer very different options in terms of the type of Supreme Court Justice they would appoint. I think we best serve the American people in almost all cases—certainly in this case—by maximizing their voice, their role, and their power. They often feel absolutely shunned, put to the side, ignored by Congress, by Wash-ington now. We need to put them in charge, and in this Presidential elec-tion year we have a unique opportunity do that. That certainly is what I am committed to doing. I can tell you, as I travel Louisiana, the huge majority of my fellow citizens whom I have talked to agree with that approach. I just finished doing four townhall meetings in all different parts of the State. In a few weeks I am going to do four more, all different parts of the State. That is not a scientific sur-vey, but nobody came to those town-hall meetings who didn’t agree with that path forward. A great majority of calls and emails and letters from my fellow Louisiana citizens on this issue absolutely confirm and support that path forward. Let’s put the American people in charge. They are crying for a voice. They are crying with frustration over not being listened to by Washington. This is a major decision. Let’s put them in charge. Let’s let them lead in this Presidential election year on this very important issue. Of course, whoever is elected, the next President will have a big impact on our country. That person will serve for 4, maybe 8 years and make deci-sions that are enormous on a whole host of issues, but this appointment to the Supreme Court could have an even more lasting impact, could have an im-pact for decades to come, and it is even more important in that frame of mind, in that viewpoint, to put the American people in charge, to maximize their role and their voice about what direc-tion we should take. So many Louisianians feel as I do. The Court has strayed from Justice Scalia’s proper philosophy of actually reading the Constitution and reading statutory text and applying it as writ-ten. So many Louisianians feel as I do; that they are making it up, in many cases, as they go along; that they are legislating from the bench; that they are using clever techniques, such as looking to legislative history—some-thing Justice Scalia, as I noted, railed against—as ammunition to get to whatever endpoint they desire to get to. That is not the role of any court, certainly not the role of the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court should apply the Constitution and the law as written, not make it up as they go along, not legislate from the bench, not get to some political endpoint through clever legal arguments—just as we in under-standing our role should read the Con-stitution, should read the Senate rules and not suggest what is clearly not the case; that somehow there is a mandate to have a hearing, to have a vote in some set period of time. I urge my colleagues to put the American people in charge. This is a big decision, and I think we will do far better putting them in charge than al-lowing some insider Washington game to control and manipulate the process without hearing their voice, which we have every opportunity to properly hear through this important election this year. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I am so pleased we are making strong progress on the Comprehensive Addic-tion and Recovery Act, and I hope we will get this bill done within a day. It is very important, especially to States with rural areas, such as the Presiding Officer’s and mine, and I am glad we are starting to make headway. U.S.-CANADA RELATIONS  
Today, Mr. President, I am here to talk about something else, and that is the importance of the U.S. relationship with Canada. Senator C
RAPO and I co-chair the Canada-United States Inter-parliamentary Group and have been working in the trenches on everything from softwood lumber, to the Detroit- Windsor bridge crossing, to issues of in-tellectual property, to dairy, to beef, and with the arrival of Prime Minister Trudeau, this work has suddenly got-ten a little more glamorous. We are ex-cited about that and excited about the Nation’s newfound interest in our im-portant relationship with Canada. In fact, Canada is one of our largest trad-ing partners. There is so much business that goes on between the Presiding Of-ficer’s State and Canada, as well as my State and Canada. Prime Minister Trudeau is bringing a newfound inter-est in this work. Many of our two countries’ priorities, which include national security, infra-structure, and energy, align closely. During this visit, I expect our relation-ship will deepen, and we will hear more about how our two nations will work together on our shared priorities. We hope they will discuss hockey, which is something that is very important to Minnesota and Canada. A number of our hockey players have actually come from Canada, and a number of the Ca-nadian hockey players have come from Minnesota. But we think there are other important topics as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.011 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1361 March 9, 2016 
First, I will start with our economic relationship—a relationship that sup-ports 9 million U.S. jobs. Canada pur-chases more goods from America than any other nation. If you asked people what country in the world is the big-gest purchaser of U.S. goods, I think they might not predict that the answer is Canada. Canada is the No. 1 buyer of goods produced in 35 out of 50 States, including Minnesota. Last year Cana-dians bought $376 billion worth of goods made by American businesses, and it is a two-way street. The United States imports more than $300 billion in Canadian goods every year. Over the years, to enhance this rela-tionship, we have taken many impor-tant steps to improve the flow of trav-ellers and goods across our common border. In the wake of September 11, we created a U.S. passport card, which is a secure but less expensive and more convenient alternative to a traditional passport. We removed unnecessary dou-ble screening of luggage—a bipartisan bill I passed with Senator R
OYBLUNT  of Missouri—and then expanded the number of preclearance airports, which allows American security personnel to be in those airports. I think we are up to eight now. We have agreed to build a new bridge connecting Windsor, Ontario, and De-troit, MI. It is a source of great con-cern. The bridge that is there now is privately owned and has huge lines. It is not a very good situation. So a new bridge is in the works, and we are very excited that our two countries worked on that together. I especially want to acknowledge Ambassador Doer, the longtime Am-bassador from Canada to the United States who worked on that with our two Ambassadors. I also want to ac-knowledge the newly named Canadian Ambassador, Ambassador David MacNaughton, who will continue the strong diplomatic relations between our countries. Our national security partnership is also incredibly important. We share the longest border in the world with Canada. Obviously border issues are important, but more than that, Can-ada, as part of NATO, has worked with us not only in Afghanistan, where they supplied many troops and now provide funding there, but they are also on the frontline with ISIS. They actually have hundreds of trainers working on the frontline there. I would be remiss not to mention them standing up to Rus-sian aggression in Ukraine. Believe it or not, Canada has a major Ukrainian population, and they have been our friend in dealing with Ukraine as well. Prime Minister Trudeau has also been a leader in welcoming refugees to the country. Right after his election, he showed up at the airport to greet Syrian refugees. It was not just a sym-bol; they actually brought in 25,000 Syrian refugees during the last year and are expected to take in 10,000 more this year, which is significantly more in total than the United States has been able to bring in. We know the vet-ting process is incredibly important, but we do want to thank Canada for taking part in what is a travesty inter-nationally. They are working on combating Ebola with initiatives such as Power Africa and are also working with us on the climate change numbers. By the way, our two countries are working together with Mexico. We have formed a very powerful trading block, and we want to encourage that with our standards and other things that we do in terms of building elec-trical capabilities to allow us, as a North American block, with a new day in North America, which was agreed to among the three Presidents of coun-tries in the last 2 years, to compete in the block in an increasingly competi-tive global economy, including harmo-nizing emission standards and doing other work together. As one of the cochairs of the Canada- United States Interparliamentary Group, we welcome the new Prime Min-ister to Washington. When I was sworn in as a U.S. Senator in 2013, my friends and colleagues celebrated at the Cana-dian Embassy. I am the first person I have found to have my swearing-in at the Canadian Embassy, but I chose it to make a point—that we should not forget one of our best trading partners. For years it was the only Embassy draped in banners that read ‘‘friends, neighbors, partners, allies.’’ So many other countries do not acknowledge their friendship with the United States in a way that I think they should. Can-ada doesn’t hide it. Canada is proud of it. And we welcome the Prime Minister today. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time on amendment No. 3378 is expired. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 3374, AS MODIFIED  
The question occurs on amendment No. 3374, offered by the Senator from Iowa, Mr. G
RASSLEY , for the Senator from Indiana, Mr. D
ONNELLY . Hearing no further debate, the ques-tion is on agreeing to the amendment. The amendment (No. 3374), as modi-fied, was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 3378, AS AMENDED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question occurs on amendment No. 3378, offered by the Senator from Iowa, Mr. G
RASSLEY . Hearing no further debate, the ques-tion is on agreeing to the amendment. The amendment (No. 3378), as amend-ed, was agreed to. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Deb Fischer, John Barrasso, Shelley Moore Capito, Roy Blunt, Johnny Isakson, John Boozman, Mike Crapo, David Vit-ter, Mike Rounds, Bill Cassidy, James E. Risch, Lindsey Graham, John McCain, Thom Tillis, Orrin G. Hatch. The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCAS-
KILL) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 93, nays 3, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 33 Leg.] YEAS—93 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCain McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—3 
Lee Markey Sasse 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cruz McCaskill Rubio Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 93, the nays are 3. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. The Senator from Utah. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.013 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1362 March 9, 2016 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, the opening words to the preamble of the Constitu-tion of the United States are familiar to all of us: ‘‘We the People.’’ But what do those words mean? It was ‘‘the People’’ who established the U.S. Constitution. We established, among other things, the Senate in arti-cle I, section 1, of the Constitution. It is for ‘‘the People’’ that my colleagues and I, along with every other public of-ficial across these United States, now serve. And it was on behalf of ‘‘the People’’ that the Constitution established ‘‘one supreme Court,’’ consisting of judges appointed ‘‘by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate.’’ Since the tragic passing of the late Justice Antonin Scalia, there has been a great deal of debate about this par-ticular provision of the Constitution. But there should be no controversy. The text of our founding charter is clear. The President has full and complete power to nominate individuals to the Supreme Court, and the Senate has full and complete power to reject or con-firm the nominee. It is as simple as that. Indeed, the Senate retains com-plete discretion with respect to wheth-er it should even consider—much less accept or reject—Presidential nomi-nees. This should not be controversial. It is how virtually every student of the Con-stitution—and how nearly every Mem-ber of Congress—has understood the Senate’s power of advice and consent for the past 228 years since the Con-stitution was ratified. Senator H
ARRY REID said in 2005: ‘‘Nowhere in that document does it say the Senate has a duty to give presi-dential nominees a vote.’’ Senator P
ATLEAHY in 2003 acknowl-edged that the power of ‘‘advice and consent’’ included the power to with-hold consent. Then-Senator J
OEBIDEN in 1992 ar-gued from the floor of this Chamber that the Senate should refuse to con-sider a Supreme Court nominee until the people had spoken in the upcoming Presidential election. But now, with the Presidential elec-tion in full swing, some of my friends on the other side of the aisle maintain that the opposite is true. Some argue instead that the Senate is constitu-tionally obligated to hold hearings and to vote on any candidate President Obama might eventually nominate to replace Justice Scalia on the Supreme Court. I respectfully dissent. If this a-textual and a-historical ac-count of the Constitution were accu-rate—and it is not, but if it were—then prior Senates violated the Constitution when they did not cast up-or-down votes on Supreme Court nominees. Even the Standing Rules of the Senate would be themselves suspect under this theory, contemplating as they do that ‘‘[n]ominations neither confirmed nor rejected during the session at which they are made shall not be acted upon at any succeeding session without being again made to the Senate by the President. . . . ’’ Neither does the prospect of a tem-porary eight-member Supreme Court raise any significant constitutional concern or even any significant prag-matic concern for the Supreme Court of the United States. For instance, during the Supreme Court’s 2010-to-2011 term, the Court de-cided over 30 cases with 8 or fewer Jus-tices participating, almost entirely as a result of recusals arising, as they often do in this circumstance, from Justice Kagan’s nomination. Similarly, following the retirement of Justice Powell in 1987, the Court acted on 80 cases with 8 or fewer Justices. In short, the sky does not fall when the Court operates with only eight Justices. As Justice Breyer recently stated, the work of the Court ‘‘[f]or the most part . . . will not change.’’ Now, we have to remember that any Supreme Court nominee made by President Obama would not be seated until weeks before the people choose the next President. Let me explain what I mean by that. Even if the Presi-dent of the United States were to nominate someone today to serve on the Supreme Court of the United States to replace Justice Scalia, using historical averages, under any calcula-tion of the amount of time that it typi-cally takes to confirm a Supreme Court Justice, that confirmation could not be completed until after the Su-preme Court is scheduled to have heard its last oral arguments for this term— the term that began in October of 2015. What does that mean? Well, it means that for the rest of this year, the Jus-tice couldn’t participate in cases being argued this year. What that also means is that by the time the Court resumes its work and begins its next session starting in October of this year, we would be just weeks before the next Presidential election. Yet that would be the first moment at which any newly confirmed Justice would start hearing cases being argued before the Court—cases being argued on their merits for consideration before the Court—just weeks before the next Pres-idential election. Consider also that since the nomina-tion of Justice Scalia to the Supreme Court in 1986, nearly 30 years ago, it has taken more than 70 days, on aver-age, for the Senate to confirm or reject a nominee after that nominee has been submitted to the Senate for its advice and consent. So, again, based on that historic av-erage, even if the President nominated somebody today and assuming that nominee were confirmed, that indi-vidual would not be seated in time to hear or rule on any of the cases the Court is considering on the merits for its docket this year, and that would, of course, mean that the next time argu-ments were heard, the first time this particular Justice could participate in such arguments on the merits before the Court would be just weeks before the Presidential election. This is a lifetime appointment to the highest Court in the land—a Court that considers not only the interpretation of Federal laws, statutes, and regula-tions in operation within the Federal Government, but also the very mean-ing of the Constitution itself. In light of the fact that this is a lifetime ap-pointment to that Court and in light of the fact that the people are about to speak this November to decide who ought to occupy the Oval Office, we should, in respect and deference to the people of this great country, wait until the American people have spoken. They deserve a voice. In my view, the future of the Su-preme Court is now at stake, and the election for our next President is also, of course, well underway already. So it is the people who should determine what kind of Supreme Court they wish to have. Now, the President is entitled, of course, to discharge his own constitu-tional authority to nominate. No one can take that from him. That belongs to him. But the Senate is equally enti-tled to withhold consent and to protect the people’s voice. We have to remem-ber that it was considered at the Con-stitutional Convention the possibility that the Senate would itself have the exclusive power to nominate executive branch officials. It was also suggested that the Senate be given a veto power over the President’s appointment pre-rogative. Neither of those ended up in the Constitution. Instead, what ended up in the Constitution, based, I believe, on the Massachusetts Constitution, was a shared power—one in which the President has the power to nominate but does not have the power to appoint, unless or until such time as the Senate chooses to grant its advice and consent and thereby confirm a nominee put for-ward by the President. As James Madison wrote in The Fed-eralist Papers, ambition must counter-act ambition, and the people should de-cide. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, there is a vacancy on the most important Court in America, and the message from Sen-ate Republicans is crystal clear: Forget the Constitution. It doesn’t matter who President Obama nominates be-cause the Republicans will allow no votes on that nominee. They will hold no hearings on that nominee. Their response to one of the most sol-emn and consequential tasks that our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.021 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1363 March 9, 2016 
government performs—the confirma-tion of a Supreme Court Justice—will be to pretend that that nominee and President Obama himself simply do not exist—cannot see them, cannot hear them. At the same time they are blocking all possible Supreme Court nominees, Senate Republicans are in a panic be-cause their party seems to be on the verge of nominating one of two extrem-ists for President—two candidates who think nothing of attacking the legit-imacy of their political opponents and demeaning millions of Americans, two candidates whose extremism, Repub-licans worry, will lead their party to defeat in November. These are not separate issues. They are the same issue. If Republican Sen-ators want to stand up to extremists running for President, they can start right now by standing up to extremists in the Senate. They can start by doing what they were elected to do right here in the Senate. They can start by doing their jobs. The refusal of the Republican Sen-ators to execute the most basic con-stitutional duties of their office is shocking, but it is not new. Article II, section 2 of the Constitution says that the President of the United States ‘‘shall nominate’’ judges, executive of-ficials, and Justices to the Supreme Court with the ‘‘Advice and Consent of the Senate.’’ There is no secret clause that says ‘‘except when that President is a Democrat,’’ but for 7 years that is how Republicans in the Senate have acted. Since the first day of the Obama Presidency, Republican Senators have bowed to extremists who have rejected the Obama Presidency and abused the rules of the Senate in an all-out effort to cripple his administration and to paralyze the Federal courts. The Con-stitution directs Senators to provide advice and consent on the President’s nominee, and every Senator swore an oath to uphold the Constitution. If Senators object to a nominee’s quali-fications, they can vote no and they can explain themselves to the Amer-ican people. President Obama and I are members of the same political party, but I haven’t agreed with every single nomination he has made, and I haven’t been shy about it. That is how advice and consent works. Learn about the nominee and then use your best good- faith judgment about their qualifica-tions, but Republican extremists aren’t voting against individuals based on a good-faith judgment about a specific person. No. They are blocking votes wholesale in order to keep those jobs vacant and undermine the government itself. For years Republicans have executed a strategy to delay votes on confirming government officials across the board. In 2013, only 1 year into President Obama’s second term, Republican lead-ers flatly rejected his authority to con-firm any judges to fill any of the three open seats on the second highest court in the country, and Democrats had to change the filibuster rules in order to move those nominees forward. Once Republicans took over the Senate in 2015, judicial confirmations nearly ground to a halt. It is not just judges. For months after the President won reelection, Re-publicans held up his nominees to run the Department of Labor and Environ-mental Protection Agency, largely on the suspicion that those highly quali-fied individuals might actually help those agencies do their work. For years Republicans held up nominees to the National Labor Relations Board—even Republican nominees—in order to crip-ple the ability of that 80-year-old agen-cy to resolve disputes between workers and their bosses. For years Republicans held up the President’s choice to run the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, refusing to confirm anyone unless the President would agree to gut the agency. Republicans regularly hold up the confirmation of dozens of Ambassadors, undermining our national security and our relationships with other nations. Last year Republicans blocked con-firmation of the Attorney General, the highest law enforcement official in this country—blocked her for 166 days— longer than it took the Senate to con-sider the prior seven Attorneys General combined. For more than a year the Republican chairman of the Banking Committee hasn’t held a single vote on any of the 16 Presidential nominees sitting on his desk, not even nominees who are crit-ical to maintaining the financial sta-bility of this country or the ones who are responsible for choking off the flow of money to ISIS. The message couldn’t be clearer. No matter how much it damages the Na-tion, no matter how much it under-mines the courts, no matter whether it cripples the government or lays waste to our Constitution, Senate Repub-licans do pretty much everything they can to avoid acknowledging the legit-imacy of our democratically elected President. For too long the Repub-licans in the Senate have wanted to have it both ways. They want to feed the ugly lies and nullify the Obama Presidency while also claiming they can govern responsibly. Well, that game is over. Candidates motivated by bigotry and resentment, candidates un-able to govern, candidates reflecting the same extremism that has been nursed along for 7 years right here in the U.S. Senate are on the verge of winning the Republican Party’s nomi-nation for President. Now Republican Senators must make a decision because here is the deal: Ex-tremists may not like it, but Barack Obama won the Presidency in 2008 by 9 million votes. He won reelection in 2012 by 5 million votes. There were no re-counts and no hanging chads, no stuff-ing the ballot box or tampering with voting machines, no intervention by the U.S. Supreme Court. No. President Obama was elected the legitimate President 7 years ago, and he is the le-gitimate President right now. So if it is true that some Republican Senators are finally ready to stand up to the ex-tremism that denies the legitimacy of this President and of the Constitution, I say to you: Do your job. Vote for a Supreme Court nominee. Do your job. Vote on district court judges and cir-cuit court judges. Do your job. Vote on Ambassadors. Do your job. Vote on agency leaders and counterterrorism officials. If you want to stop extremism in your party, you can start by show-ing the American people that you re-spect the President of the United States and the Constitution enough to do your job right here in the U.S. Sen-ate. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, today I rise to address the responsibility of the Senate in its advice and consent role under the Constitution. Of course, the President’s duty is to nominate a Justice when the vacancy exists for a Justice, and that responsibility is very clearly written into our Constitution. The Constitution also very clearly con-veys the Senate’s role in providing ad-vice and consent. This is the vision of our founding document. Actually, our Founding Fathers wrestled with ex-actly how to best construct this nomi-nation and confirmation process. They knew there had to be a way to appoint judges in the judiciary and certainly ambassadors and directors in the exec-utive branch, how to go about that. In those early efforts to craft the Con-stitution, some argued that this re-sponsibility should be with the Execu-tive, with the President; others argued that, no, no, it is better given to the assembly, to the body. Well, that con-versation went back and forth. We can read a little bit about the thinking through Alexander Hamilton’s The Federalist Papers 76 because he laid out the conversation as it went back and forth. They recognized that there were certainly advantages to having the President make the appointments. I quote from Alexander Hamilton’s paper: 
The sole and undivided responsibility of one man will naturally beget a livelier sense of duty and a more exact regard to reputa-tion. He will under this account feel himself under stronger obligations and more inter-ested to investigate with care the qualities requisite to the stations to be filled. 
In short, direct your accountability to one individual who would be respon-sible for carrying that out. But they were also concerned about some disadvantages of the Executive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.021 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1364 March 9, 2016 
making appointments. Giving absolute power of appointment to the President could lead to unwarranted favoritism, as it was put, or incompetence in those appointed. Well, then again they thought, how about the assembly? They recognize that you have certainly a rich makeup of views in an assembly and perhaps that could be of value. On the other hand, they also felt that there would be a lot of horse-trading over appoint-ments and that they would just never get the job done, and indeed, as Ham-ilton noted, ‘‘the intrinsic merit of the candidate will be too often left out of sight.’’ So that was the dilemma, and they came up with a strategy to take the strength of the Executive and the strength of the assembly; specifically, that you would indeed have the power invested in one person, and of course the Executive, in creating nominations for the executive branch, wanted to make sure those—there was an inher-ent desire to make sure those folks were competent, but there was also still this concern about, what if there was too much favoritism and what if individuals of unfit character were ap-pointed to the bench? So give the Sen-ate the chance to review and provide consent or, as Hamilton wrote, ‘‘to pre-vent the appointment of unfit char-acters.’’ That is what it boiled down to. So the strength of the Executive and the strength of the Senate combined in order to solve this knotty problem of how you filled the key posts in the ju-diciary and the key posts in the execu-tive. All of this led to the exact crafting of article II, section 2, of the Constitu-tion. It referred that the President— ‘‘and he shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court,’’ and so on and so forth. Of course, this isn’t, when there is a vacancy, the President can if he or she desires; no, it is shall. This is a responsibility. You have to fill the position. So the President has an obligation under this clause, and we in the Senate have an obligation to fol-low up with the advice and consent function. That is where we stand and why this esteemed Chamber has operated now throughout the more than 200-year his-tory in providing that check and bal-ance on the Executive. It is the Presi-dent’s responsibility to nominate, and it is our responsibility to vet those nominees, to examine them, to see if they have the fit, the characteristics of both their own qualifications and their character. That is the basis: qualifica-tions and character. That is the ques-tion that we have addressed in this Chamber century after century. But here we are today with a unique circumstance in which the leadership of this body has said: We are not going to fulfill the responsibility that is given to us under the Constitution. We are going on strike. We don’t want to do our job. I think the American people are say-ing the opposite: Senate, do your job. Senate, you were assigned a job in the Constitution. Senators, you signed an oath to abide by that Constitution. You have a responsibility under the vi-sion of our Government to make it work. You have a responsibility to ful-fill that job, to do that job. The Supreme Court is only the latest manifestation of the challenges we have had with nominations for the ex-ecutive and for the judicial. I hope we can come together and develop a much more rapid system of vetting nominees and, if there is not a major objection, having those at lower levels essentially conveyed quickly into their posts, be-cause this is something that we know will be the case. We know that over time, there will be Republican administrations and there will be Democratic administra-tions. We know that under the vision of three co-equal branches of Govern-ment, it is not the role of Congress to systematically undermine the other two branches. That was not the design of our Constitution. So we wield a par-ticularly sacred responsibility not to use our partisan inclinations as a tool to try to destroy the Presidency of a different political party or to pack, ba-sically, the courts according to our own philosophy. We are not doing that now. As a body, we are failing our re-sponsibility. The Constitution says: Do your job. The people of America say: Do your job. The leadership here in the Senate is saying: We refuse to do our job. That is just wrong. Our Court does play this critical role in making sure that our laws and regu-lations stay within the bounds of the Constitution. It is not since the Civil War that the Supreme Court has been left with a vacancy of more than a year. The Civil War is a very unique circumstance. Since the 1980s, every person appointed to the Supreme Court has been given a prompt hearing and a vote within 100 days. Since 1975, it has taken on average only 67 days to con-firm Supreme Court nominees. We can look at the list: Justice Kagan, 88 days; Justice Sotomayor, 67 days; Alito, 83; Roberts, 63; Breyer, 74; Ginsburg, 51; Thomas, 99; Souter, 69; and, on through the list, Kennedy, 65; Scalia, who just passed away, 85; and Rehnquist, 89. You notice that these are nomina-tions by both Democratic Presidents and Republican Presidents. And in each case, the Senate—regardless of the party in control of the Senate—did their job, vetted these nominees, held a vote on them, and proceeded. But now we have more than 317 days still left in this administration, and the leadership of this body is saying that they are not going to do their job for 317 days. They are not going to meet with a nominee, not going to hold a committee meeting on the nominee, not going to report that to the floor, not going to hold a floor debate—not because of the stand-ards set up in the Constitution, not be-cause of this standard: Is this a fit character? Is he or she fit by qualifica-tions? Is he or she fit by judicial tem-perament? The standard of unfit char-acter—no, this is a strike, a job strike based solely on partisan politics. This is bringing partisan politics into the very place it should never be—con-firmation of our judges not at 100 days but more than 300 days, which is to-tally out of sync with the history of this Nation, totally out of sync with the responsibility that each of us is as-signed to help provide advice and con-sent. More than a dozen Supreme Court Justices have been confirmed in the final year of a Presidency. I want to emphasize that because there have been folks here in the Chamber who have said: Well, there should be some special rule. In fact, they even thought there was some special rule that you don’t confirm a Supreme Court Justice in the final year of a Presidency. That simply is not the case. More than a dozen Justices have been con-firmed in the final year of a Presi-dency. Most recently, Justice Kennedy was confirmed in the last year of Presi-dent Reagan’s final term. It was not a Republican-led Senate that did that confirmation. It was a Democrat party- led Senate that did that confirmation because the Democratic Party leader-ship and Members said: This is not par-tisanship. This is a responsibility we have, and we are going to execute it. But, unfortunately, we are hearing a very different story at this moment from the Republican leadership in this body, and it is an embarrassment. It is an embarrassment to this Chamber. It is an embarrassment to our responsi-bility. I certainly am appealing that it be remedied. There is time to remedy it. The President hasn’t put forward his nomination yet. It is time to recognize that perhaps those comments that were put forward in the heat of the mo-ment can be set aside and we can still do our job. When people elect a President, they don’t say to the President: Do your job for 3 years, but you get the last year off. When they elect us, they don’t say: Well, do your job for 5 years, but you get the last year off. They certainly don’t say: And by the way, after a cou-ple of years, you can take a year off from your constitutional responsibil-ities. A President is elected for all 4 years. Our responsibility is to provide advice and consent, and it goes on con-tinuously. In the last 200 years, the Senate has carried out its duty to give a fair and timely hearing and a floor vote to the President’s Supreme Court nominees— whether the President was a Democrat or a Republican, whether this body was led by a Democratic majority or a Re-publican majority. Let’s not change that tradition. Let’s not fail our re-sponsibility. In fact, let’s honor our constitutional responsibility. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.023 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1365 March 9, 2016 
I will close by calling on my col-leagues: Let’s work together to dimin-ish the partisanship and improve the problem-solving. Let’s turn down the rhetoric in terms of our back and forth during this campaign year and, cer-tainly, turn it down enough that we can fulfill that core responsibility that provides advice and consent on nomi-nations and certainly on what is prob-ably the most significant and impor-tant nomination—that of an individual to the Supreme Court of the United States of America. To summarize, the Constitution lays out the job before us. The American citizens expect us to do our jobs. Let’s do our job. 
GENETICALLY MODIFIED FOOD  
Mr. President, I am going to shift gears here to discuss a bill that has re-cently come out of committee and the way that we should consider respond-ing to it. This conversation is all about defending Americans’ right to know what is in the food they buy and Amer-icans’ right to know what is in the food they feed to their family and they feed to their children. I will also discuss the legislation I am putting forward to at-tempt to be a bridge between some very different visions on that topic. Let me start by saying this is all about genetically modified food and the information provided to citizens on the package about that. This often turns into a debate: Well, GMO has done some wonderful things over here. Others say: Well, it has created some problems over here. I am going to acknowledge that both of those are true. It has done some very positive things, and I will mention some in specific. But it has also cre-ated some challenges, some problems, and I will mention some of those. But after we recognize that that is the case, where do we come back to? Here is where we come back to: We should enable the individual in our beautiful Republic to make the decision and not have Big Government make the deci-sion or suppress information. That is what happens in the non-‘‘we the peo-ple’’ world. That is what happens in dictatorships. That is not what should happen here in the United States of America, where individuals have the right to know what is in their food. Let me go ahead and explain some of the benefits and some of the chal-lenges. Let’s start with the example of golden rice. Golden rice was developed by the International Rice Research In-stitute. It provides greater amounts of vitamin A in the rice to reduce the de-ficiency that exists in many diets around this planet for that essential vi-tamin. That is a pretty positive develop-ment. I don’t know at this point of any side effects or other things that have been brought to light. Nature is com-plicated, but for now, let’s recognize that providing vitamin A where it is needed is a pretty positive thing. Let’s take a look at carrots. Carrot cells have been transgenically modified to produce a chemical that treats Gaucher’s disease. Gaucher’s disease is a metabolic disorder where people lack a specific enzyme which helps rid the body of certain fatty substances. Those fatty substances then accumulate, causing enlarged livers, spleens, bone damage, bruising, and anemia. These transgenic carrots are part of the an-swer, part of the solution. Let’s turn to sweet potatoes. Re-searchers are genetically modifying sweet potatoes to withstand multiple viral infections commonly encountered in South Africa, making this a much more successful crop and providing more food to people who need more food. So that is a positive development. All of this is not a one-sided sci-entific picture. There are also scientif-ically documented concerns. We can call them scientifically documented problems that have occurred with transgenic crops. Let me start by noting that the most common transgenic crops in America are crops that have been modified to be resistant to glyphosate. That is an her-bicide. After the introduction of these resistant crops, which means you can put more herbicides or weed killers— you can put a lot more weed killer onto the acreage—you basically knock out the weeds much more easily and less expensively than with other strategies. What happened? Well, basically, since 1994—early 1990s—several major crops have become almost 100-percent transgenic-glyphosate tolerant. The amount of glyphosate put on the crops has grown from 7.4 million pounds in 1994—let’s round it off—to 160 million pounds in 2012, and the number keeps climbing. This is a huge amount of her-bicide. Try to picture in your head 160 million pounds of herbicide. Well, it is so effective in killing everything ex-cept the GM corn, GM soybeans, and GM sugar beets. It is so effective in killing everything else that very few weeds survive. One of the weeds that doesn’t survive, because most don’t, is milkweed. Milkweed happens to be the food for the monarch butterfly. As we have seen the enormous increase of glyphosate applied to our fields, we have seen a crashing of the monarch butterfly ecology. It is not the only thing affecting the monarch. Several other things are affecting them as well, but it is—in scientific study after study—a very significant factor. Let’s also take a look at something else; that is, that all of this glyphosate doesn’t stay on the fields. When it rains, it gets washed into our water-ways. Our waterways are full of things that are affected by our herbicides, and so it has a big impact on the ecology of our streams and rivers. That is a seri-ous scientifically documented issue that we are continuing to learn more about as time passes. Let’s turn to another issue. This is a fascinating story. It is about a pest that bores into the roots of corn. It is called the corn rootworm. The corn was modified so it would have a pes-ticide in the cells and would kill the rootworm when it bored into the corn, but guess what happened. If you do this on a vast scale, Mother Nature comes along and has a few genetic mutations here and there and suddenly that rootworm starts to propagate with oth-ers that are now resistant to this pes-ticide that has been put into the roots. So now more pesticide has to be added to the corn, and as a result of that we have an opposite outcome than what was expected. The hope was that this would reduce pesticides, but now you have to put the pesticides back in it, and so now we have the evolution of superbugs. Here we have the adult beetle, and the rootworm is a reference to the larvae stage of this beetle. These are the type of concerns that are raised. I say all of this just to explain that while there are benefits of transgenic crops, there are also issues that are raised in the natural world. So anyone who takes this floor and says that no-body should be concerned about bio-engineered crops is simply refusing to look at the scientific literature that says, no, there are things we should be concerned about. That is why it comes back to the right of the individual to know what is in their food. They want to know if it is a transgenic crop, and they can look up the details and make their own decision. Why have Big Gov-ernment say that we are going to make the decision for you? Why have Big Government say that we don’t trust you with information and we are not going to allow you to know what is in your food? No. That should be in some dictatorship, not in the United States of America. Well, we have a big battle now be-cause out of committee last week has come a bill, and this bill is known as the DARK bill. It stands for Deny Americans the Right to Know because Big Ag says that we don’t believe in this whole ‘‘we the people’’ model of a republic. No, we like to have a govern-ment that makes decisions for people and that denies information to people because we don’t trust them, as con-sumers, to decide what they want to eat. We don’t want them to know what they are feeding their children and their family. We want to make the de-cision for them. Well, 90-plus percent of Americans disagree. They want the in-formation to make the decision on their own. They can find out about the benefits over here. They can find out about the concerns over here. Different foods have different transgenic crops in them. They should get to make the de-cision and not have Big Government making the decision for them. This bill, the DARK Act, prohibits counties, cities, and States from any decision to provide information on a package to their citizens about what is in their food regarding transgenic crops. I got together with the representa-tives of the food industry and advo-cates for consumer information. I tried 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.025 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1366 March 9, 2016 
to find out if there is an overlap so we can craft a bill that will bring these two communities together, and we made some progress on that, and so I will share that with everyone. Basically, a big concern of the food industry—totally legitimate—is that they don’t want 50 different standards in 50 different States or to have a bunch of counties decide to make up their own rules, which would result in hundreds or thousands of rules. If you operate a warehouse, you can’t send different cans of soups to grocery stores across the country. No. So that makes sense. They want a 50-State so-lution. Furthermore, they want to have it acknowledged that there is nothing pejorative about the concept of bioengineering or transgenic. They want to know that people know this is a situation where there are some posi-tive benefits, and I have mentioned some of those positive benefits. They don’t want a label on the front of the package because they think it would be scary to consumers, and they want flexibility as to exactly what system they use to alert consumers. The bill I put forward provides all of those goals for a 50-State solution. There is nothing on the front of the package, nothing pejorative, and pro-vides flexibility for the food industry. It does not go to the final step that much of the food industry wants, which is no unpackaged labeling because then there is no compromise between the two sides. The consumer side would like to have something mandatory so it is on each package of food. They want it clear so a person can pick up the food or the can or the sack and have it easy to identify on the package. That is the compromise bill I have put forward. It enables the food industry to either put an asterisk on an ingredient that is bioengineered and have it explained below or it enables an industry to put a symbol in parentheses after the in-gredient or it enables an industry to just put a symbol on the ingredients panel. In Brazil they use a ‘‘t.’’ It is a very simple ‘‘t.’’ It is not scary, but for those who want to know, it is identi-fied. This approach of simplicity—nothing scary, simple access that is easy to see—this is the bulk of what both sides want to accomplish so we can have a 50–State standard. It has been endorsed by a number of groups. Over the last few days my bill has been endorsed by Campbell’s, Stoneyfield, and Nature’s Path. It has been endorsed by Amy’s Kitchen and Ben & Jerry’s and Just Label It. We can give up the ability of each State to have a separate labeling sys-tem if we do this simple symbol or pa-rentheses or asterisk on the ingredi-ents panel so a person who cares can look it up. I think about it this way. My daugh-ter has always wanted to buy products that don’t have highly enriched corn syrup or high fructose corn syrup. Along the way, she read something and said: I am just not sure that is some-thing I want to buy. So she picks up a package, turns it over, and often the ingredients on the package have tiny print, but she can figure it out. It is the same for this. Enable the consumer who is willing and wants to make the effort to be able to pick up a can— again, it doesn’t have to be on the front—and find out what is going on. This is the world standard. There are 64 other countries, including 28 mem-bers of the European Union, Japan, Australia, and Brazil, that all require some type of indication on the ingredi-ents panel or on the package. Do you know who else is in that group? China. China is a dictatorship. China doesn’t deny its citizens the right to know. How is it possible that a bill in this Chamber has been introduced to take away the right of Americans to know what is in their food? Even China doesn’t do that, and we must not do it either. I appreciate the folks who have al-ready signed up to sponsor this bill. Senator L
EAHY , Senator T ESTER , Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN , Senator S ANDERS , Sen-ator M
URPHY , Senator G ILLIBRAND , and Senator B
LUMENTHAL , thank you. Thank you for standing up for your citizens’ right to know. Thank you for standing up for a fair compromise that solves the big problem the food indus-try is facing with the potential of 50 different States having 50 different standards. Thank you for finding the area of compromise that works on both sides of this equation. I appreciate the endorsements. I ap-preciate the sponsors, but what I really appreciate is that we have freedom of speech in our country to be able to carry on this conversation, but how is it consistent to have freedom of speech and then say that we want to ban infor-mation from our consumers? How is that consistent? This is like the mob that says that we don’t want our citi-zens to read certain books so we are going to burn them, we are going to ban them—and that is what this DARK Act does. It has been introduced and went through the Agriculture Com-mittee. It bans the ability of States to provide information to their con-sumers. That is just wrong. Even China doesn’t go there, and we should not go there either. I thank the Presiding Officer. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, ear-lier this afternoon we had a very strong vote here in the U.S. Senate to move forward on the legislation we are currently considering. It is called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act. It is legislation that is in-tended to make the Federal Govern-ment a better partner with State and local governments, with our nonprofits who are in the trenches around the country, and with all of our States dealing with this now-epidemic level of heroin addiction, prescription drug ad-diction, and overdoses. Today, as we are here in the Senate, on average, we will lose over 100 people a day in the United States of America to deaths from overdoses. Frankly, that is just part of the problem, as hor-rible as that is. So many people are being saved by this miracle drug called naloxone or Narcan. Also, others who may not be overdosing are not work-ing. Their families are broken apart. They are committing crimes to support their addiction. So many Americans are not achieving their God-given pur-pose because of this addiction issue that is gripping our country. Our legis-lation is meant to address it in a very direct way. The debate on the floor that we had over the past week has been very inter-esting to me. It is the first time in dec-ades that this Congress has taken up this issue in this manner. We have had a very open debate on addiction policy. What does it mean? I think what you heard Members say on both sides of the aisle is that we have learned a lot about addiction over the years and that addiction now is viewed by most as a disease, an illness. Like other ill-nesses, it needs treatment. I think that is a very important change in terms of how we address this issue, and the policy before us today on this floor that I hope we will vote on in the next 12 hours or so represents a change in thinking about this, that in-deed we want to do everything we can to prevent the addiction in the first place, to keep people out of the funnel of addiction, to have better efforts in education and prevention, and that is in this legislation. But also, once we have people who are addicted, we need to get them into treatment. And for people who are arrested for possession, who are users of drugs, it is better to get them into treatment and recovery than just getting them into jail or pris-on because we have found that hasn’t worked. So the criminal justice system has a role to play here—legalization is not a good idea—but that ought to be, in part, diverting people into treat-ment that works better for them to be able to get at this problem. Otherwise, folks will continue to see these incred-ibly high levels of use, addiction, and all the negative consequences that stem from that. I thank my coauthor of this legisla-tion, Senator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE . He and I have worked together over the past few years on this legislation, bringing in experts from all over the country and getting expertise from our home States. In Ohio, we had a number of roundtable discussions that added a lot of important input to be able to come up with legislation that actually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.027 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1367 March 9, 2016 
works, that is actually going to direct funding to evidence-based programs and prevention and treatment and re-covery that work. We talked a lot to our law enforce-ment community. That is one reason the Fraternal Order of Police supports our legislation. So does the Sheriffs’ Association, so do the prosecutors, and so do the attorneys general, because we have actually worked with them to say: How can you be more effective in dealing with this very real problem you have in your community? And if you talk to law enforcement, you talk to firefighters, you talk to emergency medical folks, they will tell you this issue is at the top of their list. They are frustrated by it. They are looking for a solution, and this legislation helps to come up with the solution. I also thank Senator A
YOTTE , Sen-ator K
LOBUCHAR , and 42 bipartisan co-sponsors for their support of this legis-lation. It is comprehensive, it is evi-dence-based, and it is going to make a difference. Not only has it had a lot of support here in the Senate—and I hope we will see that again in the final vote—but it also has support in the House of Rep-resentatives. There was a companion bill at one time that was identical to our legislation, also called CARA, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act. Ours has changed a little bit through the process, but it is very similar to the House companion bill. There are over 80 cosponsors to that legislation. It is a bipartisan bill on the House side as well. So this is one of those issues where if we pass it here in the Senate, we have a very good chance of passing it in the House and getting it to the President for his signature so it can begin to make a difference in our communities. The reason we are here today talking about this is, again, because so many people are suffering. There are 23 mil-lion Americans, it is said—23 million Americans—who are in recovery from addiction. Think about that. We are doing this for them, to ensure that they can have successful recoveries, to help them to ensure that they can keep their lives together and not fall back into this struggle of addiction. With 23 million people recovering, think of the millions who are still struggling. Together, those who are re-covering and those who are addicted have begun to stand up and let their voices be heard. That is one of the dif-ferences I have seen in this debate, is that the stigma that has been associ-ated with addiction has begun to be re-moved. There was a rally here on the Capital Mall several months ago. It was called the Unite to Face Addiction rally. There were people there from all over the country. Thousands of people came to Washington, DC—thousands. And the message from them was, one, pass CARA, this legislation—and I appre-ciate their help. We wouldn’t be here today on the floor talking about this issue if they hadn’t engaged with their elected representatives in the House and the Senate and our leadership to help us get this moving. Second, there message was, look, addiction is a dis-ease and it has to be treated like other illnesses, and we have to have legisla-tion that helps break the stigma asso-ciated with drug addiction so that we can address it and we can begin to get people out of the grip of addiction and get our communities and families out of the grip of addiction. This is a cause, and it is one that requires law enforce-ment and the criminal justice system, but it also requires love and faith and communities coming together. It is one that we can only carry out together— all of us, not as Republicans or Demo-crats or Independents but as Ameri-cans, as fathers and mothers, family members and friends and coworkers who care about those who are facing this great challenge of addiction. CARA now has the support of over 130 groups around the country. These are criminal justice groups. These are peo-ple who are in the trenches every day dealing with treatment and prevention. These are folks who are in public health. These are people who are in law enforcement and understand the impor-tance of this. They have all come to-gether to say: Let’s pass this legisla-tion so we can begin to implement this evidence-based program to respond to this epidemic. It does add prevention and education efforts. It does do a lot to get prescrip-tion drugs off the shelves and get the medication out of the hands of our youth. It does allow us to monitor drugs. It authorizes law enforcement task forces to combat heroin and meth-amphetamine in areas that are particu-larly hard hit. It expands the avail-ability of the miracle drug we talked about earlier—it doesn’t always work, but it has saved a lot of lives—called naloxone or Narcan. In the criminal justice system, it does identify and treat individuals suf-fering from substance abuse disorders and expands diversion and education efforts to give those individuals that second chance. We give special help in this legisla-tion to our veterans. We establish more funds for these veterans treatment courts. I have been to them in Ohio. They are incredible. Yesterday, I talked about the story of one of the veterans who had been in and out of the prison system. Now he not only has his life back together, he has his fam-ily back together. He is back in school getting a degree. He is one example of many who got off track because of PTSD, because of an addiction, used self-medication to deal with his PTSD, was in the prison system and is now back out. We are supporting that ef-fort. We do help women who are postpartum and suffer from addiction. We do help babies who are born ad-dicted. We have this incredible situa-tion where in Ohio we now have a 750- percent increase in the number of ba-bies who are born with this syndrome— with addiction. They have to be taken through withdrawal. I have gone to these neonatal units with my wife, and we have seen these incredibly compas-sionate doctors and nurses. What I hear from them is, you have to do some-thing. This legislation takes that im-portant step to the Federal level. CARA supports recovery programs focused on youth and building commu-nities of recovery. It creates a national task force on recovery to get the ex-perts really engaged to help us to im-prove ways to address some of the col-lateral consequences caused by addic-tion. Economists will tell us that addic-tion now costs this country about $700 billion every year. Think about that. That is lost productivity. That is more expensive health care. If you go to the emergency room in your community to find out what is going on, you will see a lot of people coming in because of ad-diction. There is the cost of policing and incarceration. Law enforcement tells me that most of the crime being committed in our communities is now being committed because of this issue. So $700 billion every single year is a lot of money, no doubt, but addiction costs us something else too: It costs us in dreams that are never fulfilled, in families who are torn apart, in lives that are lost. We don’t just measure our success in dollars and cents. We measure it in safer neighborhoods, less crime, in empty jail cells, and by the number of people who never have to struggle with drug abuse in the first place because of more effective preven-tion and education. We measure it in the moms and dads who beat addictions so they can come back to be with their kids and bring their families back to-gether. We measure it in the families who are not torn apart but instead are healed. As we move forward to pass this leg-islation—the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act—our message is a really simple one. To those who strug-gle with addiction, to those who think they cannot overcome, to those who believe there is no one out there who cares about them or can help them: You are not alone. We are with you. There is hope. I have seen people beat this. I have known people who have beat this. You can beat this. And we can be a better partner here at the Federal Government to be able to help people overcome this struggle. We need to pass this bill and get it signed into law to begin to make a real difference for the families we rep-resent. The House has companion legislation also called CARA. They have a big bi-partisan group supporting it. After we pass this legislation here—because I am confident we will based on the vote this afternoon—I hope the House will take it up, take up CARA, and get it passed. Let’s get it to the President for his signature, and let’s truly begin to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.028 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1368 March 9, 2016 
deal with this epidemic—it is at crisis levels, it is urgent, and it can’t wait— so that we, all of us, can begin to make a real difference for those we represent. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
COTT). The Senator from Maryland. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, Sen-ator C
ARDIN of Maryland, my col-league, and I are here on the floor today to ask that two nominations for the Federal bench, the district court, be confirmed. They are the next two judges in line on the Executive Cal-endar for the Federal district courts. One is Mr. Waverly D. Crenshaw, Jr., a highly qualified nominee from the State of Tennessee. The other is Ms. Paula Xinis from our own State of Maryland, a brilliant, talented lawyer who also is ready to be confirmed. Both have been approved by the Judiciary Committee. Mr. Crenshaw was ap-proved in July and has been waiting for a vote. Ms. Xinis was approved by the Judiciary Committee in September. So it has been more than 6 months to allow Senators to be able to evaluate the excellent work done by the Judici-ary Committee on whether these nomi-nees should be confirmed. We think it is time that the full Sen-ate did its job and gave these two out-standing candidates for the bench a vote. Therefore, I come to the Senate floor with Senator C
ARDIN and I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations: Cal-endar No. 215 and Calendar No. 307; that the Senate proceed to vote with-out intervening action or debate on these nominations in the order listed; that the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any related statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be immediately no-tified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, I would just point out to my friends from Maryland, and the senior Senator who has made this consent request asking that we move off of the current legislation—the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act—off of that important legisla-tion into executive session to consider these nominations, that it is the pre-rogative of the majority leader to set the agenda. If every Senator could come to the floor and cherry-pick dif-ferent nominations from the calendar and ask consent that we move to exec-utive session and then consider those, it would result in some chaos. For those reasons, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I am certainly disappointed by the Senator from Texas objecting to the request of the senior Senator from Maryland, Ms. MIKULSKI . The request of Senator M
IKULSKI is for us to consider two article III judges who are next in line for consideration before the U.S. Senate. They have cleared the committee. They have both been approved by the committee by voice vote, a unanimous vote within the Judiciary Committee. I know Paula Xinis—the vacancy to be filled in Maryland at University Park. She joined the law firm of Mur-phy, Falcon & Murphy in Baltimore. She is a senior trial attorney, well qualified to take the seat of the former chief justice, Deborah Chasanow. She was appointed by President Obama in March of 2015. We are now approaching the 1-year anniversary of her appoint-ment—1 year anniversary for a non-controversial, well-qualified appoint-ment to the district court. Let me just talk a little bit about fairness. I heard what the Senator from Texas said about the majority leader scheduling the votes on the floor of the Senate, but I think my colleagues should be aware of the facts in regard to filling judicial vacancies. We have completed the confirmation process on 16 article III judges since the beginning of this term of Congress. The comparable number in the last 2 years of a Presidential term where the President was of the Republican Party and the Senate was controlled by the Democrats—just the opposite of what we have today—was the year 2007 and 2008 under President George W. Bush. The Judiciary Committee was chaired by Chairman L
EAHY . That year, by March 9, we had cleared and confirmed 40 judicial appointments—40 compared to 16 in this Congress. By the end of the year, we had approved 68 of President Bush’s nominees. Going back to the other time with a Republican President and with a Demo-cratically controlled Senate—Presi-dent Reagan—in 1987 and 1988, under Chairman B
IDEN, by March 9 of the last year, the Senate had confirmed 47 of his nominations, compared to 16 this year, and by the end of the year, we had confirmed 85 nominees, including a Supreme Court Justice, Justice Ken-nedy. We have pending right now on the floor of the Senate that have cleared committees—every single one by voice vote unanimously—we have 12 article III judges who are ready for action and 5 other judicial appointments, for a total of 17. But that is not the whole story. We have 25 nominees who are still pending before the Judiciary Com-mittee, including Stephanie Gallagher of Maryland, to fill a vacancy. This is not the only vacancy we have in Mary-land. We now have two in Maryland waiting for action by the U.S. Senate. So there is a matter of fairness here. There is also a matter of respect for the judicial branch of government in allowing the courts to be able to func-tion. The district court is where most indi-viduals get their justice. That is the trial court. That is the court where most of our citizens will go for their ju-dicial relief. We have vacancies where appointments have been made that are noncontroversial, well-qualified people, and we can’t get a vote on the floor of the U.S. Senate? My friend from Texas tells me this is the prerogative of the majority leader. It is our responsibility to act on these nominations. Senator MIKULSKI has set up a proc-ess in Maryland where we take an interview process to get the very best talent to serve on our courts. I am hon-ored to work with her as we go through the process of finding the very best to serve on the courts. How do you expect to allow their name to come forward when it takes a year to consider a nom-ination? If you want to get the very best on the courts, we have to act, and we have to be responsible. Let me just say something. We have to take up these nominations. I appre-ciate that we always have a lot of work that we have to do. We have time today to get these nominations done. I call on the majority leader and I call on my friends to say: Look, let’s get our court vacancies filled. Let’s carry out our re-sponsibility and vote on these nomina-tions. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, why am I here today on the floor asking for these two nominations to be con-firmed? They are the next two judges in line on the Executive Calendar for our Federal district courts: Waverly Crenshaw, Jr., a highly qualified and talented nominee from the great State of Tennessee; and Paula Xinis, nomi-nated from my State of Maryland. Both Mr. Crenshaw and Ms. Xinis have been waiting for months to have their day and get their vote. Mr. Crenshaw has been waiting since July, Ms. Xinis since September. I think 6 months is enough time to provide our advice and evaluate these nominees. It is time to do our jobs and give these candidates a vote. I urge the Republicans to allow these nominations to move forward. We are easily on pace to be the least productive Senate in recent history. Last year Republicans confirmed the fewest judges in almost 50 years: a total of 11 in 2015. Since Republicans took over the Senate the number of ju-dicial emergencies has nearly tripled, which leaves courts overworked and understaffed. Now some Republicans say there is precedent for their obstructionism. Some Republican Senators have tried to fudge their numbers, saying the judges confirmed during our lameduck session at the end of 2014 should count toward their abysmal numbers for 2015. Well, what about those numbers? I didn’t realize that’s how the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.029 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1369 March 9, 2016 
worked: that we take credit for work that others did. Some Republican Sen-ators specifically asked for lameduck passage of their nominees. They didn’t want to wait for the next Congress— but they’re stalling now, before we are even in lameduck. They are already talking about stopping nominations with 9 months left to do work. A lack of judges has real con-sequences for the American people. Due to our constitutional protections, criminal trials must happen with a ‘‘speedy and public trial.’’ What does this mean in our courts? Criminal trials end up prioritized, protecting those charged with crimes, but civil trials are put on hold—sometimes for years—while we wait for judges to have time for them. What does this mean for the American people? Judges spend less time on cases, judges have to encour-age cases to settle instead of getting their day in court, judges have to en-courage defendants to consider plea deals rather than wait out a lengthy trial process. Justice delayed is justice denied, which is what is happening around our country right now. For Marylanders to receive their day in court, we need Judge Paula Xinis to be on the bench. I was extremely proud to nominate Paula Xinis to President Obama with Senator C
ARDIN . She is a brilliant litigator and public servant. When I consider nominees for the Fed-eral bench, I have four criteria: abso-lute integrity, judicial competence and temperament, a commitment to core constitutional principles, and a history of civic engagement in Maryland. Ms. Xinis exceeds these criteria. She has dedicated her career to the rule of law. The persistence and character she has shown in advocating for her clients and in her activities in the community make her truly an outstanding nomi-nee. She has a deep respect for the law and what it means to every American. She will ensure that everyone who comes before her truly feels that they have been heard and have received equal justice under the law. It is absolutely critical that we have judges in our courts to make sure that the judiciary is strong, independent, and that all Americans get their days in court. The President has made doz-ens upon dozens of judicial nomina-tions. Now the Senate must do its job. Enough time has passed on these two nominees. It is time to have our say. I do not take this duty lightly, but I will do my job. I carefully evaluate nomi-nees and render an independent judge-ment based on my commitment to core constitutional principles. These can-didates deserve timely hearings and timely votes. We have had the hear-ings. We have had plenty of time to evaluate their merits. Now is the time to vote. Mr. President, I would like to com-pliment once again my very able col-league from Maryland for his state-ment, in which he laid out facts and he laid out the historic precedent, and I want to associate myself with those re-marks. I also want to add that I am really frustrated. I am so frustrated that, No. 1, President Obama doesn’t get to be President Obama. His job as President is to nominate competent people for an independent branch of government, the Federal judiciary. He did his job. Then it came to the Senate. Really, we thank the Judiciary Committee be-cause they did hold a hearing and did their due diligence to examine the wor-thiness of whether these nominees should be brought to the Senate. Do they have the judicial temperament? Do they have the judicial experience? Are they of sound character to truly be independent and render impartial jus-tice, which our Constitution mandates? The Judiciary Committee said yes. It comes to the Senate on something called the Executive Calendar. That is Senate-speak for the nominating cal-endar. It means they are on the cal-endar, waiting their turn to have a vote, but this is just a slowdown. We don’t want to be in a showdown here. I didn’t bring this up with Sen-ator CARDIN to disrupt consideration of the opioid bill. We have a terrible prob-lem in Maryland with opioids and her-oin. We are for this bill. We are for bi-partisan action, but we are driven to taking action, asking for unanimous consent because we are not getting ac-tion. I would have yielded to a compromise if the gentleman from Texas, himself a member at one time of the Texas Su-preme Court, had said: How about Mr. Crenshaw first and Ms. Xinis after the break that will be coming up? You know, we are like college kids; we get spring break. Well, we would agree to that. All we are looking for is for Mr. Crenshaw, who was on the calendar be-fore Ms. Xinis, to go first. We are not pushing, but we are per-sistent. All we want is a time certain when we could get a vote on Ms. Xinis. We are now in the business of discour-aging people from coming into public service. They are willing to put their career on hold and their life on exam-ination to be able to serve on the Fed-eral bench or other nominations. She did it. Our nominee did it. She is in a law firm. Her career is on hold. We also have Ms. Stephanie Galla-gher, who is a Federal magistrate judge, waiting for a hearing. What are we doing here? People are finally going to say: I don’t want the hassle. I don’t want the harassment. I don’t want to go through all this just to wait, wait, wait, wait. The Senate needs to move in an or-derly way. When a nominee has been moved through the process, nominated by the President, gone through the due diligence of the Judiciary Committee, and is waiting, I think we ought to do it. I think we ought to take a couple of days and just vote on these nomina-tions. I believe our courts are overwhelmed. There are backlogs in the courts. There are people waiting for their ability to have a trial. We need good judges. We need to be able to make sure that the people are willing to serve and they have the credentials, the judicial tem-perament, and the character to serve. We need to be able to at least give them a vote. Now, if you don’t like the Obama nominees, vote them down. Vote them down, but don’t slow down the process. We have a constitutionally mandated process. Let’s follow it. Let’s do our job. We have Mr. Crenshaw and Ms. Xinis. We are happy to have Mr. Cren-shaw go first, but we sure would like a date for Ms. Xinis. We call out to our colleagues to give us a date, give us a vote. Give it to us now. Mr. CARDIN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arizona. 
OMNIBUS AND DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, last night we saw another unusual election result. We see a ‘‘businessman’’ now in a very significant lead for the nomina-tion of the Republican Party, the party of Abraham Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. As I watched the postmortems last night and this morning, we see again that many of those who voted cite as one of their primary—if not the pri-mary—reasons distaste, anger, and frustration about Washington, DC, spe-cifically the Congress of the United States, as well as the President. They believe they need somebody who is an outsider, someone who is not ‘‘of the establishment.’’ I guess that applies to anyone who is in elected office. Some of us have been surprised. Cer-tainly no one predicted these out-comes, not only on the Republican side but on the Democratic side. We saw our colleague from Vermont engineer quite a stunning upset in the State of Michi-gan last night. But he also—even though a Member of the Senate, Sen-ator S
ANDERS clearly is speaking in op-position to the machine, the business as usual in Washington. Sometimes we ask ourselves why the American people give us such a low ap-proval rating. I see polls show that the approval rating of Congress is 12 per-cent, 13 percent, 14 percent, sometimes as high as 15 percent. I would inform and remind my colleagues that it wasn’t always like that. We didn’t al-ways have such a low approval rating in the Congress by the American peo-ple. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MR6.002 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1370 March 9, 2016 
I think it is worthy of note that in the last year since regaining the ma-jority, we have enacted some legisla-tion that I think we could be proud to go back and talk to our constituents about, whether it be education reform, where we did away with common core, or whether it be a highway bill that was much needed to provide infrastruc-ture for our States, counties, and towns. We passed a budget. We passed a defense authorization bill that has some of the most significant reforms in history. But the fact is, those numbers haven’t changed, and they haven’t changed sometimes for good reason. That is why I come to the floor today, because I am ashamed and em-barrassed, as a representative of the people of my State, to talk about bil-lions of dollars of unnecessary wasteful spending of their taxpayer dollars, and it happened on the Omnibus appropria-tions bill—omnibus. A lot of my con-stituents don’t know what ‘‘omnibus’’ means. What it means is, we are re-quired to take up 13 appropriations bills. We don’t do it—and I would put the responsibility for that on the other side of the aisle, but it doesn’t matter, really, because we end up, at the end of the year, with a massive, hundreds of billions of dollars bill that is about this high, that none of us have seen or read and there is no amendment to it, and we have approximately 48 to 72 hours in which to vote yes or no, with the op-tion being the government not con-tinuing to function. That is not the way to do business. That doesn’t in-spire any confidence in us on the part of the American people, and it is dis-graceful. So the omnibus, again, was passed with votes from both sides, actually, but the fact is that our responsibility was to take up these bills one by one, to examine them, to have amendments, and to have the Congress—in this case, the Senate—work its will. We didn’t do that. Here it was. We walked in, and here was this bill—not that size but this size—that no one had read, no one had a chance to peruse, and even if we had, we couldn’t do anything about it be-cause the bill was not amendable be-cause if we amend it, then it bounces back to the other side of the Capitol, and we run out of time, and the govern-ment shuts down. That is the wrong way to do business. One of the major reasons for what happened is it is open to incredible abuse. I came to the floor today to talk about the abuse of the most sacred re-sponsibility we have, which is the de-fense of this Nation. I am proud to be chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, a post I aspired to for many years. We work hard on the Defense authoriza-tion bill. We work hard in the Senate Armed Services Committee. We work on a bipartisan basis. We have hear-ings, we examine the issues, and we ex-amine the programs. We are talking about, again, hundreds of billions of dollars, of taxpayers’ dollars, whether it be pay and benefits for the men and women who are serving or whether it be the equipment they need or many of the policies that govern the defense of this Nation. And I am proud of the work we do. So after producing a bill with an overwhelming majority vote—90-some votes—with the authorization for all of this to do with our Nation’s defense, the Appropriations Committee decides to overrule what we have authorized, in violation not only of the way the Senate is supposed to function but in violation of a resolution adopted by the Republican conference, which I will read: 
Earmark Moratorium Resolved, that it is the policy of the Re-publican Conference that no Member shall request a congressionally directed spending item, limited tax benefit, or limited tariff benefit, as such items are used. . . . 
Et cetera. So what was in this omnibus bill? Let me give you the best example: $225 mil-lion for a ship called a joint high-speed vessel, for a ship the Navy did not want. No one asked for this. We had hearings in the Armed Serv-ices Committee on shipbuilding. We ex-amined all of the proposals. Some of them we didn’t accept. Others we did. Others, through votes in the com-mittee, debate, and discussion, came up with our shipbuilding authorization. So what was done in this Omnibus appropriations bill by the Appropria-tions Committee? For the second year in a row, $225 million the Navy did not request and did not need. By the way, my friends, I would not take too much time in the Senate, but building a ship is just the beginning of the expense. You have to man it, you have to put the ammunition on it, you have to put the equipment on it, and you have to operate it for as long as 30 years, and the Navy did not want it. The Navy has lots of unmet military requirements. So what was put in there and why? Because, frankly—and I use these words without reservation—it is made in Mobile, AL. It is made in Mo-bile, AL. It is blatant. It is blatant. And then, of course, there were so many other items in it. It is like any other evil. First you condemn things. Then you condone them. Then you embrace them. There is no better example of that than the so-called money for ‘‘medical re-search.’’ In fact, years ago somebody decided: Hey, we will spend some money for medical research on some of the illnesses that affect the men and women in the military. I don’t take ex-ception to that. But it grew and grew and grew and grew and grew. Now, in this bill, $1.2 billion extra— not million but billion dollars—is asked for. Let me give examples: $120 million for breast cancer, $12 million for lung cancer, $6 million for multiple sclerosis, $20 million for ovarian can-cer, $7.5 million for epilepsy, $12.9 mil-lion for HIV/AIDS. My friends, all of those are worthy causes. All of those should probably be funded. We should do all those things, but not on the Defense bill. It was not au-thorized and was jammed in for the Willy Sutton syndrome. The Willy Sut-ton syndrome is about the famous bank robber who, when asked why he robbed banks, said: That is where the money is. Well, the defense appropriations is where the money is. So here we have, over the last 23 years, as it has grown and grown and grown, just $2.4 billion of the $10 billion spent on these congressionally directed medical research programs being rel-evant to the military. In other words, $7 billion went to research things such as osteoporosis and mad cow disease in-stead of training, equipment, and care for our troops and their families. We do not have enough money to care for the men and women in the military and take care of their families and take care of their medical needs. We don’t have enough money for that as a result of sequestration. So what did they do? They put in $1.2 billion more in medical research. There are a few other examples. There is an additional $7 million in funding for a machine gun. These guns are made with a 500-percent increase. There is $750 million for a National Guard and Reserve equipment fund and $600 million in additional funding for DOD’s science and technology budget. This is very interesting, my friends, this science and technology budget. Here is what happens. They put out $600 million, and it is supposed to be for ‘‘scientific and technology re-search.’’ But it doesn’t say for what specific item. So what happens is the members of the Appropriations Com-mittee then write to the Department of Defense and tell them to spend certain money on certain projects. That is the way of getting around the letter of the earmark ban if not the spirit of it. Then, of course, there is the Russian rocket. Today we are having to use for space launches Russian rocket engines. The company that makes these Rus-sian rocket engines happens to be run by cronies of Vladimir Putin. In fact, two of the cronies of Vladimir Putin are such thugs and gangsters that they have been on our sanctions list. We have sanctioned them. Yet our friends on the Appropriations Committee, again, with ULA—the people who are buying these rocket engines—are based in Alabama and, of course, headquartered in Chicago, IL. The en-gines, as I mentioned, are manufac-tured by this Russian company that is controlled by a guy name Chemezov and a guy named Rogozin, who have been sanctioned. Yet we are sending tens of millions of dollars to them. What we did was we restricted the cost and encouraged the competition, and we had hearings on it. It was a big issue. We had votes in the committee on it, we discussed it and we debated it. And so what did the appropriators do? They put a provision into this bill re-versing what we authorizers did. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.033 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1371 March 9, 2016 
is in complete violation of the rules of the Republican conference. So I have talked very often with our twelve freshmen. I can’t be more proud of what these freshmen Senators have brought to this conference. They have brought enthusiasm, they have brought knowledge, they have brought youth, they have brought military experi-ence—people like Senator E
RNST and Senator C
OTTON and others who bring their military experience. I am so proud to have many of them serving on the Armed Services Committee. I have asked them to get together and con-demn this. I campaigned for almost all of them. They promised the people of their States, as I promised the people of my State, that I wouldn’t allow this waste of billions of their tax dollars, that I would fight against it. So I am asking our freshmen Senators to join together—and I hope they will because I have had conversations with them— to reject this, and, if we go into an-other appropriations omnibus, that they will not allow this to happen. Why did I focus my comments on de-fense? It is for two reasons. No. 1 is ob-vious. I am chairman of the Committee on Armed Services. So I take strong exception when the men and women who are serving in the military are having to leave the military involun-tarily because we don’t have enough money, yet they are wasting billions— billions—of taxpayer dollars. Second of all, it is not right. It is not right. And thirdly, we authorize—we authorize— and our bill is passed by the Senate and the House, for 53 straight years, and signed by the President of the United States. This bill is important to defend the Nation. When our careful deliberations, our votes, our hearings, our debates day after day on the floor of the Senate as we consider the authorization bill is then overturned—overturned—and pork barrel projects such as a $225 mil-lion extra vessel the Navy neither needs nor wants are added to it, then, my friends, do not be surprised when we have an approval rating of 12 or 13 or 14 percent. The American people are smart. Our constituents are smart. When they see billions of dollars wasted in this fash-ion, it is no wonder we receive their condemnation and their sarcasm and their disapproval. So I am asking my freshmen col-leagues to take the lead—to take the lead because they are the ones who are closest to the people—and to help me reject this corrupt process. And it is corrupt. I want to also assure all of my col-leagues that if they try this again—if they try this again—I will do every-thing in my power—everything in my power—to make sure it is reversed or that it never happens to start with. We owe the American people much better than the process I just described. Mr. President, I note the presence of the senior Senator from Texas, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I thank my friend, the senior Senator from Ari-zona, for his great work over the years, and particularly now in the Committee on Armed Services, which he chairs. He has been tenacious in his attempt to make sure that no dollars are inadvert-ently or unknowingly wasted, espe-cially when it comes to the Pentagon. I, for one, believe this is the No. 1 priority of our country. I know he shares that view. But it is pretty hard to make the argument that we ought to continue to give more money to the Pentagon if the money is not being used efficiently, either because of their internal administrative problems or for some other reason. I know, because I happened to be at the Pentagon this morning, that many of our military chiefs are concerned that the things that are being put in appropriations bills are not things they actually want or need and that there are other priorities. The best way to get those vetted is through the Senate Committee on Armed Services and working with the Appropriations Com-mittee to make sure the money is being used as efficiently as possible and not wasted—certainly not on things the military doesn’t want or doesn’t need. So I thank my colleague for his con-tinued leadership. Mr. President, I wanted to talk about a few topics here. No. 1 is the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, the legislation we have been work-ing on now for 2 weeks. Anybody who has been listening understands the im-portance of this legislation, which will help stem the tide of the massive epi-demic of opioid prescription drug abuse and heroin abuse that continues to claim lives across our country. This bill is actually a good example of how the Senate can work in a bipar-tisan fashion to advance good policies that positively impact the lives of ordi-nary American citizens. I know most people in this polarized environment are not aware of this bipartisan work we have been able to do over this year and last year, but we have actually done a number of good things. Some, if you told them, they might not even be-lieve it, but to the people who are open to the facts, I think this is another good example. Of course, in this in-stance, it has been the result of the strong leadership of the junior Senator from New Hampshire, Ms. A
YOTTE ; Sen-ator P
ORTMAN of Ohio; the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the senior Senator from Iowa, Mr. C
HUCK GRASS -
LEY; along with our Democratic coun-terparts, people like Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE . I am hopeful this legislation will con-tain an amendment I offered last week to help those who struggle with both substance abuse and mental illness. It is estimated that more than 10 million Americans suffer from both addiction and mental health disorders. These are called co-occurring disorders. It is a fact that many people who don’t other-wise get treatment for their mental health problems try to self-medicate, making their lives even more com-plicated and worse, and that is what this amendment is designed to address. Many mental health and substance abuse services, like specialty courts, have operated on separate tracks, and they only treat one part of the prob-lem. This amendment really isn’t all that earth-shaking. All it would do is make the commonsense link between mental health and substance abuse, something that we direct our existing criminal justice programs to apply to these coexisting disorders as well. That way people who struggle with both ad-diction and mental health problems can have both of those problems ad-dressed using the money we are already appropriating and already spending in grants to local law enforcement and medical providers. It would also expand substance abuse and transitional services to help those suffering from co-occurring disorders to receive the treatment they need to recover. So I look forward to voting on this legislation and getting it passed soon. I would note that we are having a few bumps along the way, in terms of our Democratic friends allowing votes on amendments. There are apparently about 25 different amendments that have been negotiated between the Re-publicans and Democrats, but I am told our Democratic friends are objecting to any amendments by Senators who hap-pen to be running for election in 2016. Now, the Democratic leader, in a fit of candor the other day, said they were going to object to an amendment au-thored by the Senator from Wisconsin, Mr. JOHNSON , because he is running for election. Well, I would ask them to back off of that sort of political hardball and to let us get our work done. It doesn’t help when they object to noncontroversial amendments or they take certain amendments hostage be-cause they do not want somebody to score points by getting something done. I mean that is why we are sent here; it is to get things done for our constituents. Regarding the amendment I men-tioned just a moment ago, that appar-ently is one of those being held hos-tage. I would like to share a letter from the National Alliance on Mental Illness, the American Correctional As-sociation, and the National Association of Police Organizations that supports the amendment I just talked about. If the Democratic leadership will not lis-ten to me, maybe they will listen to them. I hope they will listen to the voices of the families who suffer from mental illness and to law enforcement officials. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that this letter be printed in the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.042 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1372 March 9, 2016 
There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MARCH 2, 2016. Hon. J
OHNCORNYN , Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR CORNYN , On behalf of the undersigned mental health, substance abuse and criminal justice organizations, we are writing to express our support of the Mental Health and Substance Abuse Act amend-ments to S. 524, the Comprehensive Addic-tions and Recovery Act (CARA). Approximately 65% of persons incarcerated in jails and prisons across the United States have substance use disorders. Many of these individuals have co-occurring mental ill-nesses such as depression, post-traumatic stress disorder, or schizophrenia. It is further estimated that 2 million peo-ple with serious mental illness are admitted to jails across the U.S. each year. Twenty percent of all inmates in state and federal prisons, approximately 314,000 individuals, have serious mental illness. Many of these individuals also have drug or alcohol use problems. Historically, mental health and substance abuse services have been operated sepa-rately, and coordination in addressing the needs of people with co-occurring mental ill-ness and substance use disorders has proven challenging. This has been true as well with specialty courts established to address the unique needs of non-violent offenders with substance use disorders (drug courts) or men-tal illness (mental health courts). Drug courts have frequently not been equipped to address the needs of people with mental ill-ness and mental health courts have fre-quently not been equipped to address the needs of people with substance use disorders. The provisions included in the Mental Health and Substance Abuse Amendments would be helpful in addressing these prob-lems. Section 802 would add ‘‘mental health treatment and transitional services for those with mental illnesses or with co-occurring disorders’’ among those prioritized for assist-ance when transitioning out of criminal jus-tice systems. Section 803 would include ‘‘training for drug court personnel . . . on identifying and addressing co-occurring substance abuse and mental health problems’’ to federal criminal justice training priorities. Section 804 would add grants for devel-oping and implementing specialized residen-tial substance abuse treatment programs that ‘‘provide appropriate treatment to in-mates with co-occurring mental health and substance abuse disorders or challenges.’’ Inclusion of these provisions in CARA would be very helpful in fostering positive treatment outcomes and in reducing recidi-vism among offenders with mental illness and substance use disorders. Senator Cornyn, we greatly appreciate your strong leadership on these issues and stand ready to help in any way we can to move them forward. Please contact Ron Honberg with NAMI with any questions or if we can provide fur-ther support. Sincerely, National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI), American Correctional Association, National Association of Police Organiza-tions, TASC, Inc. (Treatment Alternatives for Safe Communities—Illinois), The Na-tional Alliance to Advance Adolescent Health, American Orthopsychiatric Associa-tion. 
CALLING FOR APPOINTMENT OF A SPECIAL  
COUNSEL  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, sepa-rately, earlier this morning I joined my colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee to hear testimony from the Attorney General of the United States, Loretta Lynch. As a former attorney general of my State, I have always taken a great in-terest in our system of justice at the State level and now certainly at the national level, and I have tried to do everything I can to help strengthen the rule of law and help keep the American people safe, and that includes trans-parent and fair investigations. I spent a little bit of time asking the Attorney General this morning about her Department’s investigation into the former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, and her use of a private email server during her tenure. I have talked many times on the floor about my con-cerns surrounding her use of an unse-cured email server. The former Sec-retary did refuse to use the govern-ment server and decided to basically play by her own rules, setting up a server at her home in New York. But the fact is, this sort of reckless con-duct put our country at great risk. Several experts from the intelligence community have outlined how her un-secured server left her emails—some highly classified—vulnerable to hack-ing in cyber attacks. So this is a very serious matter. Last fall, about 6 months ago, I asked the Attorney General to appoint a spe-cial counsel to fairly and fully conduct an investigation. That is because Sec-retary Clinton is not just a random cit-izen or former government employee; her case is awfully high-profile. As a result, I think there are many ques-tioning whether she is being treated in exactly the same way as any other cit-izen would be treated under similar cir-cumstances or whether she is getting some sort of preferential treatment. Because the Attorney General is a po-litical appointee of the President of the United States and given Ms. Clinton’s high profile, there are real conflicts of interest and real concerns about poli-tics ahead of justice. Those could be addressed and mitigated by providing a special counsel, as the law provides, to provide some measure of independence from the Attorney General so the pub-lic can have confidence that this case is being treated just like every other case and not with some sort of political favoritism based on a conflict of inter-est. This morning, I questioned the At-torney General about recent reports that the Department has granted im-munity to the staffer who set up Sec-retary Clinton’s private server. So anybody listening understands, the only reason immunity would be granted in a criminal investigation is if somebody invokes their Fifth Amendment rights against self-in-crimination. But if given immunity, then that individual must cooperate with law enforcement authorities and cannot refuse to answer questions be-cause they no longer have any likeli-hood or any chance of being convicted of that crime, having been granted im-munity. This does indicate that this inves-tigation has taken on a new level of se-riousness, and I suspect the FBI con-tinues to be hard at work trying to get to the bottom of this, as I would expect them to do. I hope this indicates that the Department of Justice is treating this case with the great care and grav-ity it requires. They are integral to this grant of immunity because the FBI can’t do this on their own, and it takes the prosecutors of the Depart-ment of Justice to agree to a grant of immunity as part of an investigation. I still believe the American people deserve an independent investigation, and I will continue to press for the ap-pointment of a special counsel to that end. MENTAL HEALTH REFORM LEGISLATION  
Finally, Mr. President, I want to ad-dress another issue I questioned the Attorney General about, and that is about needed reforms to our mental health system. I believe I repeated to her today—I have repeated this story so many times, I sometimes forget when I have said it before. But I re-cently had a chance to meet with a number of major county sheriffs, and somebody asked me: Would you like to meet the largest mental health pro-vider in America? I said: Well, sure. He said: Well, he is over here. It is the sheriff of Los Angeles County. So the fact is, many people incarcer-ated in our jails are suffering from mental illness, and they may have committed petty crimes, such as tres-passing and the like, but they are not getting their condition treated as long as they are warehoused in jails. Many communities, such as my hometown of San Antonio, TX, have created a model of how to divert people from jail to get their mental health issues treated and at the same time make sure we don’t continue this turnstile of people com-ing in and out of our jails when their underlying mental illness problems are not being treated. I asked her to take a look at a bill I introduced, the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act, which is designed to help communities and families who are struggling to help their loved ones who are mentally ill. Many families don’t have access to adequate treatment or lack the resources to comply with doc-tors’ orders. The fact is, back in the nineties, back when a major policy change was made in America and people were es-sentially turned out of institutions where the mentally ill were treated, there wasn’t any followup to make sure there was some sort of safety net or some follow-on treatment to make sure their needs were taken care of. Today, any of us who have walked down the street in a major American city know we have a lot of homeless people living on our streets who are es-sentially suffering from some form or another of mental illness, and their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MR6.004 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1373 March 9, 2016 
needs are not being addressed. Some of them, perhaps because they abused al-cohol or other drugs in order to try to medicate or take care of their prob-lems on their own, end up committing crimes of one type or another, not nec-essarily what I would call a serious crime but serious enough to get them arrested and put in jail. I am hopeful that we will take this opportunity, as we are looking at our criminal justice system at large, along with prison reform and legislation that passed out of the Senate Judiciary Committee—which I hope will soon come to the floor of the Senate—to deal with issues like this confluence of mental health and criminal justice in a way that is more enlightened, in a way that is cheaper, and in a way that is more humane and more efficient than simply warehousing people who are mentally ill in our criminal justice system. We can do better, and I am hopeful that models like those in Bexar Coun-ty, TX, where mentally ill persons are able to find programs that actually help them solve their underlying prob-lem—those kinds of models are helpful to the rest of the country and to us as we try to craft means for our commu-nities to better care for those suffering from mental illness. I look forward to moving this legisla-tion soon. The chairman of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Com-mittee, Senator A
LEXANDER , tells me he has been working with Senator M
URRAY , his ranking member, along with Senator C
ASSIDY and Senator M
URPHY , on another piece of legisla-tion that they are proposing on mental health. My hope is that the group of us who are interested in this issue can cobble together a consensus piece of legislation which the majority leader could then bring to the floor of the Senate to let us do some additional im-portant bipartisan work to help ad-dress this problem. I don’t see any Senator wishing to speak, so I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CUBA  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, after dec-ades of isolation, we are seeing a meas-ured shift in our policy toward Cuba. We have resumed diplomatic relations, expanded travel opportunities, lifted caps on financial assistance between families, and eased trade restrictions. I congratulate the administration for spearheading these changes. It took courage to embark on this path. These policy changes are supported by the vast majority of Cuban Americans. They are applauded by sector after sec-tor of the U.S. business community, and they are welcomed by Americans at large, but still it took someone to lead and President Obama did. I ap-plaud him and his administration for doing so. Make no mistake, conditions are im-proving for the Cuban people because of these changes. There are some who do not fully appreciate the meaningful-ness of this opening to Cuba. They maintain that we have somehow of-fered concessions to the Cuban Govern-ment without benefit to the United States or to the Cuban people. Some contend that we have moved pre-maturely when human rights issues re-main unresolved in Cuba. To be clear, human rights abuses per-sist in Cuba. We all seek to remedy these abuses. Yet extending 50 years as the Cuban Government’s convenient scapegoat for the failure of socialism is unlikely to yield gains in human rights in the future any more than our poli-cies have done in the past. Instead, this opening to Cuba takes full advantage of the opportunities presented by the failures of socialism. Recognizing the inherent right of Americans to travel to Cuba isn’t a concession to dictators. It is an expression of freedom. It is Americans who are penalized by our travel ban, not the Cuban Government. During my first visit to Cuba in 2001, I told the Cuban Foreign Minister in a meeting in Havana that I was attempt-ing to lift the U.S. travel ban. I added, if the Cuban Government didn’t im-prove its human rights effort, I would seek to lift the entire trade embargo. It was taken as an attempt at humor, of course, but for me it was no joke. I have always believed that denying Americans the ability to travel to and trade with Cuba has done more to ex-tend dictatorial rule on that island than any other policy we could have adopted. For far too long U.S. administra-tions, both Republican and Demo-cratic, have insisted that U.S. meas-ures, such as ending the travel ban or easing the trade embargo, must be met by moves by the Cuban Government to improve the human rights condition of the citizenry. I understand this in-stinct, but I will submit that ending the travel ban and easing the trade em-bargo, even when done unilaterally, leads to better human rights condi-tions in Cuba. Milton Friedman wrote that eco-nomic freedom is ‘‘an indispensable means toward the achievement of po-litical freedom.’’ Far from being con-cessions to dictators, changes in our policy toward Cuba are reinforcing and advancing opportunities for Cubans in the private sector. Citizens who are to-tally dependent on government for their livelihood are subject to the whims of all-powerful leaders in a way that those who are economically inde-pendent are not. In a very real sense in Cuba, the eco-nomic agenda is the human rights agenda. Recognizing its precarious eco-nomic position in recent years, the cash-strapped Castro regime has laid off thousands of government workers and expanded legal opportunities in the private sector. This has given way to a dramatic rise in the number of entre-preneurs on the island who are running restaurants, bed and breakfasts, taxi services, barbershops, beauty salons, and much more. In fact, it is estimated that as many as one-third of Cuba’s 5 million workers are now operating in Cuba’s private sector. This exponential expansion of Cuba’s entrepreneurial class would not have happened were it not for U.S. policy changes in 2009 that has led to an explosion of travel and re-mittances among Cuban Americans. Some suggest that remittances to the island are responsible for 70 to 80 per-cent of the capital used in small busi-nesses in Cuba. Recent changes to U.S. regulations allowing for additional travel and re-mittances have further expedited the expansion of the private sector in Cuba. Additional regulatory changes, such as allowing the so-called people- to-people exchanges to be conducted on an individual as opposed to a group basis, would propel this movement even further. Again, this entrepre-neurial expansion in Cuba has not only given scores of Cubans a better quality of life, it has lessened their dependence on the Cuban Government in a way that has improved their human rights condition. The recent bilateral air service agreement also represents a key piece to ensuring the continued travel of Americans to the island. This agree-ment will, for the first time in 50 years, provide scheduled air service between the United States and Cuba. Frequent and regular travel between the two countries will continue to open eco-nomic ties, and it will lead to private sector economic opportunities on the island. I should note that the administration has done just about all that its author-ity permits to affect change on the is-land. In the coming months, it will be up to Congress to take the next steps. I hope that we—particularly those of us on this side of the aisle who believe so strongly in the value of free markets and free enterprise—will remember these principles as we promote democ-racy and human rights in Cuba. Margaret Thatcher famously said: ‘‘There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.’’ This statement is as true in Cuba as it is anywhere in the world. It is my hope that this principle will guide our actions as we endeavor to promote freedom and liberty in Cuba. I yield back the remainder of my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.045 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1374 March 9, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I am here this afternoon on the floor to join with colleagues as we discuss the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act, CARA. I would suggest that from the perspective of families across the country, many would look at this and say this is probably one of the more important pieces of legislation that this Senate could be taking up this year. If we think about this crisis, this epi-demic that we are seeing across the country with opioid addiction, it is probably one of the most pressing pub-lic health issues facing American fami-lies all across the country. As we have heard from colleagues, this is not just one single State’s issue. This is not just one region of the country. This is across all 50 States. I always like to think that in Alaska, because we are so far away, we are so remote, perhaps we might be insulated from some of the negative aspects of this modern soci-ety. In fact, we cannot isolate, we can-not insulate ourselves from the scourge of the drugs and the drug addiction we are seeing. This addiction does not discriminate. It doesn’t discriminate against any de-mographic, any group. Again, it can’t be confined to a single geographic re-gion. It impacts young people. It im-pacts our older people, the lower in-come people, the middle-income peo-ple, and the higher income levels. Those of us who have served our Nation as our honored veterans, pregnant women, and even newborn babies can suffer from addiction. The stories we hear when we are back home visiting with our constituents, talking with friends, talking with neighbors, and then hearing these sto-ries recounted on the floor—these are heartbreaking stories that come from all over the country, from the east coast, again, all the way to the most remote villages of Alaska. We have seen and we have heard the pain that opioid addiction causes. It is important that we take action and that we ad-dress this issue now before it worsens. Unfortunately, as we see the statistics, that is where it is going, that is the trend, and that is the direction. The rates of addiction and hos-pitalization will only continue to sky-rocket unless we can throttle this back, unless we can get our hands around it. This is our opportunity not only to treat but to prevent opioid ad-diction. Lots of numbers have been dis-cussed on the floor about this epidemic that we are seeing, and the numbers really are horrifying. In Alaska, the mortality rates related to opioid and heroin abuse have more than tripled since 2008. In 2015, we had 33 Alaskans die from heroin overdose—perhaps even more that we just haven’t been able to identify. The rates on inpatient hos-pitalization for heroin and opioid poi-soning have nearly doubled since 2008. The cost is over millions of dollars. As we know, it is often our young people who suffer from addiction the most, and certainly the most directly. Between 2008 and 2013, the rate of indi-viduals between 21 and 29 years old being admitted to treatment centers has doubled. Again, we are talking about numbers, and we are talking about statistics. But we are really not. We are talking about our friends, we are talking about family, and we are talking about neighbors. But we can make a difference if we provide the re-sources and if we provide the education and the outreach, not just to young people but to all, so that they under-stand the dangers of opioid addiction. Unfortunately, some of what we have seen with this addiction is that some-how or another, opioids are viewed as less a health threat because they are prescription. What CARA does, what this legislation in front of us does, is to help address the educational need, pro-vide States and communities with grant options and resources to ensure that all in the community—the edu-cators, the parents, the doctors, other members of the community—have the knowledge and have the tools they need to guide and support young people and the community at large. But it is just so hard; it has been so hard to see families and friends lose their loved ones to addiction. Over the past several months in the community of Juneau, our State cap-ital, there have been a series of news-paper articles that have chronicled how that community has been impacted by the loss of young people due to heroin. Six young people, all under the age of 30, were lost last year. In September, a young man who was a softball player lost his life due to heroin overdose. Two weeks after that, another family lost a son who was going to film school. You read the stories, you read the de-tails about the lives of these young people, who could be like any of us until something happens. And what that something is is an exposure to opioids and an addiction that, again, cuts a life short. Those parents of these young people, as parents in States all across the Nation, grieve for the loss of their children and wonder what they could have done to perhaps help save their child’s life. Again, the commu-nity of Juneau is recounting that, but it is all over our communities. This drug addiction knows no bound-aries. It seeps into and corrodes Alas-ka’s most remote and rural commu-nities. These are communities, I will remind you, where it is not like there is easy access to them. These are com-munities—80 percent of the commu-nities in the State of Alaska are not connected by road. In order to get to them, particularly this time of year, the only way to get in is to fly in. It is expensive to fly in. In the summer, there are water options, but that too is expensive. So while it is difficult for people to move in and out, somehow or another the drugs are coming in and out. The heroin and the opioid addic-tion have found their way into these remote communities, leaving families and loved ones scrambling and des-perate as they try to help those whom they love. Unfortunately, the resources we have in terms of any form of treatment cen-ters are so incredibly limited. In one of the communities that is on the road system, the community of Palmer, just north of Anchorage, our largest city, I was at an event this summer. Lots of people wanted to talk to me at this pic-nic. There was a woman with her daughter who was in her early twenties, and that woman waited pa-tiently, patiently, patiently to be able to speak with me alone. She asked to go off into a corner of the outdoor area that we were in so that she could speak to me about her daughter’s situation. Her daughter was an addict. She had been in and out of jail. She had been in and out of treatment. Nothing had worked, and this mother had no place else to go, no place else for her daugh-ter to go. So she, as one mom who cared, was trying to help raise aware-ness of the lack of facilities, the lack of treatment, and the lack of options for so many in her situation. You lis-ten to stories like that, and you realize that we must attempt to do all we can. Granted, we are sitting here in Wash-ington, DC. The Federal Government doesn’t always know what is best. We know that for a fact, but how is it that we can help these families, these com-munities, as they deal with, again, this scourge that has afflicted so many? We have had some good news in the State of Alaska. Just this week, the Alaska State House of Representatives passed a bill that will remove civil li-abilities for providing or administering the drug naloxone to treat opioid and heroin overdose. It was actually the representative from Juneau, Rep-resentative Munoz, who spoke to the need for reform and helped lead this important measure. That is on its way to the Governor’s desk. Again, I think it is an important option for lifesaving treatment. As we work together—those of us who have cosponsored the CARA bill and all who have expressed their con-cern—we know we need to keep the pressure on. We need to keep the mo-mentum up to address this, not only in Alaska but around the country, to fight back, to deal with this addiction we are seeing, and to really attack the issue from every degree. From mental health to criminal justice reform, com-munity programs, educational re-sources, tools for veterans and preg-nant women, addressing this wide-spread issue with a widespread re-sponse is important. I thank my colleagues who have led on this issue, and the Presiding Officer here today has clearly done just that. I thank the Presiding Officer for his leadership on this. As I have spoken this afternoon on opioid addiction, and perhaps more spe-cifically to heroin addiction, I always 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.047 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1375 March 9, 2016 
feel compelled to mention that in my State, and particularly in Anchorage, we have seen a spike of ‘‘spice’’ abuse. This is a synthetic marijuana. More and more, we are seeing individuals who are being sent to the hospital. It is our firefighters who seemingly are re-sponding to more spice and more her-oin incidents than they are responding to fire calls. Recognizing that it is not just heroin, but it is other drugs that are truly wreaking havoc on our fami-lies and our communities, we need to unite together to make a difference. So I think what we are doing here in this body is a first step. Passing this legislation is an important response, and through what we are doing, we can work to change the direction in which, unfortunately, we have been going. With that, I yield the floor. (At the request of Mr. R
EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
∑Mrs. M CCASKILL. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for today’s clo-ture vote on S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2015. I would have voted yea.∑ Ms. MURKOWSKI. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, today marks the 36th edition of my ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ For those who have been listening I have been down here every week, while the Senate is in session, addressing what has been documented as waste, fraud, and abuse. I took on a major role when first coming back to the Senate starting in 2011 to deal with the larger issue of our plunge into debt through deficit spend-ing year after year after year. Despite numerous attempts, many of them bi-partisan, all blocked by decisions made at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, we have not been able to put in place a reason-able plan—or any plan whatsoever— that would reduce our spending, bal-ance the budget and begin to chip away at this ever-deepening cesspool of debt. It is hurting our economy, and laying a burden on future generations that will have enormous negative consequences. Given the fact that those larger ef-forts came to naught, I have decided to start chipping away from the other end of the fiscal spectrum to identify waste, fraud, and abuse, a much more efficient, effective Federal Government and not waste taxpayer dollars that these days are hard-earned and pretty scarce. This ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ deals with not as substantive an issue as many of these. The speeches talk about a whole range of issues that are taking a lot of taxpayer dollars out of the purses and wallets of our constituents, sent to Washington and simply wasted. Every once in a while I try to present something that is so ridiculous, so un-necessary, that it catches the public’s attention and ought to embarrass every Member of this body. Some argu-ments can be made about, well, perhaps the Social Security Disability Trust Fund could be adjusted so we wouldn’t do this or that. But every fourth or fifth time down here I like to throw out something where people say: Are you kidding me? We are actually using our hard-earned tax dollars to do this? One that caught the most attention was the grant that amounted to hun-dreds of thousands of dollars to deter-mine whether a massage made you feel better after an expenditure of physical effort. If they were asked that ques-tion, there is probably no one in Amer-ica who would not conclude that. They would say, yes, that works. I’d prefer a massage over no massage at all. But this grant was used to determine that. Rather than take a human subject, they used mechanical massages on the backs of white rabbits. Actually, these rabbits were from New Zealand. Then they looked at the grin on the rabbit’s face—I don’t know how they deter-mined it. Rabbits can’t turn around and say: Yes, that feels good. Appar-ently they made some kind of measure-ment, and after spending about $400,000, came to the conclusion that, yes, it really works. Well, that caught people’s attention. There are a lot of people who are out-raged at the way we are spending their money. There are people trying to make their mortgage payment, trying to get to the end of the week for the next check, to buy groceries, or to set aside money for their kids to go to school. This is one of those weeks where I want to bring forward yet another issue of ‘‘Can you believe this is how the Federal Government is spending your money?’’ I am told by my staff that there is a new word around called ‘‘hangry.’’ It means that if you are hungry, you tend to get a little bit disjointed, and you are more angry than you would be if you were not hungry. I suppose that is something we could easily prove by all of us just asking: What is our disposi-tion when we are hungry? Are we a lit-tle more tense or a little more quick to trigger in terms of getting upset about what someone may say to us or some-thing like that—a little more irritable. So this new generation has taken this condition called hangry, which is hungry and angry, and turned it into the term ‘‘hangry.’’ The National Science Foundation said: Well, we bet-ter find out whether this is true. So they issued a $331,000 grant for re-searchers to study whether ‘‘hanger’’ actually occurs. If you get hungry, do you end up feeling ‘‘hangry’’? That was the question. So researchers issued a $331,000 grant for the study on married couples. Listen, you can’t make this stuff up. They came up with the idea of giving each spouse a voodoo doll, and if they felt they were angry, they were to take a pin and stick it into the voodoo doll. They each had their own voodoo doll. Like I said, you can’t make this stuff up. It only cost $331,000. So whenever a spouse made the other spouse angry, the other spouse grabbed the voodoo doll and grabbed a pin and stuck it in. The conclusion was after a 3-year study and $331,000 spent—yup, we proved it. ‘‘Hanger’’ occurs when you are hungry. There are some Senate pages who are trying to hold back their laughter. I see a lot of smiles on the faces of peo-ple in this Chamber saying: Surely, this can’t be true. Surely, this is made up. Surely, this is a spoof to try to prove a point. This actually happened, folks. This actually happened. The serious part of this is that the taxpayer paid for it. At a time when we are trying to repair roads and bridges, when we are trying to put money for-ward for health care research, when we are dealing with terrorist issues to make sure our national security is strong, when our military is under-funded, when we are trying to deal with all the issues of the day, we are taking this money—and of all things the National Science Foundation could do, they do this. We take the $331,000 and add it to our ever-growing accumulation of docu-mented waste, fraud, and abuse of tax-payer dollars. We have now risen to a position of $157,591 million and change. It is not small stuff. It adds up. This is what your Federal Government is doing, and we wonder why the Amer-ican people are frustrated. We wonder why they are angry when they hear issues like this. I am not trying to stoke the flames and make the American people more ‘‘hangry.’’ I am simply trying to expose this so we will be so embarrassed with these kinds of things that people will come down to this Chamber and offer legislation to clean up this stuff. We have already made some progress but we can make more. 
MIGRATION CRISIS IN EUROPE  
Mr. President, I would like to reserve some time to talk about something that I think is very serious, to discuss an issue that I think has an impact on all of us, particularly our national se-curity. Last week NATO’s Supreme Allied Commander, Gen. Philip Breedlove, whom I have had the opportunity to talk to a number of times, testified be-fore the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee about how he views the threats facing us today and what the most seri-ous threats are to the United States. Featured among them was a serious migration crisis that is destabilizing our European allies. He said: 
Europe faces the daunting challenge of mass migration spurred by state instability and state collapse. The influx of people is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.047 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1376 March 9, 2016 
masking the movements of criminals, terror-ists, and foreign fighters. Within this mix, ISIS [or ISIL] . . . is spreading like a cancer, taking advantage of paths of least resist-ance, threatening European nations and our own [nation] with terrorist attacks. 
Each day as we watch on television or read in the papers, this migration crisis continues to grow worse. Efforts by the European Union to stem the tide have failed to even slow down the flow of refugees and migrants. These repeated failures, now moving into its second year, are threatening to break the European Union apart as each member country resorts to a ‘‘fortress Europe’’ mentality, enforced by na-tional means. These include new razor wire barriers along internal EU bor-ders. They encourage divergent na-tional policies on refugee admissions that make almost a mockery of EU policy consensus or even common ef-forts. The EU agreement on common bor-ders—described as the Schengen Agree-ment of 1985—has been considered the bedrock of European unity. If this fun-damental agreement is crushed by the unsupportable weight of hundreds of thousands of desperate migrants, how can the European Union itself be saved? That is the question. Many of our European friends are asking that question. I was recently in Munich at a security conference, and representatives from all the European nations were there. The No. 1 topic was the flow of migration and the desta-bilization of Europe and the unity of Europe, nations not abiding by their earlier commitments to receive mi-grants, nations raising barriers and building walls—whether they are razor wire or concrete walls—around their borders. It is creating a major crisis in Europe. The political stability and social co-hesion of individual European states are clearly under strain. We have seen street riots and police suppression. Growing hostility between citizens and migrant groups is spreading like wild-fire. Extremist political groups are feeding on this chaos and further threatening democratic institutions. Even in Germany, an extremist right-wing, basically fascist party has grown its population from zero 4 years ago to 15 percent to 20 percent today, taking over in many places as the third larg-est party in Germany. We all know that after key state elections this weekend, this may be growing. The latest EU effort to come to grips with this enormous problem is con-tinuing at a summit meeting this week in Brussels, with attendance by Tur-key. The draft agreement on the table shows how desperate the Europeans have become. Without discussing the detailed items here, it is sufficient to note that the central proposition under consideration is this: a convoluted sys-tem to send some migrant refugees from Greece back to Turkey in ex-change for other migrants to be reset-tled directly from Turkey to European countries. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and other refugee organizations have denounced this proposal as unworkable and ille-gal. Some EU countries, such as Hun-gary, have even promised to veto this scheme. Without entirely prejudging a pro-posal still under consideration, I never-theless have to guess that even if it is accepted and enacted, it is unlikely to address meaningfully the real dimen-sions of this migration problem. Some-thing else clearly has to be done. The numbers that are coming in show an ever-expanding number of migrants seeking relief by taking treacherous routes—many of them guided by crimi-nal elements—into Europe and the Eu-ropean resistance and the instability all of that has provided. The draft EU-Turkey agreement does include a commitment to pursue an-other idea, and that is what I want to talk about on the floor this afternoon. I have long advocated this as hopefully a more workable condition; that is, to create conditions in and near Syria that will permit people to remain there in humane conditions of relative safety near their home country, within their own culture. To my knowledge, Euro-pean leaders as a group have not before committed to pursue this solution, but I have raised it with European leaders personally. The response has often con-sidered the caution that Europe would not be willing to commit the resources necessary for such a solution. I agree that the resources required would be considerable and that the political courage required would be even great-er, but, I have argued, what is the al-ternative? Until political leaders in Europe, and here as well, see that cre-ating safe areas in and near Syria is the only possible solution to this mi-gration crisis, the political courage and vision to take it up will be absent. But now, at least, the Europeans, having failed at a number of other efforts to address this destabilizing problem, are talking about it. It has always been clear to me that such a solution is far beyond the capac-ity of Europe alone. It will require the United States and other cooperating powers to work with our European partners to create areas in and near Syria where Syrians can find safety and humanitarian relief. As difficult as this task sounds—and surely it is—it has been done before. There is a precedent here. The manner in which the international community eventually came to deal successfully with the Bosnian war in the 1990s gives us a useful template for how we can ap-proach the safe-area task in Syria. That template, derived from our Bos-nia experience, includes two essential components: the U.N. Security Council and NATO, North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization. First, we are going to have to have a clear mandate from the U.N. Security Council creating U.N.-designated safe areas. Secondly, the U.N. Security Council would have to create a new U.N. pro-tective force. ‘‘UNPROFOR’’ is the term that was used in the Balkans. In the Balkan example, that force was comprised of 40,000 troops from 42 con-tributing countries. In Syria, I would suggest that such a course would in-clude most NATO countries and espe-cially neighboring Islamic countries. Russia should also be pressed to par-ticipate. NATO could take on primary planning and organization tasks. When I discussed this proposal with Europeans, the first response has been that no one is willing to put troops in the field to fight this war. It is impor-tant to emphasize that this UNPROFOR would not be in Syria to fight the war; rather, it would exist to protect the designated safe areas. The force would have policing functions in-tended to protect and secure the bor-ders and keep radical elements out or under control. That was the model that was put in place in the Balkans. It suc-ceeded. There were some glitches, there were some problems, but it suc-ceeded. Third, it is obvious that safe areas in Syria would require rigidly enforced no-fly zones authorized by the UNSC. Mr. President, I have presided a num-ber of times, and when the clerk turns and discusses the timeframe—may I ask whether I am under a time limita-tion? If so, I ask unanimous consent to extend that for just a few moments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, as I said, it is obvious that safe areas in Syria would require rigidly enforced no-fly zones authorized by the U.N. Security Council. I suggested that with its plan-ning and leadership capabilities and massive resources, NATO should take on that job, as it did in the Balkans. In this role, too, NATO must work cre-atively to bring in the regional powers in a broad, coordinated effort under NATO leadership. Fourth, as in Bosnia, the U.N. must mobilize a massive relief effort within Syria led by the UNHCR and similar humanitarian organizations. The international community must be willing to pay for this important hu-manitarian effort. We should call for major contributions from the regional states, European countries, and other traditional donor countries long com-mitted to the humanitarian crisis. Dealing with so many refugees in safe, humane conditions will be expen-sive, yes, but it cannot be more expen-sive than the costs already being borne by those destination countries bur-dened with uncontrolled migration. In the current discussions of Turkey, the EU has offered 6 billion euros to help them deal with refugees, and Tur-key has reportedly demanded as much as 20 billion euros. With such sums being discussed—and they almost cer-tainly are underestimates—the costs for caring for these desperate people humanely, in conditions of safety, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.049 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1377 March 9, 2016 
in or near their homeland, are easily justified. Far greater costs will be incurred if this problem is not dealt with effec-tively. For example, a collapse of the Schengen system and reimposition of border controls in Europe—a process now underway—could cost as much as 1.4 trillion euros over the next 10 years, according to a recent European Com-mission report. This is the cost in re-duced economic outlook for the region, not including the costs for infrastruc-ture and personnel if the Schengen sys-tem is abandoned. In returning to where I began, the extra security gained by such a solu-tion is beyond price. I strongly believe the time has now come for us to press vigorously for the safe-area solution to the migrant cri-sis. The problem is growing far worse with each passing month. Efforts to identify other solutions have failed, and the safe-area proposal may be the only one left standing. Those who are discouraged by the admitted obstacles and great difficulties in pursuing this solution must simply be persuaded to take it up with creativity, determina-tion, courage, and leadership. I have discussed this proposal di-rectly with Vice President B
IDEN, Sec-retary of State Kerry, Supreme Allied Commander and NATO Commander General Breedlove, and senior Euro-pean leaders. The Vice President, based on his own experience with the Balkan wars, agrees that the Bosnia precedent could be a useful guide. The general agrees that there are sufficient re-sources if there is sufficient political will. The European leaders I have spo-ken with agree that no other alter-native is visible at this time. That they included this idea in the negotiations with Turkey is a positive sign. I intend to keep these discussions going in com-ing days. In conclusion, I am under no illusions about how difficult this task would be for either us or our allies. It is an enor-mous undertaking, and even when it does not address the underlying con-flict in Syria, which has so far defied all of our best efforts, it is something we must pursue. However, the con-tinuing flow of millions of refugees and migrants is completely unsustainable, posing serious threats to our European friends and ultimately to all of us. I will continue to press for this and talk to European leaders and others in our country to see this as a necessary, viable, and doable solution to a crisis situation that is having enormous im-pacts on the stability of Europe and even on the United States in terms of this humanitarian crisis. With that, I thank my colleague for his patience and allowing me to con-clude. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am on the floor for the 130th time in my ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ series urging us to wake up to the threat of climate change here. Time and time again, peer-reviewed science demonstrates that carbon pol-lution from burning fossil fuels is caus-ing unprecedented climate and oceanic changes. We see the effects already in our farms, our forests, and our fish-eries. Yet the Republican-controlled Congress continues to hit the ‘‘snooze’’ button every time an alarm goes off. Every major scientific society in our country, upon examining the data, says climate change is real and it is caused by our carbon pollution. So do all of our National Laboratories. So do our leading home State universities. The Presiding Officer is from Nebraska, so let me read what the University of Ne-braska says on its Web site: ‘‘Climate change poses significant risks to Ne-braska’s economy, environment, and citizens.’’ Another quote: ‘‘The magnitude and rapidity of the projected changes in cli-mate are unprecedented.’’ The fundamental science of climate change is settled, and the stakes of the climate crisis loom large. In poll after poll, Americans demonstrate they un-derstand the connection between cli-mate change and the role humans play in affecting climate. A recent poll shows that 64 percent of Americans support enacting policies to address climate change and 78 percent of Amer-icans think Federal Government should curb the release of greenhouse gases. In spite of the overwhelming science demonstrating that climate change is real and the growing awareness and de-termination of the American public to do something about it, Congress con-tinues to prevaricate. The reason is simple: the power and threats of the fossil fuel industry. But is this strat-egy, the fossil fuel industry strategy of obstruction and denial, actually self- injurious? Let’s look at coal. The coal indus-try—longtime provider of inexpensive yet dirty energy—is in economic de-cline. Between 2008 and 2014, coal pro-duction and consumption have de-creased by 15 percent and 18 percent re-spectively. Analyses by the U.S. En-ergy Information Administration sug-gest 2015 U.S. coal production was like-ly down a further 10 percent, the lowest level since 1986. Coal is losing its share of the electricity market to natural gas and to wind power. From 2002 to 2012, net generation from coal declined by 22 percent and coal-fired electricity, which just 15 years ago constituted 50 percent of the electricity on the grid, now makes up only 33 percent, roughly, and falling. Gas-fired powerplants gen-erated more energy than coal in 7 of the 12 months of 2015. Prior to 2015, gas-fired electricity generation never exceeded coal. The top four U.S. coal companies— Peabody Energy, Arch Coal, Cloud Peak Energy, and Alpha Natural Re-sources—produce approximately half of the domestic volume of coal in this country. In the past 5 years, all four companies’ stock prices have crashed. According to a recent report from the Niskanen Center, a Libertarian-leaning think tank, the combined total revenue of these top producers between 2010 and 2014 declined by approximately 18 per-cent. Wall Street giant Goldman Sachs re-cently delivered more bad news for the global coal market. According to its analysis, ‘‘the industry does not re-quire new investment given the ability of existing assets to satisfy flat de-mand, so prices will remain under pres-sure as the deflationary cycle con-tinues.’’ The coal industry seems divorced from this reality. Consider what Peabody’s CEO Gregory Boyce argued in his company’s 2014 annual report: ‘‘[T]hermal coal consumption from the low-cost U.S. regions . . . is likely to increase 50 to 70 million tons over the next 3 years as natural gas prices re-cover, demand from other regions is displaced, and expected coal plant re-tirements are offset by higher plant utilization rates.’’ Well, the Energy Information Admin-istration disagrees, projecting thermal coal demand growth of just 4 million tons between 2012 and 2018. And remem-ber, this was Peabody Energy’s CEO speaking last week. Wyoming’s Star Tribune reported that Peabody Ener-gy’s senior lenders are recommending that America’s largest coal company file for bankruptcy, as Arch Coal, the second largest coal miner in the United States, did in January. Patriot Coal Corporation, Walter Energy, and Alpha Natural Resources have also all filed for bankruptcy in the past year. The fossil fuel strategy of political obstruction for coal is looking more and more like economic suicide. In some corners, light is dawning. Appalachian Power president and CEO Charles Patton told a meeting of en-ergy executives last fall that coal is losing a long-term contest with natural gas and renewables. He said this: ‘‘If we believe we can just change administra-tions and this issue is going to go away, we’re making a terrible mis-take.’’ Well, what if there is an answer to this terrible mistake that is also an an-swer to climate change. What if we could reduce the amount of carbon pol-lution we dump into the atmosphere and oceans while helping communities to transition from coal-based econo-mies to clean energy ones, helping coal miners. More and more conservative and libertarian economists are making the case that the ailing coal industry should embrace a fee on carbon. The idea is simple. You levy a price on the thing you don’t want—carbon pollution—and you use the revenue to pay for things you do want. Greg Ip, chief economics commentator for the Wall Street Journal wrote: The most reliable way to limit the bushing of fossil fuels is to alter market signals so as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.052 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1378 March 9, 2016 
to divert demand toward cleaner sources of energy or conservation. We know how to do that: Put a price on carbon dioxide emissions via a tax, or via tradeable emission allow-ances in a cap-and-trade system. Both incentivize the market to find the least eco-nomically harmful way to reduce emissions. 
Dr. Aparna Mathur of the conserv-ative American Enterprise Institute conducted an analysis with a colleague from the Brookings Institution show-ing a carbon fee could reduce emis-sions, shore up the country’s fiscal out-look, and play an important role in broader tax reform. Dr. Mathur points out: ‘‘The fact that we understand bet-ter the burden of a carbon tax and how to offset it for low-income households should make us more likely to adopt this policy, not less so.’’ In fact, even the fossil fuel industry knows a carbon tax is an effective mechanism to help shift toward a low- carbon energy future. Six of the world’s major oil and gas companies, including BP Group and Royal Dutch Shell, wrote the United Nations last summer saying they could take faster climate action if governments work to-gether to put a proper price on the en-vironmental and economic harms of greenhouse gas emissions. Here is what they said: 
[W]e need governments across the world to provide us with clear, stable, long-term am-bitious policy frameworks. We believe that a price on carbon should be a key element of these frameworks. 
Harvard Professor N. Gregory Mankiw was chair of the Council of Economic Advisers for President George W. Bush, and he served as an economic adviser to Republican Presi-dential nominee Mitt Romney. He agrees: ‘‘The best way to curb carbon emissions is to put a price on carbon.’’ With a robust price on carbon, Con-gress could help coal mining compa-nies, help coal mine workers, and help States and communities with signifi-cant coal mining activity. A carbon fee could be used to help coal companies by supplanting current taxes and fees and funding carbon capture for existing operating coal plants. A carbon fee could help coal workers by retraining them for high-paying jobs and pro-viding pension and health care security not available from bankrupted employ-ers. A carbon fee can provide assistance to coal mining communities to help them transition through all the chal-lenges I have described. A report by David Bookbinder and David Bailey of the Niskanen Center said this: 
The coal industry is facing terminal de-cline. . . . An unfettered chaotic decline of the coal industry would create major social and economic issues such as deep regional unemployment and a multitude of unfunded liabilities, particularly for coal-dependent States. 
They point out that there is a way to solve these problems: 
Compensation for the losers from govern-ment policy action is an important conserv-ative principle. 
It is in this spirit that I introduced, along with Senator S
CHATZ , the Amer-ican Opportunity Carbon Fee Act of last year. I call it a carbon fee because none of the revenues would go to fund Big Government. The bill is a simple proposal to cut emissions while raising over $2 trillion in revenue, all of which would be returned to the American people—no bigger government. In addition to slashing the corporate tax rate, which the revenues would let us do, and providing families with tax credits beginning at $1,000 per couple, which the revenues also would allow us to do, the bill would provide $20 billion of flexible annual funding back to the people through their States to be used to help them through this inevitable transition—this inevitable transition. In coal-heavy States, this money could make the difference for communities that have been reliant on coal jobs. Arthur Laffer, economic adviser to President Reagan, called our bill a ‘‘game-changer.’’ He said of my pro-posal: ‘‘I applaud Senator Whitehouse’s efforts to reduce carbon emissions while simultaneously offsetting— through pro-growth marginal tax rate decreases—the harm done to the econ-omy by the carbon tax.’’ I introduced my bill to start a con-versation with Republicans on how best to design a carbon fee to help the economy. I would welcome the oppor-tunity to sit down with any colleague to discuss ways to improve our pro-posal. The coal industry in particular has a clear choice: either to keep fighting climate action, keep obstructing, keep their head in the sand, continue to be truculent and obtuse until they crash into more bankruptcy in that unfet-tered chaotic decline the Niskanen Center predicts or they could embrace a carbon fee and use it to provide for coal communities, to provide for coal workers, to provide for carbon recov-ery, and to provide for retirees bur-dened with unfunded pension obliga-tions. Mr. President, I have put a ladder into the water, and I urge the coal in-dustry, before it goes under, to grab hold. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, our Na-tion’s Founders fought the British Em-pire to create an independent nation governed by laws. They fought so their children could be freed from the cal-lous fiats of a monarchy on the other side of the ocean. Our Founders learned from the ex-cesses and mistakes of European pow-ers and came together to design a new system of government, a carefully bal-anced system, one of distributed pow-ers and responsibilities, checks and balances. American schoolchildren learn about the three coequal branches of government and the unique roles they play in maintaining that carefully crafted balance of power. A strong, independent, and fully functioning judiciary is inseparable from a healthy American democracy. Our Founders wisely reached consensus to create a system wherein the Presi-dent designates judicial nominees and the Senate provides advice and con-sent. This prevents undue influence or control by either the White House or the Congress over the Supreme Court. Simply put, the Senate has a constitu-tional duty to provide timely consider-ation of any President’s Supreme Court nominees. Today, I would like to focus on three distinct and complementary reasons why we must fulfill this obligation. First, we should examine the ample historical records available to deter-mine the intent of our Nation’s Found-ers. Second, we should look at the ac-tual text of the Constitution and the plain meaning of the words in the docu-ment we all agree represents the high-est law in the land. Finally, we can look at the Senate’s track record and traditions when it comes to consid-ering Supreme Court nominees. As Senators, we raise our hand and take a solemn oath to defend the Con-stitution of the United States and faithfully discharge the duties of our office. One of the core constitutionally mandated duties of serving as a Sen-ator is to advise and consent on Su-preme Court nominees, and it is not one we can take lightly. We are fortunate that many of our Nation’s forefathers were prolific writ-ers who left us reams of documents that now help us understand the de-bates and the discussions that led to our current system of government. Our Nation’s fourth President and the youngest member of the Constitu-tional Convention, James Madison, kept a record of the debates that oc-curred during those formative months of our Nation in the summer of 1787. I urge my colleagues to revisit this record as they consider how to proceed with our Nation’s next Supreme Court nominee. On June 4, 1787, James Wilson of Pennsylvania—a signatory of the Dec-laration of Independence and a member of the Continental Congress—argued that justices should be appointed by the executive branch alone and strong-ly opposed appointments made by the Federal legislature. Madison disliked the appointment of judges by the legis-lature but also wasn’t satisfied with a unilateral Executive appointment. He ultimately suggested that judicial ap-pointments should be made by the Sen-ate. This issue of judicial appointments was debated vigorously and continued over multiple sessions as delegates traded proposals. Charles Pinckney of South Carolina and Roger Sherman of Connecticut opposed Wilson and pushed for the legislative appointment of Jus-tices. Madison, however, moved us closer to our present system by suggesting that only the Senate should have the power to appoint Justices to the Supreme Court and not the House of Representa-tives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.053 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1379 March 9, 2016 
Nathaniel Gorham, a delegate from Massachusetts, first introduced the concept of appointment by the Presi-dent with the advice and consent of the Senate. This balanced approach re-solved the concerns of delegates who believed unilateral Presidential ap-pointments bordered on monarchy, while also addressing the concern that legislative appointments were simply too vulnerable to the fleeting parochial interests that may dominate the dis-cussion on any given day. Months later, on September 7, 1787, the delegates unanimously agreed on the final language that governs the nomination and confirmation of Su-preme Court Justices to this day. Our Founders’ focus on the appointment and confirmation of the Supreme Court Justices was not an academic exercise, nor was it an intergovernmental turf war. It was an iterative, deliberative process with a clear goal: a strong and independent judiciary. Alexander Hamilton, probably the most prolific of our Founders when it comes to the written word, directly ad-dressed the independence of the judici-ary in The Federalist Papers. He ar-gued: ‘‘Liberty can have nothing to fear from the judiciary alone, but would have everything to fear from its union with either of the other depart-ments.’’ Hamilton was concerned that a Su-preme Court too heavily influenced by Congress or the White House would not adequately protect the rights and free-doms of the American people. He wrote that an independent judiciary ‘‘will al-ways be the least dangerous to the po-litical rights of the Constitution; be-cause it will be least in a capacity to annoy or injure them.’’ Tying the hands of the Supreme Court by keeping an empty seat on the nine-member bench amounts to the union between the departments that Hamilton warned us about. Refusing to even consider a Supreme Court nomi-nee strengthens the Senate to the det-riment of the executive and judicial branches, throws off a carefully crafted balance of power, and contravenes our Founders’ intent. Some legal scholars, Senators, and members of the judiciary argue that intent is irrelevant and that we should strictly construe the words on the page. Let’s look at the plain meaning of the constitutional text. Article 3, sec-tion 1, states that ‘‘The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish.’’ While lower courts could be estab-lished by Congress, the Supreme Court resolves issues between and among the States. It is the highest Court in the land, a Court of finality. The Constitution specifically ad-dresses the appointment of Justices to the Supreme Court. Article 2, section 2, states the Presi-dent ‘‘shall nominate’’—and I repeat ‘‘shall nominate’’—‘‘and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall’’—and I repeat ‘‘shall’’—‘‘appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court.’’ ‘‘Shall’’ is not a word that is consid-ered ambiguous. Its meaning hasn’t evolved over time. It is not open for in-terpretation. It is not permissive in na-ture. It is instructive, and it is clear. There are many modern-day issues we face that our Founders could have never imagined. We will grapple with novel constitutional questions for as long as this Nation exists. But the question of how Supreme Court Jus-tices are appointed is something our Founders debated, decided, and they enshrined in the Constitution. The President is required to nomi-nate a Justice, and the Senate has the job of confirming or rejecting that ap-pointment. If the Senate attempts to undermine the President’s constitu-tional responsibility to nominate a Justice and this body fails to provide advice and consent on that nomina-tion—well, we then have abdicated one of the Senate’s most important and sa-cred constitutional obligations. The Senate has a longstanding tradi-tion of swiftly considering and con-firming judicial nominees. Presidents and the Senate have historically taken their responsibility to fill the Supreme Court very seriously, even when they were at odds over who that nominee may have been. I am surprised and also disappointed that so many of my col-leagues seem to be ignoring their con-stitutional obligations in a stark de-parture from the history of the U.S. Senate. According to the nonpartisan Con-gressional Research Service, since the Judiciary Committee’s creation 200 years ago, they have typically reported Supreme Court nominations that were opposed by a committee majority to allow the full Senate to make the final decision on whether the nominee should be confirmed. Let me repeat this very important fact. Even if a nominee was opposed in committee, their nomination was still brought to the floor of the Senate for a vote. Let’s also consider recent history. Since 1975, the time from a President’s formal nomination to hearing has aver-aged 42 days. The time from a nomina-tion to committee vote has averaged 57 days. The time from a nomination to floor vote has averaged 70 days. The current vacancy we are dealing with occurred 269 days before the 2016 election and with 342 days remaining in President Obama’s term in office. Without doing a whole lot of math, it is safe to say that there is more than enough time to nominate, consider, and confirm a Supreme Court Justice before the November election if we move at a deliberate, average pace, on par with what has existed for over four decades. If the Senate waits for a new admin-istration before even considering a nominee, we will be approaching a full year with an empty seat on the highest Court in the land. Not since the Amer-ican Civil War has the Senate taken longer than a year to fill a Supreme Court vacancy. There is a reason that Presidents and the Senate work together and histori-cally do not drag out Supreme Court nominations: An eight-member Su-preme Court simply cannot fully do its job. The cases in which the Supreme Court relies on having all nine Justices to break a deadlock are often those that are most contested. They involve timely, novel legal issues and resolve splits between Federal circuit courts. Legal scholar Justin Pidot recently cited Chief Justice William Rehnquist regarding situations where the court of appeals had arrived at different conclu-sions about the resolution of legal issues. Rehnquist said: ‘‘Affirmance of each of such conflicting results by an equally divided Court would lay down ‘one rule in Athens, and another in Rome,’ with a vengeance.’’ Over 30 constitutional law scholars recently echoed that sentiment, writ-ing: ‘‘A vacancy on the Court for a year and a half likely would mean many in-stances where the Court could not re-solve a split among the circuits. There would be the very undesirable result that the same federal law would differ in meaning in various parts of the country.’’ Federal law is just that: It is Federal. We cannot have one interpretation of Federal law in Michigan, Ohio, and Kentucky and a whole different inter-pretation of law in Wisconsin, Illinois, and Indiana. Previous Presidents have weighed in on the importance of a fully oper-ational Court. President Reagan said: ‘‘Every day that passes with a Supreme Court below full strength impairs the people’s business in that crucially im-portant body.’’ I know many of my colleagues in the Senate revere President Reagan, and I wish to repeat his important words that have so much relevance to what we are debating here today. He said: ‘‘Every day that passes with a Supreme Court below full strength impairs the people’s business in that crucially im-portant body.’’ In fact, President Reagan was able to make a Supreme Court appointment in his final year in office. The Senate ful-filled its duties by providing timely consideration of that nominee, Justice Anthony Kennedy. Forcing lower courts to serve as the courts of last resort empowers congres-sionally created courts and weakens the Supreme Court in a way that was never intended by the Framers of the United States Constitution. I wish to remind my colleagues that the Constitution allows Congress to de-cide how to organize the lower courts. But the Constitution requires—it re-quires—the advice and consent of the Senate for confirmation of Supreme Court Justices. We must do our job so that the Supreme Court can do theirs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.055 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1380 March 9, 2016 
The American people have elected President Obama to office twice, and he has a constitutional obligation and clear authority to nominate a can-didate to succeed Justice Scalia on the Supreme Court. The Senate has previously confirmed six Supreme Court nominees in Presi-dential election years, including most recently under President Reagan. There is no reason we should not con-sider any nominee put forward by the President with a fair hearing and a vote. Each and every Member of this body has the responsibility to thor-oughly scrutinize and decide whether or not to confirm the President’s nomi-nee. I ran for the U.S. Senate because of my desire to serve the people of the State of Michigan. I took an oath, as did every Member of this body, swear-ing to defend the Constitution and faithfully discharge the duties of our office. The Senate must honor the thought-fulness of our country’s forefathers and respect the independence of each of the branches of our Nation’s government. We must also respect the United States Constitution. The role of the Supreme Court is simply too important to our democracy for the Senate to ignore the Constitution and wait nearly a year to do its job. Members of this body must fulfill their obligations. The Members of this body must honor their duty and uphold their constitutional oath. And the Members of this body must fully con-sider and evaluate the qualifications of any nominee the President submits. I look forward to doing my own thor-ough review of the President’s nominee and working with my colleagues to ful-fill our essential constitutional duties. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, last year the law everybody wanted to fix was named No Child Left Behind. Despite many different opinions and many different political attitudes, we got it done. I give great credit to the Senator from Washington, Mrs. P
ATTY  M
URRAY , and to the members of our Education Committee, 22 Senators of widely divergent political views, for their willingness to do that. I often say if all you want to do is an-nounce your opinion, you can do that at home. You can stand on the street corner and preach or you can get your own radio program, but if you want to be a U.S. Senator, after you announce your opinion, you are supposed to get a result, and that means work with other people to identify common areas of in-terest and see if you can, and we were able to do that with the bill that fixed No Child Left Behind. Not only did we reach a consensus that needed to be fixed, we reached a consensus on how to fix it. The President signed it on De-cember 10. He called it a Christmas miracle. It passed broadly in this body and it had the effect of reversing the trend toward a national school board, of repealing the common core mandate, and of, according to the Wall Street Journal, being the largest devolution of power from Washington to local con-trol of schools in 25 years. So it was a significant bill, and I would argue that no bill that the Congress enacted last year was more important. This year, I would suggest that if we are successful, that the most impor-tant bill that passes this body will be a bill to advance biomedical research, a companion bill to the 21st century cures bill the House of Representatives already passed. That is because this is the opportunity that everybody wants us to take. It is the opportunity to take advantage of the tremendous ad-vances in scientific discovery that have created an environment where we have opportunities to help virtually every American. We are able to cure some cancers in-stead of just treat cancers. Children with cystic fibrosis are beginning to be actually cured of their disease, a dis-ease that was completely debilitating. Remarkable advances are being made because of genomic research. We have exceptionally talented people in charge of the agencies in dealing with this; for example, Dr. Francis Collins with the National Institutes of Health and now the recently confirmed Dr. Califf at the Food and Drug Administration. So this is the best opportunity we have to make a mark in the Senate this year to help virtually every American, and we have some catching up to do. It is rare that I would admit the House of Representatives is ahead of us, but they are. They called their bill the 21st century cures bill. We have a common objective; that is, to get cures, drugs, and treatments through the regulatory process and the invest-ment process more rapidly and into the medicine cabinets of the doctors’ of-fices so they can help people. They fin-ished their work last year. The Presi-dent has taken the lead. He has called for a Precision Medicine Initiative. It is one of his major initiatives. I talked with him about it last year. I said: Mr. President, we will help you do that, and the way to do it is through our Biomedical Innovation Initiative. What he wants to do, to begin with, is to get a million genome sequenced so that when the Senator from Arizona is sick—which he rarely is, he is in such good health—or I am sick, the doctor may prescribe medicine that fits our own individual genome and not just a medicine that is, in effect, one-size- fits-all. That is just part of the excite-ment of precision medicine. And then more recently the President has an-nounced the Cancer Moonshot to try to make further advances in that. There is additional interest on both sides of the aisle in a surge of new funding for the National Institutes of Health, possibly including mandatory funding, if it is properly done, which means replacing other mandatory fund-ing. There is bipartisan interest in that. But none of that will happen unless we move through our committee and on to the floor and to a conference with the House and on to the President’s desk our biomedical research bill, our companion bill to the 21st century cures. The only way to get support for the President’s Precision Medicine Initia-tive, the only way to get the Cancer Moonshot, the only way to get a surge of funding that may include mandatory funding for the NIH is to pass this bill. Let’s be blunt about it. The good news is, we are making good progress. We are making good progress. I wanted to report to the Sen-ate that this morning we had our sec-ond markup, our second meeting of our full committee where we discussed the measure we have been working on for more than a year for our biomedical in-novation bill. We have come up with 50 bipartisan proposals that Members have been working on to get patients access to more drugs, cures, and treat-ments in a safe and effective way. We have held 10 bipartisan hearings on our innovation project, and 6 of those 10 hearings have been on an electronic health care records system. That pro-gram, we found, was in a ditch. The taxpayers have spent $30 million on it to try to draw into it doctors and hos-pitals to use electronic medical records so that you could take—so you know what your records are and the doctors could prescribe and diagnosis more eas-ily. The problem was, it wasn’t done very well. Stage one was helpful, most of the hospitals and doctors said to me. Stage two was difficult, and stage three, in their words, was terrifying. Precision medicine will not work un-less we have an interoperable elec-tronic health care records system that has as its goal simplifying what hap-pens in the doctor’s office or the pa-tient’s bedroom in such a way—both with devices and with data—that peo-ple can make sense of it. It will im-prove the practice of medicine. It will reduce the huge amount of time doc-tors are spending on documentation. Some doctors say they spend 40 or 50 percent of their time doing that. If they are doing that, either they are doing something wrong or the govern-ment is doing something wrong, and my guess is we are. That is my guess. So we set out this year to take several steps to change that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.056 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1381 March 9, 2016 
The administration—and I will give them credit—has gotten the message as well, and they, including Dr. DeSalvo and Secretary Burwell and Andy Slavitt, the head of CMS, have made a priority of trying to take this elec-tronic medical records system and get it back on track so that doctors and physicians will see it as an opportunity and not as a burden. We have several steps in our legisla-tion that will help make electronic medical records work better. They in-clude giving agencies more flexibility for alliances like the Vanderbilt- Google partnership that was announced the other day. They include dealing with the privacy issues that occur when you get a million genomes sequenced. They include encouraging interoperability and data sharing that is essential to doing this. So we are all working together to do that, but it will be necessary to pass our bill for elec-tronic medical records to move more rapidly, and it will be necessary for the electronic medical records system to work if the President’s Precision Medi-cine Initiative is to work. Last month we had a markup in our committee where we considered 15 of our bipartisan proposals and 7 bills, and we passed them all. The bills will mean better pacemakers for Americans with heart conditions, better rehabili-tation for stroke victims, more young researchers entering the medical field, and better access for doctors to their patients’ medical records, as I just de-scribed. And for the parents of a child suffering from a rare disease like cys-tic fibrosis, the bill from Senators B
EN-
NET, BURR, W ARREN , and H ATCH in-creases the chances that researchers will find a treatment or cure for your child’s disease. That was the good work in the committee last month. Today, we met all morning and we considered 7 more bills, and about 15 more proposals were incorporated in those bills. Each of those bills, the Sen-ators feel, is an important step for-ward. For example, Senators C
ASEY , I
SAKSON , BROWN , and K IRKoffered a bill, which was passed, to create drugs to treat or cure rare diseases in chil-dren. Senators B
URR, BENNET , HATCH , and D
ONNELLY proposed, and it was passed, to create a new system for break-through devices that is similar to the breakthrough for drugs that Senator B
URR and Senator B ENNET and others worked on in 2012, and that has shown such promise and such results. Every-one is pleasantly—I wouldn’t say sur-prised, but maybe surprised by how many new drugs have been approved by the FDA using the breakthrough proc-ess from 2012. We hope the same will be true with the breakthrough process for devices. Senators B
ENNET and H ATCH offered a bill that will remove the uncertainty in the definition of ‘‘medical devices’’ that was adopted in 1976. Most people didn’t even know what software was in 1976. Senators BURR, CASEY , ISAKSON , and R
OBERTS had a bill to spur the develop-ment to save the lives of victims of bioterror. Senators I
SAKSON , CASEY , DONNELLY , and R
OBERTS offered a bill to prevent the promising new field of combination products from getting caught in red-tape at the FDA. By combination prod-ucts, I mean devices and drugs to-gether. A bill from Senators W
ICKER , KLO-
BUCHAR , B ENNET , C OLLINS , and F
RANKEN would increase the say pa-tients would have in the FDA approval process about treatments received in a clinical trial. Senators F
RANKEN , NELSON , ISAKSON , and B
ROWN had a bill to encourage companies to develop a treatment, cure, or vaccine for the Zika virus. These were all adopted, but for these to become law, we have to pass our bill. We have to bring it to the floor this year, and we have to do it in a bipar-tisan way and pass our bill. At 3 markups—our third one will be in April—we will consider 50 proposals, and every single one of them has bipar-tisan support. There are two or three areas where we have a difference of opinion. I am glad to see the Senator from Illinois is here because one of the areas we discussed this morning is one where he has been very important, and that is to have a surge of additional funding for the National Institutes of Health. Numbers of us were very proud of the work Senator M
URRAY , Senator B
LUNT , Senator D URBIN , and others did to make sure that we had $2 billion more in the regular appropriations last year for the National Institutes of Health—very important. A number of us believe that it would be appropriate in connection with this innovation legislation to have a surge of additional funding for specific projects at the National Institutes of Health but not at the expense of a steady increase in the regular discre-tionary funding. There are a variety of reasons for that. I won’t go into them all today because the Senator from Illi-nois may want to speak. But if we are talking about mandatory funding, mandatory funding is already out of control, and the President’s new budg-et has $682 billion of mandatory fund-ing in it. It also has new taxes to pay for it, which the Congress isn’t going to adopt. The more responsible pro-posal would be to reduce mandatory funding by $682 billion. In any event, if we have any manda-tory funding, it needs to replace other mandatory funding. And we don’t want to create a situation where anyone gets the idea that mandatory funding is a substitute for steady increases in dis-cretionary funding, which has hap-pened before. As Senator B
LUNT point-ed out this week in our appropriations hearing, when the Congress put in the mandatory funding for community health centers and the National Health Service Corps, the discretionary funds started to dry up. So we have different proposals for how to deal with this. The Democratic Senators on our committee have rec-ommended $50 billion over the next 10 years. I recommended an NIH innova-tion fund which would create a surge of funding for high-priority initiatives at NIH, including the President’s Preci-sion Medicine Initiative, the Cancer Moonshot, the BRAIN Initiative, Big Biothink Awards, and a Young Investi-gator Corps. It would be in addition to discretionary funds, not a replacement for them. So my hope is that Senator MURRAY  and I and our committee can work to-gether over the next 2 or 3 weeks and complete our work on our biomedical research legislation by our markup on April 6. I hope we can come to the floor and present to Senator M
CCONNELL , the majority leader, along with that, a bi-partisan consensus for an additional surge of funding, including mandatory funding for medical research in the areas I have suggested. I have said that we will need to replace other manda-tory funding in order for it to be con-sidered. I hope we can work that way in the committee, and I hope the Sen-ate will look forward to receiving this. I will conclude by simply saying that last year I believe no bill was more im-portant that we worked on in the Sen-ate than the bill to fix No Child Left Behind. It affected 50 million children, 3.5 million teachers, and 100,000 public schools. The only reason it happened was because we had Senators of very different backgrounds and attitudes and political differences who agreed that a result was more important. The same here. The opportunity everybody wants us to take this year is to take advantage of this magnificent sci-entific revolution and encourage the research and the other steps we need to take to move treatments and cures and drugs into the medicine cabinets and the doctors’ offices more rapidly, in a safe and effective way. I believe we can do that. I hope our work is finished by early April. I hope it is bipartisan. I look forward to the opportunity of being able to say later this year that the most important bill the Senate worked on with the House and the President is this 21st century cures idea. The House has done its job. The President is out front. We need to catch up. I am convinced we can. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, having followed my friend and colleague from Tennessee, Senator A
LEXANDER has spelled out an exciting possibility, and I know it won’t be easy. It is a heavy political lift. But what he is talking about is coming up with a dramatic commitment of funds for medical re-search for the next 8, 9, or 10 years, over and above the ordinary budget of the National Institutes of Health. We have sat down and talked about this several times, and I whole-heartedly endorse not only his concept 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.059 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1382 March 9, 2016 
but also when he gets down to spe-cifics. Some of the things he wants to focus on, including the Moonshot for Cancer, for example, is one, of course, the President and the Vice President and the vast majority of Americans would endorse because there isn’t a sin-gle one of us who hasn’t been touched by the threat or the actual disease of cancer among our families and friends. I won’t go through the entire list, but whether we are dealing with the issues involving the brain, including Alz-heimer’s, Parkinson’s, neurological issues—there are so many needs there, and I wholeheartedly endorse what he is setting out to do. On a bipartisan basis, I will work with him and Senator M
URRAY and Senator B LUNT and Sen-ator L
INDSEY GRAHAM . We all share these feelings, that this is something that will be a legacy item for this Sen-ate. I thank the Senator from Tennessee for his leadership and his cooperation in building up the budget for the Na-tional Institutes of Health research this year. The $2 billion will make a difference. I thank the Senator for being on the floor. 
LEAD CONTAMINATION  
Mr. President, I would like to address a couple of issues. The contaminated water crisis in Flint, MI, is a wake-up call across America. We have to have protections in place when it comes to lead con-tamination. My heart goes out to peo-ple in Flint, MI, dealing with the con-sequences of this preventable, man-made crisis. The Senate needs to do something to help the people of Flint. We must also recognize that children across America are poisoned every day by lead, and we need to do something about it to protect these families. A Chicago Tribune reporter, Michael Hawthorne, recently authored some ar-ticles on this issue, revealing hundreds of cases of childhood lead poisoning stemming from different sources in Flint, such as lead-based paint in feder-ally subsidized housing. That’s right— housing we own as taxpayers, housing we manage as the Federal Government, and housing which is dangerous to the children who are living there. Exposure to high levels of lead poisoning can be devastating to a child, causing irrep-arable damage. Because the children who live in this housing are from low- income families—many minority fami-lies—lead poisoning can further trap these kids in the cycles of poverty, vio-lence, and inequality. Families are often stuck in the homes even after the lead is discovered with no place to go. That is why Senator M
ENENDEZ from New Jersey and I joined together to offer the Lead-Safe Housing for Kids Act, to ensure safe and affordable hous-ing by reducing the threat of lead expo-sure and lead poisoning. Congressional Representatives K
EITH ELLISON , M IKE Q
UIGLEY from my State of Illinois, B
RENDA LAWRENCE , and D ANKILDEE  have introduced companion legislation in the House. Since the enactment of Federal lead policies in the early 1990s, lead poi-soning rates have fallen. This is a big success story. However, the risk of lead poisoning from lead-based paint haz-ards found in homes continues to threaten kids who are living in homes built before 1978. This is especially true in Illinois. It is a problem in Cleveland, Baltimore, Buffalo, Pittsburgh, and many other cities. HUD regulations are outdated, inef-fective, and based on old scientific dis-coveries that haven’t been updated. Under current HUD regulations, a land-lord is not required to remediate a home to make it safe where lead-based paint hazards have been found until a child’s blood lead level is 20 micrograms of lead per deciliter. That standard from HUD is four times the standard of the Centers for Disease Control. When I asked Secretary Cas-tro of Housing and Urban Development why would we have such a disparity— why would you allow lead contamina-tion in a child four times the level of what the Centers for Disease Control says is acceptable? He said: I have no answer, and we are going to change it. It is just wrong. I salute him for ac-knowledging that, and I hope to help him in any way I can to change this regulation. We also need better inspections. In-spections to qualify to be a part of a Federal housing program are cursory visual inspections. There is no way to discover lead paint that can be dan-gerous to household members or kids unless you have a thorough inspection. In addition to that, once we discover there is lead in the residence, we have to find another place for the family to live unless that lead can be remediated quickly. No one knows this better than Lanice Walker. She moved out of public hous-ing in 2012 and into a home with a housing choice voucher. What an op-portunity for her family—a new home. Less than 5 months after she and her family moved in, her 4-year-old daugh-ter was diagnosed with lead poisoning. Lanice was aware of the dangers of lead in kids. She asked the Chicago Housing Authority for permission to move. They said no. Why? Because her daugh-ter’s blood level hadn’t met the HUD standard. It met the CDC standard, which was one-fourth, but hadn’t met the HUD standards. So despite her daughter having a blood lead level twice that of what the CDC considers to be dangerous, they wouldn’t move her out of her house. So she stayed. Within the next year, another child in the house was diagnosed with lead poi-soning, too, and then another one. Be-fore she moved out, all nine of Lanice’s children had elevated blood lead levels. Even so, she received permission to move only after legal advocates inter-vened. This could have been avoided if the home had been properly inspected. Sadly, this isn’t an isolated incident. Since 2012, in Chicago alone at least 180 kids in section 8 housing have fallen victim to this mismatch in the blood level standards. After hearing Lanice’s story, the Chicago Housing Authority said it would voluntarily recognize the CDC guidelines, even though HUD didn’t require them to. That is a good step. However, families all across America need the same relief that will come when HUD standards are changed. That is what this bill is all about. I commend it to my colleagues and hope they would look at it care-fully in an effort to ensure that public housing is safe. What did we learn in Flint, MI? We think 9,000 children were exposed to the lead in the water that has had an impact on them—for some, brain dam-age that cannot be reversed. Who will answer for the poisoning of 9,000 chil-dren? How can we answer to the next generation that faces this hazard if we don’t take this important step? We need to ensure that Federal lead standards are updated in accordance with the best available science, and adopt primary prevention measures to protect children from lead exposure in low-income housing. That means align-ing HUD standards with the CDC’s standards and requiring a risk assess-ment before a family moves into a home, and allowing mothers like Lanice Walker to move her family without the fear of losing assistance when a lead hazard is identified. We all know how destructive lead poisoning is on children and our soci-ety. Yet, our federal policies are actu-ally allowing young children to stay in unsafe homes for months after they have been diagnosed with lead poi-soning. By updating HUD’s regulations, we can protect the most vulnerable children from the harmful, irreversible effects of lead poisoning. I hope my colleagues will join me in this important effort. American chil-dren are depending on it, and they can-not afford to wait. Mr. President, we have a bill before us to deal with opioids and the heroin crisis. It is a crisis that hit Illinois and hit it hard. Across Illinois we suffered from over 1,700 drug overdose deaths in 2014—a 30-percent increase over 2010; 40 percent were associated with heroin. Last October in Chicago, in a week-end, we had 74 people die from fentanyl-laced heroin overdoses in 72 hours. The Chicago metro area ranked first in the country, sadly, for total number of emergency department her-oin visits. This is higher than New York, which has three times the popu-lation. This epidemic demands our at-tention. We need a comprehensive solu-tion. First, look at Pharma flooding Amer-ica with opioids such as OxyContin, hydrocodone, and similar opioid prod-ucts. In the last year, there was a cal-culation that there were some 14 bil-lion opioid pills manufactured by phar-maceutical companies in America. That is enough to give every adult per-son in America a 1-month prescription of opioids. Naturally, everyone doesn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.060 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1383 March 9, 2016 
need it, but they keep generating these volumes because the demand is there— not for medicinal purposes, sadly, but for narcotic purposes. The pharma-ceutical industry has a responsibility, and doctors have a responsibility. Those pills don’t move from the phar-maceutical companies to the end user except with a doctor and a pharmacy in most instances. Many doctors are too loose in their prescriptions when it comes to pain-killers. They prescribe too many pills. I guess somebody makes more money that way, or maybe doctors are not bothered on weekends that way, but, sadly, it puts into circulation a lot of medications that are not needed for pain. Some pharmacies know exactly what is going on as people walk in with scrip after scrip for opioids. They fill them without question. Many States don’t have laws to monitor these sales. Then comes the devastation of opioid addiction followed by heroin addiction. I have seen it across my State. There isn’t a city too small or a suburb too wealthy or any corner of my State that hasn’t been touched by this crisis. It is everywhere. Many of the kids that I have seen at these roundtables who have survived it and tell their heroic stories of coming back from heroin ad-diction—you look in their eyes and say: I would never have picked that kid out of a high school class to be a heroin addict. Some of them have been addicts for years before they finally get the treatment they need. We need a comprehensive solution to address this crisis. We must prevent drug companies from flooding the mar-ket with excessive amounts of addict-ive pills. We must encourage the Drug Enforcement Administration to use their existing authority to keep unnec-essary drugs off the market. We must crack down on doctors who over-pre-scribe and pharmacies that over-dis-pense. We must remove barriers to sub-stance use disorder treatments, which is why Senator K
INGand I introduced legislation ensuring that lower-income patients suffering from substance abuse disorders are able to get the care they so desperately need. And we must put our money where our mouth is. We cannot expect real change to come about through good intentions. We can authorize all the programs we want, issue all the directives we want, cite all the statistics we want, but nothing will change unless we give our Federal agencies and local governments the re-sources necessary to tackle this com-plex problem head on. This bill before us is a step in the right direction. It requires the estab-lishment of a Federal interagency task force to develop best practices for pain management and pain medication pre-scribing, creates a national drug awareness campaign on the risks of opioid abuse, and authorizes grants to States, locals, and nonprofits to ad-dress opioid abuse and fund treatment alternatives. This bill could have a positive impact on communities in need if we are able to provide the necessary funding. That is why in addition to supporting the underlying bill I also strongly sup-ported the amendment that Senator SHAHEEN offered last week. That amendment would have provided $600 million in emergency supplemental ap-propriations to address the heroin and opioid abuse epidemic. These funds would have helped ramp up law en-forcement efforts, drug treatment and enforcement programs, and prevention programs through the Justice Depart-ment. They would have enhanced pre-scription drug monitoring programs. They would have improved access to medication assisted treatment services to high-risk areas as well as support school and community partnerships to create safe and drug-free environments and provide additional assistance to States to help pay for prevention and treatment care. Unfortunately, Senator S
HAHEEN ’s amendment was defeated when a ma-jority of Republicans decided to vote against it. If we fail to provide the needed resources to help communities and families in need, we may be back here a year from now saying we should have done more. Families in Illinois and across the country can’t wait that long. I support both the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act and the Shaheen amendment. But the bill should also address some of the many issues I have learned about at round-table discussions in Illinois while talk-ing to families, doctors, law enforce-ment, and those who have overcome substance abuse addiction. That is why I introduced several amendments that would have helped improve the underlying bill, from re-quiring greater consideration at FDA before new opioids can come onto the market, to creating incentives for States to improve their prescription drug monitoring programs, to remov-ing existing barriers to substance abuse treatment for lower-income pa-tients, to requiring greater trans-parency on how many opioids are being manufactured in the United States an-nually. I am disappointed that many of these amendments will not receive a vote this week, but I will continue working with my colleagues in the Senate to advance these important pro-posals. Let me say that one of the things that has helped is the fact that years ago here in the U.S. Senate, two of my colleagues who no longer serve really did something historic. One was Paul Wellstone of Minnesota, who passed away in an airplane crash, and the other, Pete Domenici, a retired Sen-ator from New Mexico. They required that every health insurance policy in America cover two things that weren’t covered by many: one, mental health counseling and the other, substance abuse treatment. We built that into ObamaCare, so when you buy a health insurance pol-icy in America today, it covers sub-stance abuse treatment as well as men-tal health counseling. Luckily for many families, when their kids end up being addicted, they can turn to their health insurance, and their health in-surance can help pay for substance abuse treatment. We need other sources, as well, when it comes to treatment for Medicaid, but for those who want to repeal ObamaCare and get rid of it, that is another provision to ask them about. Do they really want to get rid of a requirement that health in-surance policies cover mental health counseling and substance abuse treat-ment? I think it is important that we have it. I am not sure what we would do without it. The opioid abuse and heroin epidemic is a national public health emergency that requires a comprehensive response coupled with the necessary funding to actually make a difference. The amendments I have filed, as well as the Shaheen amendment, would make im-portant improvements and provide emergency funding to help families in Illinois and across the country. Our communities need us to come together as partners to help solve this problem. I hope we do not let them down. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. President, I see my colleague from Oklahoma is here. This is the last statement I want to make, and it re-lates to the Supreme Court vacancy. A group of historians and scholars sent a letter to President Obama about the Supreme Court vacancy occasioned by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. The signers of the letter include Robert Dallek, Doris Kearns Goodwin, David M. Kennedy, Thomas E. Mann, Norman Ornstein, Geoff Stone, and numerous others. The letter provides a helpful histor-ical perspective on the decision by the Senate Republican majority to refuse any nominee to fill this vacancy a hearing before the U.S. Senate—some-thing that has never happened in the history of the U.S. Senate. The Senate Republicans have said to keep that Scalia vacancy right where it is—a 4-to-4 Supreme Court for at least a year longer. We haven’t had a vacancy in the Supreme Court for over a year since the Civil War tore this Na-tion apart over 150 years ago. This letter that has been sent to the President will be shared here. It makes clear that the actions that are being called for by the Republican majority are unprecedented—unprecedented. They have never happened—the fact that they would refuse to have a hear-ing for a nominee to fill the Scalia va-cancy or a vote on that nominee. One only has to go back to 1988, not that long ago, when President Ronald Reagan, a Republican outgoing Presi-dent in the last year of his Presidency sent a name to the U.S. Senate, then in control by a Democratic majority, to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. Did the Democrats in the Senate in 1988 say to President Reagan: Oh, you are a lameduck. You are going to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.062 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1384 March 9, 2016 
gone in a year. We will wait until after the election. No. They said the Con-stitution requires President Reagan to send the Senate a name, and it requires the Senate to advise and consent, and they did. They had a hearing and they had a vote and Anthony Kennedy, a Ronald Reagan appointee to the Su-preme Court, was sent to the Supreme Court by President Ronald Reagan with the support of the Democratic Senate majority. That is consistent with the Constitution. I hope we can return to that, and I hope that future generations will judge that this Senate under the control of the Senate majority party is going to live by the words of our Constitution. As I mentioned, a number of promi-nent historians and scholars from across the political spectrum sent a letter to President Obama about the current vacancy on the Supreme Court. This letter provides a helpful histor-ical perspective on the decision by Sen-ate Republicans not to give any consid-eration to the forthcoming Supreme Court nominee. The letter begins by saying: 
We express our dismay at the unprece-dented breach of norms by the Senate major-ity in refusing to consider a nomination for the Supreme Court made by a president with 11 months to serve in the position. . . . It is standard practice when a vacancy oc-curs on the Supreme Court to have a presi-dent, whatever the stage in his term, nomi-nate a successor and have the Senate con-sider it. And standard practice (with limited exception) has been for the Senate, after hearings and deliberation, to confirm the president’s choice, regardless of party con-trol, when that choice is deemed acceptable to a Senate majority. 
The letter notes that history is, ‘‘re-plete with instances where a vacancy on the Supreme Court was filled during a presidential election year.’’ This includes 1988 under President Reagan; 1940 under President Roo-sevelt; 1932 under President Hoover; 1916 for two nominees named by Presi-dent Wilson; and 1912 under President Taft. The letter also discusses how Presi-dent Eisenhower used his recess ap-pointment power in the presidential election year of 1956 to appoint Justice William Brennan. Eisenhower, a Re-publican, made that recess appoint-ment on October 16 while the Senate was under Democratic control. The letter says, ‘‘there was no objec-tion to Eisenhower’s use of the recess appointment—there was instead a widespread recognition that it was bad to have a Supreme Court operate for months without its full complement of nine members.’’ The letter then shifts from the les-sons of history to the logical fallacies of the Republicans’ position that a nominee of a so-called lameduck Presi-dent should not be considered. Here’s what it says: 
If we accept the logic that decisions made by ‘‘lame duck’’ presidents are illegitimate or are to be disregarded until voters make their choice in the upcoming election, that begs both the questions of when lame duck status begins (after all, a president is tech-nically a ‘lame duck’ from the day of inau-guration), and why senators up for reelection at the same time should not recuse them-selves from decisions until the voters have decided whether to keep them or their par-tisans in office. The letter ultimately concludes that, ‘‘the refusal to hold hearings and delib-erate on a nominee at this level is truly unprecedented and, in our view, dangerous.’’ I hope my Republican colleagues heed the words of these preeminent his-torians. There will be real consequences if the Senate fails to do its job and leaves a Supreme Court vacancy open for an ex-tended time. As President Ronald Reagan said in 1987, quote, ‘‘Every day that passes with a Supreme Court below full strength impairs the people’s business in that crucially important body.’’ Major legal and constitutional ques-tions are constantly brought before the Supreme Court for national resolution. When a case ends up with a tie vote among the Justices, the Supreme Court’s ruling has no precedential im-pact and important questions go unre-solved. As Gregory Garre, former Solicitor General under President George W. Bush, recently said, ‘‘the prospect of numerous 4–4 ties or dismissals would be undesirable to the Court.’’ Millions of Americans are awaiting resolution of the questions that are be-fore the Court. It is not fair to leave them twisting in the wind. Consider the impact on the efforts of law enforcement to protect our com-munities. On February 23, four former United States Attorneys wrote an op-ed in the Cincinnati Enquirer. They said: 
For federal prosecutors, agents and crimi-nal investigations, a year is a lifetime. We have seen real threats, whether it is the her-oin epidemic or the threat of ISIS recruit-ment, facing the people in our communities each day. While law enforcement stands ready to protect the public from those threats, they need to know the rules of the road. 
The op-ed continues: 
The Supreme Court is the ultimate arbiter of the hardest and most important questions facing law enforcement and our nation. Even as we write today, unsettled legal questions regarding search and seizure, digital privacy and federal sentencing are either pending be-fore the Supreme Court or headed there. It is unfair and unsafe to expect good federal agents, police and prosecutors to spend more than a year guessing whether their actions will hold up in court. And it is just as unfair to expect citizens whose rights and liberties are at stake to wait for answers while their homes, emails, cell phones, records and ac-tivities are investigated. 
We expect our law enforcement agents and prosecutors to do their job every day, even in election years. We should expect Senators to do their jobs as well and fill this Supreme Court va-cancy. Earlier this week, 356 constitutional law scholars wrote a letter to the Sen-ate, explaining that ‘‘a long term va-cancy jeopardizes the Supreme Court’s ability to resolve disputed questions of federal law, causing uncertainty and hampering the administration of jus-tice across the country.’’ Justice Scalia, in a 2004 memo-randum discussing the Supreme Court’s recusal policy, noted the prob-lems the Court faces when only eight Justices hear a case. He said that when the Court proceeds to hear a case with eight Justices, it ‘‘rais[es] the possi-bility that, by reason of a tie vote, it will find itself unable to resolve the significant legal issue presented by the case.’’ He then went on to note that under the Supreme Court’s Statement of Recusal Policy, ‘‘even one unneces-sary recusal impairs the functioning of the Court.’’ Why would the Senate purposefully try to impair the functioning of the Supreme Court by leaving it with only eight Justices? The Senate should do its job and con-sider a Supreme Court nominee so the Court can function like it’s supposed to. I urge my Republican colleagues to do their job. Give the President’s nomi-nee a hearing and a vote. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORPHAN DRUGS Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, in light of recognition of Rare Disease Day, I wish to speak about orphan drug exclu-sivity and trade promotion authority. Congress enacted the bipartisan Or-phan Drug Act, ‘‘ODA’’, of 1983, Pub. L. 97–414, to address a longstanding unmet need to develop new treatments, diagnostics, and cures for rare diseases and disorders. I am proud to be one of the lead Senate sponsors of the ODA, which was passed with overwhelming bipartisan support. This act and the Rare Diseases Act of 2002—which I also championed—created financial incen-tives for the research and production of orphan drugs, including 7 years of mar-ket exclusivity, tax credits, and re-search grants, and also established the Orphan Products Board at FDA and the Office of Rare Diseases under the Na-tional Institutes of Health. The purpose of these acts was to en-courage the development of new ‘‘or-phan’’ treatments, diagnostics, and cures for the millions of Americans with rare disease who lacked access to effective medicines because the exist-ing incentives were insufficient to de-velop and market drugs for such small groups of patients. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.063 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1385 March 9, 2016 
The ODA has been enormously suc-cessful. Before Congress enacted the ODA in 1983, the Food and Drug Admin-istration, FDA, approved only 38 drugs in the United States specifically to treat orphan diseases. From the pas-sage of the ODA in 1983 until May 2010, the FDA approved 353 orphan drugs and granted orphan designations to 2,116 compounds. As of 2010, 200 of the rough-ly 7,000 officially designated orphan diseases have become treatable. Yet, despite the benefits of these policies, the incentives and access guarantees found in the ODA are not yet part of any free trade agreement negotiations. The Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, or TPA, contain a number of ne-gotiating objectives for the adminis-tration to follow. For example, the TPA law’s negotiating objectives re-quire that U.S. trade agreements pro-vide a standard of intellectual property rights protection that is similar to that found in the United States, which includes providing incentives for bio-pharmaceutical innovation that are similar to those in the United States. The language in the TPA law is nec-essarily broad, and although it does not explicitly reference critical incen-tives for orphan drug development, I want to make it clear that these incen-tives, including the 7-year market ex-clusivity at the heart of the ODA, are consistent with the TPA law’s require-ment that U.S. trade agreements pro-vide a standard of intellectual property protection that is similar to U.S. law. This is especially important because vital incentives for orphan drug devel-opment are lacking in many markets outside the United States, hindering the development of treatments, diagnostics, and cures for rare dis-eases—particularly diseases endemic to those markets. A lack of incentives for orphan drug development in any one country can have a very real impact on the likelihood of investment into a re-search or cure for a given disease. Par-ticularly in the case of ultra-rare dis-eases, those affecting fewer than 1 in 50,000 individuals, there may only be a handful of patients around the world who would benefit from a particular treatment or cure, and removing a number of them from the pool of poten-tial patients may render investments in these therapies untenable and could drive up costs for rare disease patients in the United States. Therefore, I want to make it clear that I believe it is appropriate for the administration to negotiate ODA in-centives and access guarantees, includ-ing the 7-year market exclusivity pe-riod, in future U.S. trade agreements and that the intent of Congress is that TPA’s negotiating objectives are con-sistent with that goal. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, Congress has 30 cal-endar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipulates that in the Senate the notification of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA, March 9, 2016. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 15–81, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to Indonesia for defense articles and services estimated to cost $95 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 15–81 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Indonesia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: 
Major Defense Equipment* .............................. $ 80 million. Other ................................................................ 15 million. 
Total ............................................................. 95 million. 
(iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services Under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Thirty-six (36) AIM–120C–7 Advanced Me-dium-Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAMs), One (1) Missile Guidance Section. Non-Major Defense Equipment (non-MDE): Control section support equipment, spare parts, services, integration activities, logis-tics, technical contractor engineering and technical support, loading adaptors, tech-nical publications, familiarization training, test equipment, and other related elements. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (X7–D- YAB). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: March 9, 2016 * as defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Indonesia-AIM–120C–7 Advanced Medium- Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAMs) The Government of Indonesia has re-quested a possible sale of thirty-six (36) AIM– 120C–7 AMRAAMs and one (1) Missile Guid-ance Section. Also included in this possible sale are; control section support equipment, spare parts, services, logistics, technical contractor engineering and technical sup-port, loading adaptors, technical publica-tions, familiarization training, test equip-ment, and other related elements. The total estimated value of MDE is $80 million. The overall total estimated value is $95 million. This proposed sale contributes to the for-eign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a key partner that has been, and continues to be, an important force for polit-ical stability and economic progress in the Asia-Pacific region. The proposed sale improves Indonesia’s ca-pability to deter regional threats and strengthen its homeland defense. Indonesia is able to absorb this additional equipment and support into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support does not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor will be determined by competition. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any U.S. Gov-ernment or contractor representatives to In-donesia. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 15–81 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology 1. AIM–120C–7 Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air (AMRAAM) is a radar-guided mis-sile featuring digital technology and micro- miniature solid-state electronics. AMRAAM capabilities include look-down/shoot-down, multiple launches against multiple targets, resistance to electronic countermeasures, and interception of high flying, low flying, and maneuvering targets. The AMRAAM All Up Round is classified CONFIDENTIAL. Major components and subsystems are clas-sified up to CONFIDENTIAL, and technology data and other documentation are classified up to SECRET. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures or equivalent systems that might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 3. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justifica-tion. Moreover, the benefits to be derived from this sale, as outlined in the Policy Jus-tification, outweigh the potential damage that could result if the sensitive technology were revealed to unauthorized persons. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to Indonesia. f 
REMEMBERING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to remember Justice Antonin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.037 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1386 March 9, 2016 
Scalia and thank him for his service to the Supreme Court and the country. Justice Scalia was a first-generation American, and his life was a testament to the American dream. A student of history and the law, Antonin Scalia had a commitment to public service that culminated in his appointment as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court by President Ronald Reagan in 1986. Justice Scalia served on the Court for almost 30 years and in that time made many important contributions to our legal system. While he had firm convictions, he also loved people and never let ideas get in the way of friend-ship, most notably with fellow Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Senator Margaret Chase Smith once said: ‘‘Public service must be more than doing a job efficiently and hon-estly. It must be a complete dedication to the people and to the nation.’’ Justice Scalia believed in that com-plete dedication. Our thoughts and prayers remain with his family at this time, and we thank him and them for his service. 
f 
REMEMBERING SHANE N. YATES Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life of Shane N. Yates. Shane was the executive direc-tor of the Ohio Society of Association Executives. Shane had a fierce commit-ment to his organization and his pro-fession. Shane had a relentless drive to serve all those he represented and lead all whom he worked with. Shane was a graduate of Ashland University and earned his certificate in nonprofit executive leadership from In-diana University. Shane was also a chapter adviser for his fraternity, Phi Kappa Psi; a past board member for Meeting Professionals International Ohio Chapter; and a volunteer for the United Way of Central Ohio. A passionate and high-energy execu-tive with more than 15 years of achievement in association leadership, Shane was named a 40 Under 40 honoree in 2014 by the Association Forum of Chicagoland and USAE. While serving as the director, Shane helped the Ohio Society of Association Executives achieve many milestones while never settling with the status quo. Shane N. Yates will forever leave a mark on the Ohio Society of Associa-tion Executives and all who knew him. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO GORDON STONER ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I rise today to recognize Gordon Stoner, a wheat grower from Outlook, MT, on his newly elected position serving as the president of the National Association of Wheat Growers, NAWG. Gordon comes from a long history of farming, managing his own fourth-gen-eration farm near Outlook. Stoner Farms practices no-till farming tech-niques and grows lentils, corn, oil seeds, flax, peas, and durum, a high- protein variety of hard wheat that is a rare crop raised in select parts of the world. Gordon has expressed enthusiasm about NAWG’s plan to partner with or-ganizations in an effort known as the National Wheat Action Plan to help come up with new strategies for bring-ing the wheat industry back to in-creased profitability. Gordon has also served in leadership roles with his church, Montana Grain Growers Association, served as chair-man of U.S. Wheat Associates Joint International Trade Policy Committee and as director and chairman of NAWG. Our great State depends on farmers, ranchers, and producers who contribute greatly to the flourishing of our rural communities. On behalf of Montana, I thank Gordon Stoner for his para-mount leadership and look forward to seeing the positive impact he continues to have on the wheat industry. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. MARK FOLEY ∑Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Dr. Mark Foley, who has served with great distinction and honor at the University of Mobile for more than 17 years. Dr. Foley has served as president of the University of Mobile since 1998 and is the third presi-dent of the university since its found-ing in 1961. He will be retiring from his post on July 31, 2016. Dr. Foley came to the University of Mobile during a critical transitional time and led the school through a pe-riod of significant growth. Under his guidance, the university has flourished. Facilities have been updated, the school is on more solid financial foot-ing, and programs and the stature of the university have improved. During his time at the University of Mobile, Dr. Foley led the university to invest $44.8 million in capital projects, including a recent $7 million campus enhancement program that thoroughly revitalized the campus. Under Dr. Fo-ley’s leadership, the university gained national recognition from U.S. News & World Report, America’s Best Chris-tian Colleges, America’s Best College Buys, and many more. Dr. Foley helped to integrate a Chris-tian worldview into all aspects of aca-demics, campus life, and university op-erations at this quality Baptist-affili-ated institution. The university now has more than 1,500 students enrolled in over 40 undergraduate and graduate programs. A former truckstop operator, Dr. Foley was ordained as a Baptist min-ister in 1990 after receiving his master of divinity degree from the New Orle-ans seminary. He received his doc-torate from that same institution in 1992 and completed postdoctoral stud-ies in education. Though the university was struggling with a variety of finan-cial problems when Dr. Foley took over in 1998, he turned the school around. The University of Mobile has continued to thrive under Dr. Foley’s tenure. As a native of Mobile, AL, it has been my honor to work with Dr. Foley and witness the great accomplishments he has achieved at the University of Mo-bile. His hard work and genuine pas-sion for higher education is apparent and the students of the University of Mobile will miss his leadership. I would like to take this opportunity to thank him for all he has done for the univer-sity, for Mobile, and for Alabama. I thank the Chair.∑ f 
REMEMBERING SHILOH FOREST SUNDSTROM ∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the contribution of a young Oregonian whose life was cut far too short, but whose impact will stay with my State forever. Shiloh Forest Sundstrom, a young leader in the field of conservation- based rural development, was trag-ically killed by a hit-and-run driver in November at age 34. Shiloh was a child of Oregon. He was born in the coastal mountains of west-ern Lane County and lived much of his life enjoying all that rural upbringing had to offer. He loved the horses and cows on his parents’ ranch and at-tended school in the small town of Mapleton. A gifted student, Shiloh was his high school class valedictorian in 2000 and was accepted to Brandeis University. As an undergraduate, he spent a semes-ter abroad at the School for Field Studies in Kenya, where he saw that the struggles of rural communities in Kenya paralleled the problems facing rural Oregon communities. Studying the ways in which the Maasai people of Kenya struggled to balance their efforts to maintain a tra-ditional resource-based economy while benefiting from wildlife conservation and tourism, Shiloh saw that the posi-tive lessons being learned there could be applied back home in Oregon. After graduating with honors from Brandeis, Shiloh came back to his be-loved Oregon for his master’s degree in forestry at Oregon State University. He then moved to the geography de-partment to work toward a doctorate and returned to Kenya several times to pursue his research. However, Shiloh was much more than a gifted student. He had the rare abil-ity to take his research out of the classroom and work to implement posi-tive change in the broader world. His work with the Siuslaw Institute, founded by his father John Sundstrom, and with the Siuslaw Watershed Coun-cil, injected a reasonable approach to often contentious natural resource issues, always with a focus on positive outcomes. Shiloh always strived for success through collaboration—what I like to call the Oregon way. He was involved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.035 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1387 March 9, 2016 
in the Rural Voices for Conservation Coalition, RVCC, a network that seeks common ground between diverse inter-ests on conservation-based challenges facing rural areas in the West. Shiloh’s deep ties to rural Oregon, his stellar scholarship, and his world-wide experience gave him a uniquely powerful voice in demonstrating that conservation and economic develop-ment can go hand in hand. The powerful outpouring of sadness at his death shows how deeply Shiloh impacted his community. The lessons that he taught and his leadership will not be forgotten. Shiloh’s thoughtful, collaborative approach, his love of the land, and his dreams of a better world will live on in everyone he touched in the short time we were blessed to know him.∑ 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4664. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fluopyram; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9943–21–OCSPP) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4665. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New Mexico; and Albuquerque/Bernalillo County; Revi-sions to Establish Small Business Stationary Source Technical and Environmental Com-pliance Assistance Programs’’ (FRL No. 9943– 43–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4666. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Base Year Emission Inventories for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9943–46–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 8, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4667. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife; Designation of Critical Habitat for Lower Columbia Coho Salmon and Puget Sound Steelhead; Final Rule’’ (RIN1018–BB28) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 2, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4668. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Third Report to Congress: Highlights of the Diesel Emissions Reduction Program’’; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4669. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the fiscal year 2015 report of the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices’ Federal Coordinated Health Care Office; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4670. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2016–0323); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4671. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2016–0324); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4672. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator, Bureau for Legislative and Public Affairs, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s response to the GAO report entitled ‘‘WATER AND SANITATION ASSISTANCE: USAID Has In-creased Strategic Focus but Should Improve Monitoring’’; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4673. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; HHS Notice of Benefit and Payment Pa-rameters for 2017’’ ((RIN0938–AS57) (CMS– 9937-F)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 7, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–133. A petition by a citizen from the State of Texas urging the United States Con-gress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would require that at least one of the two houses of Congress ap-prove, by majority vote of all members elect-ed and serving in that body, a reprieve or pardon granted by the President of the United States to a person earlier having been properly found guilty of committing an of-fense against the United States; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. POM–134. A petition by a citizen from the State of Texas urging the United States Con-gress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would authorize Con-gress, by a simple majority vote in both houses thereof, to nullify an Executive Order of the President; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, without amendment: S. 1443. A bill to amend the Indian Employ-ment, Training and Related Services Dem-onstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the abil-ity of Indian tribes to integrate the employ-ment, training, and related services from di-verse Federal sources, and for other purposes (Rept. No . 114–225). f EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER for the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. *John B. King, of New York, to be Sec-retary of Education. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 2655. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve the historic re-habilitation tax credit, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 2656. A bill to prohibit air carriers from imposing fees that are not reasonable and proportional to the costs incurred by the air carriers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. 2657. A bill to require consultations on reuniting Korean Americans with family members in North Korea; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, Ms. A YOTTE , and Ms. C ANTWELL ): S. 2658. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to authorize appropriations for the Federal Aviation Administration for fis-cal years 2016 through 2017, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. C
AP-
ITO, Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. H ELLER ): S. 2659. A bill to reaffirm that the Environ-mental Protection Agency cannot regulate vehicles used solely for competition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. B
OXER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. R EED, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. Res. 394. A resolution recognizing the 195th anniversary of the independence of Greece and celebrating democracy in Greece and the United States; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ, and Ms. A YOTTE ): S. Res. 395. A resolution supporting the designation of March 2016, as ‘‘National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.041 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1388 March 9, 2016 
Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month’’; con-sidered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 553, a bill to marshal resources to undertake a concerted, trans-formative effort that seeks to bring an end to modern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 591, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 911 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 911, a bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration to issue an order with respect to secondary cockpit barriers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1455 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1455, a bill to provide access to medication-assisted therapy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1597 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1597, a bill to enhance patient en-gagement in the medical product devel-opment process, and for other purposes. 
S. 1715 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1715, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in com-memoration of the 400th anniversary of the arrival of the Pilgrims. 
S. 1795 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1795, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax relief for major disasters declared in any of calendar years 2012 through 2015, to make certain tax relief provisions permanent, and for other purposes. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. NELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate discovery and development of disease-modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related demen-tia, to encourage efforts to enhance de-tection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the quality and effi-ciency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2147 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2147, a bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to participant votes on the suspension of benefits under multiemployer plans in critical and declining status. 
S. 2226 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2226, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to reauthorize the residential treatment programs for pregnant and postpartum women and to establish a pilot program to provide grants to State substance abuse agen-cies to promote innovative service de-livery models for such women. 
S. 2426 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2426, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Or-ganization, and for other purposes. 
S. 2441 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2441, a bill to provide that certain Cuban entrants are ineligible to re-ceive refugee assistance, and for other purposes. 
S. 2468 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2468, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Interior to carry out a 5- year demonstration program to provide grants to eligible Indian tribes for the construction of tribal schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 2473 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2473, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide veterans the option of using an alternative appeals process to more quickly determine claims for disability compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2487 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2487, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention pro-grams and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, and for other purposes. S. 2596 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2596, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit veterans who have a service-connected, permanent disability rated as total to travel on military aircraft in the same manner and to the same extent as retired mem-bers of the Armed Forces entitled to such travel. 
S. 2621 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2621, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to genetically engineered food transparency and uniformity. At the request of Mr. M
ERKLEY , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2621, supra. 
S. 2645 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2645, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to foreign per-sons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 349 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 349, a resolution congratulating the Farm Credit System on the celebration of its 100th anniversary. 
S. RES. 383 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 383, a resolution recognizing the importance of the United States-Israel economic relationship and encouraging new areas of cooperation. 
S. RES. 391 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 391, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate to oppose the transfer of foreign enemy combatants from the detention facilities at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States homeland. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3411 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MR6.009 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1389 March 9, 2016 
KING) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3411 intended to be pro-posed to S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3435 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3435 intended to be proposed to S. 524, a bill to author-ize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 394—RECOG-NIZING THE 195TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE INDEPENDENCE OF GREECE AND CELEBRATING DE-MOCRACY IN GREECE AND THE UNITED STATES Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. B
OXER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. R
EED, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 394 Whereas the people of ancient Greece de-veloped the concept of democracy, in which the supreme power to govern was vested in the people; Whereas the founding fathers of the United States, many of whom read Greek political philosophy in the original Greek language, drew heavily on the political experience and philosophy of ancient Greece in forming the representative democracy of the United States; Whereas Petros Mavromichalis, the former Commander in Chief of Greece and a founder of the modern Greek state, said to the citi-zens of the United States in 1821, ‘‘It is in your land that liberty has fixed her abode and . . . in imitating you, we shall imitate our ancestors and be thought worthy of them if we succeed in resembling you.’’; Whereas the Greek national anthem, the ‘‘Hymn to Liberty’’, includes the words, ‘‘most heartily was gladdened George Wash-ington’s brave land’’; Whereas the people of the United States generously offered humanitarian assistance to the people of Greece during their struggle for independence; Whereas Greece heroically resisted Axis forces at a crucial moment in World War II, forcing Adolf Hitler to change his timeline and delaying the attack on Russia; Whereas Winston Churchill said, ‘‘if there had not been the virtue and courage of the Greeks, we do not know which the outcome of World War II would have been’’ and ‘‘no longer will we say that Greeks fight like he-roes, but that heroes fight like Greeks’’; Whereas hundreds of thousands of the peo-ple of Greece were killed during World War II; Whereas Greece consistently allied with the United States in major international conflicts throughout the 20th century; Whereas Greece is a strategic partner and ally of the United States in bringing polit-ical stability and economic development to the volatile Balkan region, having invested billions of dollars in the countries of the re-gion and having contributed more than $750,000,000 in development aid for the region; Whereas the Government and people of Greece actively participate in peacekeeping and peace-building operations conducted by international organizations, including the United Nations, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the European Union, and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe; Whereas Greece received worldwide praise for its extraordinary handling during the 2004 Olympic Games of more than 14,000 ath-letes and more than 2,000,000 spectators and journalists, a feat the government and peo-ple of Greece handled efficiently, securely, and with hospitality; Whereas Greece, located in a region where Christianity meets Islam and Judaism, maintains excellent relations with Muslim countries and Israel; Whereas European Council President Don-ald Tusk stated during a press conference in Athens on February 16, 2016, ‘‘The migratory crisis we are currently witnessing is testing our Union to its limits. And Greece is among the most affected countries. It is no coinci-dence that the Greek citizens on the islands have been nominated to the Nobel Peace Prize for their generosity in helping people in need.’’; Whereas the Government of Greece has taken important steps in recent years to fur-ther cross-cultural understanding, rap-prochement, and cooperation in various fields with Turkey, and has also improved its relations with other countries in the region, including Israel, thus enhancing the sta-bility of the wider region; Whereas the governments and people of Greece and the United States are at the fore-front of efforts to advance freedom, democ-racy, peace, stability, and human rights; Whereas those efforts and similar ideals have forged a close bond between the people of Greece and the United States; and Whereas it is proper and desirable for the United States to celebrate March 25, 2016, Greek Independence Day, with the people of Greece and to reaffirm the democratic prin-ciples from which those two great countries were founded: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) extends warm congratulations and best wishes to the people of Greece as they cele-brate the 195th anniversary of the independ-ence of Greece; (2) expresses support for the principles of democratic governance to which the people of Greece are committed; and (3) notes the important role that Greece has played in the wider European region and in the community of nations since gaining its independence 195 years ago. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 395—SUP-PORTING THE DESIGNATION OF MARCH 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL COLORECTAL CANCER AWARE-NESS MONTH’’ Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ, and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 395 Whereas colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death among men and women combined in the United States; Whereas, in 2016, more than 134,000 individ-uals in the United States will be diagnosed with colorectal cancer and approximately 49,000 more will die from it; Whereas colorectal cancer is one of the most preventable forms of cancer because screening tests can find polyps that can be removed before becoming cancerous; Whereas screening tests can detect colorectal cancer early, which is when treat-ment works best; Whereas the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that if every indi-vidual aged 50 or older had regular screening tests, as many as 60 percent of deaths from colorectal cancer could be prevented; Whereas the 5-year survival rate for pa-tients with localized colorectal cancer is 90 percent, but only 39 percent of all diagnoses occur at that stage; Whereas colorectal cancer screenings can effectively reduce the incidence of colorectal cancer and mortality, but 1 in 3 adults be-tween the ages of 50 and 75 are not up to date with recommended colorectal cancer screen-ing; Whereas public awareness and education campaigns on colorectal cancer prevention, screening, and symptoms are held during the month of March each year; and Whereas educational efforts can help pro-vide to the public information on methods of prevention and screening, as well as symp-toms for early detection: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of March 2016, as ‘‘National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month’’ and the goals and ideals of that Month; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to observe National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month with appropriate aware-ness and educational activities. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3449. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3369 submitted by Mr. C
OR-
NYN(for himself and Mr. A LEXANDER ) and in- tended to be proposed to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3449. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3369 submitted by Mr. C
ORNYN (for himself and Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ) and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 524, to authorize the Attor-ney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE IX—COMPREHENSIVE JUSTICE AND MENTAL HEALTH ACT 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Comprehen-sive Justice and Mental Health Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 902. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) An estimated 2,000,000 individuals with serious mental illnesses are booked into jails each year, resulting in prevalence rates of serious mental illness in jails that are 3 to 6 times higher than in the general population. An even greater number of individuals who are detained in jails each year have mental health problems that do not rise to the level of a serious mental illness but may still re-quire a resource-intensive response. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MR6.011 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1390 March 9, 2016 
(2) Adults with mental illnesses cycle through jails more often than individuals without mental illnesses, and tend to stay longer (including before trial, during trial, and after sentencing). (3) According to estimates, almost 
3⁄4of jail detainees with serious mental illnesses have co-occurring substance use disorders, and in-dividuals with mental illnesses are also much more likely to have serious physical health needs. (4) Among individuals under probation su-pervision, individuals with mental disorders are nearly twice as likely as other individ-uals to have their community sentence re-voked, furthering their involvement in the criminal justice system. Reasons for revoca-tion may be directly or indirectly related to an individual’s mental disorder. 
SEC. 903. SEQUENTIAL INTERCEPT MODEL. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by redes-ignating subsection (i) as subsection (n). (b) S
EQUENTIAL INTERCEPT MODEL .—Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (h) the following: ‘‘(i) S
EQUENTIAL INTERCEPT GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means a State, unit of local government, Indian tribe, or tribal or-ganization. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Attorney Gen-eral may make grants under this subsection to an eligible entity for sequential intercept mapping and implementation in accordance with paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) S
EQUENTIAL INTERCEPT MAPPING ; IM-
PLEMENTATION .—An eligible entity that re-ceives a grant under this subsection may use funds for— ‘‘(A) sequential intercept mapping, which— ‘‘(i) shall consist of— ‘‘(I) convening mental health and criminal justice stakeholders to— ‘‘(aa) develop a shared understanding of the flow of justice-involved individuals with mental illnesses through the criminal justice system; and ‘‘(bb) identify opportunities for improved collaborative responses to the risks and needs of individuals described in item (aa); and ‘‘(II) developing strategies to address gaps in services and bring innovative and effec-tive programs to scale along multiple inter-cepts, including— ‘‘(aa) emergency and crisis services; ‘‘(bb) specialized police-based responses; ‘‘(cc) court hearings and disposition alter-natives; ‘‘(dd) reentry from jails and prisons; and ‘‘(ee) community supervision, treatment and support services; and ‘‘(ii) may serve as a starting point for the development of strategic plans to achieve positive public health and safety outcomes; and ‘‘(B) implementation, which shall— ‘‘(i) be derived from the strategic plans de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii); and ‘‘(ii) consist of— ‘‘(I) hiring and training personnel; ‘‘(II) identifying the eligible entity’s target population; ‘‘(III) providing services and supports to re-duce unnecessary penetration into the crimi-nal justice system; ‘‘(IV) reducing recidivism; ‘‘(V) evaluating the impact of the eligible entity’s approach; and ‘‘(VI) planning for the sustainability of ef-fective interventions.’’. 
SEC. 904. VETERANS TREATMENT COURTS. 
Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (i), as so added by section 903, the following: ‘‘(j) ASSISTING VETERANS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) P
EER TO PEER SERVICES OR PRO -
GRAMS .—The term ‘peer to peer services or programs’ means services or programs that connect qualified veterans with other vet-erans for the purpose of providing support and mentorship to assist qualified veterans in obtaining treatment, recovery, stabiliza-tion, or rehabilitation. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED VETERAN .—The term ‘quali-fied veteran’ means a preliminarily qualified offender who— ‘‘(i) served on active duty in any branch of the Armed Forces, including the National Guard or Reserves; and ‘‘(ii) was discharged or released from such service under conditions other than dishon-orable. ‘‘(C) V
ETERANS TREATMENT COURT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘veterans treatment court program’ means a court program involving collaboration among criminal justice, vet-erans, and mental health and substance abuse agencies that provides qualified vet-erans with— ‘‘(i) intensive judicial supervision and case management, which may include random and frequent drug testing where appropriate; ‘‘(ii) a full continuum of treatment serv-ices, including mental health services, sub-stance abuse services, medical services, and services to address trauma; ‘‘(iii) alternatives to incarceration; and ‘‘(iv) other appropriate services, including housing, transportation, mentoring, employ-ment, job training, education, and assistance in applying for and obtaining available bene-fits. ‘‘(2) V
ETERANS ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, may award grants under this subsection to applicants to establish or ex-pand— ‘‘(i) veterans treatment court programs; ‘‘(ii) peer to peer services or programs for qualified veterans; ‘‘(iii) practices that identify and provide treatment, rehabilitation, legal, transi-tional, and other appropriate services to qualified veterans who have been incarcer-ated; and ‘‘(iv) training programs to teach criminal justice, law enforcement, corrections, men-tal health, and substance abuse personnel how to identify and appropriately respond to incidents involving qualified veterans. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this subsection, the Attorney General shall give priority to applications that— ‘‘(i) demonstrate collaboration between and joint investments by criminal justice, mental health, substance abuse, and vet-erans service agencies; ‘‘(ii) promote effective strategies to iden-tify and reduce the risk of harm to qualified veterans and public safety; and ‘‘(iii) propose interventions with empirical support to improve outcomes for qualified veterans.’’. 
SEC. 905. PRISON AND JAILS. 
Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (j), as so added by section 904, the following: ‘‘(k) C
ORRECTIONAL FACILITIES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .— ‘‘(A) C
ORRECTIONAL FACILITY .—The term ‘correctional facility’ means a jail, prison, or other detention facility used to house people who have been arrested, detained, held, or convicted by a criminal justice agency or a court. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE INMATE .—The term ‘eligible inmate’ means an individual who— ‘‘(i) is being held, detained, or incarcerated in a correctional facility; and ‘‘(ii) manifests obvious signs of a mental illness or has been diagnosed by a qualified mental health professional as having a men-tal illness. ‘‘(2) CORRECTIONAL FACILITY GRANTS .—The Attorney General may award grants to appli-cants to enhance the capabilities of a correc-tional facility— ‘‘(A) to identify and screen for eligible in-mates; ‘‘(B) to plan and provide— ‘‘(i) initial and periodic assessments of the clinical, medical, and social needs of in-mates; and ‘‘(ii) appropriate treatment and services that address the mental health and sub-stance abuse needs of inmates; ‘‘(C) to develop, implement, and enhance— ‘‘(i) post-release transition plans for eligi-ble inmates that, in a comprehensive man-ner, coordinate health, housing, medical, employment, and other appropriate services and public benefits; ‘‘(ii) the availability of mental health care services and substance abuse treatment serv-ices; and ‘‘(iii) alternatives to solitary confinement and segregated housing and mental health screening and treatment for inmates placed in solitary confinement or segregated hous-ing; and ‘‘(D) to train each employee of the correc-tional facility to identify and appropriately respond to incidents involving inmates with mental health or co-occurring mental health and substance abuse disorders.’’. 
SEC. 906. ALLOWABLE USES. 
Section 2991(b)(5)(I) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(b)(5)(I)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) T
EAMS ADDRESSING FREQUENT USERS OF  
CRISIS SERVICES .—Multidisciplinary teams that— ‘‘(I) coordinate, implement, and administer community-based crisis responses and long- term plans for frequent users of crisis serv-ices; ‘‘(II) provide training on how to respond appropriately to the unique issues involving frequent users of crisis services for public service personnel, including criminal justice, mental health, substance abuse, emergency room, healthcare, law enforcement, correc-tions, and housing personnel; ‘‘(III) develop or support alternatives to hospital and jail admissions for frequent users of crisis services that provide treat-ment, stabilization, and other appropriate supports in the least restrictive, yet appro-priate, environment; and ‘‘(IV) develop protocols and systems among law enforcement, mental health, substance abuse, housing, corrections, and emergency medical service operations to provide coordi-nated assistance to frequent users of crisis services.’’. 
SEC. 907. LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING. 
Section 2991(h) of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(h)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) A
CADEMY TRAINING .—To provide sup-port for academy curricula, law enforcement officer orientation programs, continuing education training, and other programs that teach law enforcement personnel how to identify and respond to incidents involving persons with mental health disorders or co- occurring mental health and substance abuse disorders.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
RIORITY CONSIDERATION .—The Attor-ney General, in awarding grants under this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MR6.015 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1391 March 9, 2016 
subsection, shall give priority to programs that law enforcement personnel and mem-bers of the mental health and substance abuse professions develop and administer co-operatively.’’. 
SEC. 908. FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAIN-ING. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Attorney General shall provide direction and guidance for the following: (1) T
RAINING PROGRAMS .—Programs that offer specialized and comprehensive training, in procedures to identify and appropriately respond to incidents in which the unique needs of individuals who have a mental ill-ness are involved, to first responders and tactical units of— (A) Federal law enforcement agencies; and (B) other Federal criminal justice agencies such as the Bureau of Prisons, the Adminis-trative Office of the United States Courts, and other agencies that the Attorney Gen-eral determines appropriate. (2) I
MPROVED TECHNOLOGY .—The establish-ment of, or improvement of existing, com-puterized information systems to provide timely information to employees of Federal law enforcement agencies, and Federal criminal justice agencies to improve the re-sponse of such employees to situations in-volving individuals who have a mental ill-ness. 
SEC. 909. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States, in coordination with the Attorney General, shall submit to Con-gress a report on— (1) the practices that Federal first respond-ers, tactical units, and corrections officers are trained to use in responding to individ-uals with mental illness; (2) procedures to identify and appro-priately respond to incidents in which the unique needs of individuals who have a men-tal illness are involved, to Federal first re-sponders and tactical units; (3) the application of evidence-based prac-tices in criminal justice settings to better address individuals with mental illnesses; and (4) recommendations on how the Depart-ment of Justice can expand and improve in-formation sharing and dissemination of best practices. 
SEC. 910. EVIDENCE BASED PRACTICES. 
Section 2991(c) of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (6); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) propose interventions that have been shown by empirical evidence to reduce re-cidivism; ‘‘(5) when appropriate, use validated as-sessment tools to target preliminarily quali-fied offenders with a moderate or high risk of recidivism and a need for treatment and services; or’’. 
SEC. 911. TRANSPARENCY, PROGRAM ACCOUNT-ABILITY, AND ENHANCEMENT OF LOCAL AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2991(a) of the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (7)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘M
ENTAL  
ILLNESS ’’ and inserting ‘‘M ENTAL ILLNESS ; 
MENTAL HEALTH DISORDER ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘term ‘mental illness’ means’’ and inserting ‘‘terms ‘mental illness’ and ‘mental health disorder’ mean’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (9) and inserting the following: ‘‘(9) PRELIMINARILY QUALIFIED OFFENDER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘preliminarily qualified offender’ means an adult or juve-nile accused of an offense who— ‘‘(i)(I) previously or currently has been di-agnosed by a qualified mental health profes-sional as having a mental illness or co-occur-ring mental illness and substance abuse dis-orders; ‘‘(II) manifests obvious signs of mental ill-ness or co-occurring mental illness and sub-stance abuse disorders during arrest or con-finement or before any court; or ‘‘(III) in the case of a veterans treatment court provided under subsection (i), has been diagnosed with, or manifests obvious signs of, mental illness or a substance abuse dis-order or co-occurring mental illness and sub-stance abuse disorder; ‘‘(ii) has been unanimously approved for participation in a program funded under this section by, when appropriate— ‘‘(I) the relevant— ‘‘(aa) prosecuting attorney; ‘‘(bb) defense attorney; ‘‘(cc) probation or corrections official; and ‘‘(dd) judge; and ‘‘(II) a representative from the relevant mental health agency described in sub-section (b)(5)(B)(i); ‘‘(iii) has been determined, by each person described in clause (ii) who is involved in ap-proving the adult or juvenile for participa-tion in a program funded under this section, to not pose a risk of violence to any person in the program, or the public, if selected to participate in the program; and ‘‘(iv) has not been charged with or con-victed of— ‘‘(I) any sex offense (as defined in section 111 of the Sex Offender Registration and No-tification Act (42 U.S.C. 16911)) or any offense relating to the sexual exploitation of chil-dren; or ‘‘(II) murder or assault with intent to com-mit murder. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—In determining whether to designate a defendant as a pre-liminarily qualified offender, the relevant prosecuting attorney, defense attorney, pro-bation or corrections official, judge, and mental health or substance abuse agency representative shall take into account— ‘‘(i) whether the participation of the de-fendant in the program would pose a sub-stantial risk of violence to the community; ‘‘(ii) the criminal history of the defendant and the nature and severity of the offense for which the defendant is charged; ‘‘(iii) the views of any relevant victims to the offense; ‘‘(iv) the extent to which the defendant would benefit from participation in the pro-gram; ‘‘(v) the extent to which the community would realize cost savings because of the de-fendant’s participation in the program; and ‘‘(vi) whether the defendant satisfies the eligibility criteria for program participation unanimously established by the relevant prosecuting attorney, defense attorney, pro-bation or corrections official, judge and men-tal health or substance abuse agency rep-resentative.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 2927(2) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797s–6(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘has the meaning given that term in section 2991(a).’’ and inserting ‘‘means an offense that— ‘‘(A) does not have as an element the use, attempted use, or threatened use of physical force against the person or property of an-other; or ‘‘(B) is not a felony that by its nature in-volves a substantial risk that physical force against the person or property of another may be used in the course of committing the offense.’’. SEC. 912. GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (k), as so added by section 905, the following: ‘‘(l) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded by the Attorney General under this section shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: ‘‘(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. ‘‘(B) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall deter-mine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. ‘‘(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this section that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this section during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 12- month period described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an applica-tion for a grant under this section. ‘‘(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is awarded grant funds under this section dur-ing the 2-fiscal-year period during which the entity is barred from receiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improp-erly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and ‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. ‘‘(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this paragraph and the grant programs under this part, the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General may not award a grant under this part to a nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organi-zation that is awarded a grant under this section and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presump-tion of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such compensation, including the independent persons involved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MR6.015 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1392 March 9, 2016 
in reviewing and approving such compensa-tion, the comparability data used, and con-temporaneous substantiation of the delibera-tion and decision. Upon request, the Attor-ney General shall make the information dis-closed under this subparagraph available for public inspection. ‘‘(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION .—No amounts made avail-able to the Department of Justice under this section may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral, or by any individual or entity awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this section, to host or sup-port any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made avail-able by the Department of Justice, unless the head of the relevant agency or depart-ment, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host the conference. ‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attor-ney General shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives, an annual certification— ‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all audits issued by the Office of the Inspector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; ‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and ‘‘(iii) all reimbursements required under paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and ‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grant re-cipients excluded under paragraph (1) from the previous year. ‘‘(m) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney General awards a grant to an applicant under this section, the Attorney General shall compare potential grant awards with other grants awarded under this Act to de-termine if duplicate grant awards are award-ed for the same purpose. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General awards duplicate grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— ‘‘(A) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and ‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General awarded the duplicate grants.’’. 
SEC. 913. REAUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-TIONS. 
Subsection (n) of section 2991 of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa), as redesignated by section 903(a), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) $18,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) LIMITATION .—Not more than 28 percent of the funds authorized to be appropriated under this section may be used for purposes described in subsection (j) (relating to vet-erans).’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 9, 2016, at 10 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 9, 2016, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Cooperative Federalism: State Perspectives on EPA Regulatory Actions and the Role of States as Co-Regulators.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 9, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 106 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on March 9, 2016, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s FY2017 Indian Coun-try Budget.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on March 9, 2016, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of the U.S. Depart-ment of Justice.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON ANTITRUST , COMPETITION  
POLICY AND CONSUMER RIGHTS  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 9, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SD– 226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Enforcement of the Antitrust Laws.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. SUBCOMMITTEE ON EMERGING THREATS AND  
CAPABILITIES  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 9, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 9, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask that my intern, Anastasiya Parvankin, be conveyed the privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL ASBESTOS AWARENESS WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged and the Senate proceed to the immediate con-sideration of S. Res. 376. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 376) designating the first week of April 2016 as ‘‘National Asbes-tos Awareness Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 376) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of February 25, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09MR6.015 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1393 March 9, 2016 
SUPPORTING THE DESIGNATION OF MARCH 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL COLORECTAL CANCER AWARE-NESS MONTH’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 395, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 395) supporting the designation of March 2016, as ‘‘National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 395) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, March 10; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business until 11:15 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; fur-ther, that following morning business, the Senate resume consideration of S. 524; further, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, all postcloture time on S. 524 expire at 11:30 a.m.; fi-nally, that the time following morning business until 11:30 a.m. be equally di-vided between the two managers or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators I
NHOFE and S ULLIVAN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be recog-nized for up to 15 minutes as in morn-ing business. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. PERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I am ris-ing now to respond to a statement that was made by our good friend from Illi-nois a few minutes ago, to clarify. It is kind of interesting that we look back and we find that when the Republicans had someone in the White House and the Democrats were trying to block a nomination, it was just the opposite as it is today. In fact, at that time, the Senators in the leadership of the Democrats—Obama, Biden, Clinton, Schumer, and Reid—all made the state-ment, a joint statement that the Sen-ate does not have to confirm Presi-dential nominations and urged that the Senate refuse to do so, especially in an election year. Now, it is just the opposite of what the Senator said, but I don’t blame them. I don’t blame any Democrat for trying their best to get a nominee from this President because, as a Democrat, they are more liberal than Republicans are, and they would like very much to have a chance to change the balance of the U.S. Supreme Court, which has been consistent in recent years in ob-jecting to some of the extremist left programs. So I can’t blame them for trying, but nonetheless that is not going to work. I applaud the leader. At the time the death—the sad death—of Scalia took place, he was in a position where we were in recess and so he had to make a decision and the decision was the right decision. Anyway, I wish to share a couple of letters with you that came from my State of Oklahoma. I will give the names and addresses, if anyone wants to check. This is what real people—you get outside the belt-way, get out of Washington, DC, and get back to States such as Oklahoma, these are the concerns they have. I want to read the first one. This is from a guy named Robert from Tulsa, OK. It came right after the sad death of Justice Scalia. He said: 
Dear Senator Inhofe, I have just learned of the death of Justice Scalia. I should only be feeling sadness at the death of this great patriot and man of the law. I am terrified of what I am sure is now already in the works, his replacement by President Barack Obama. The person who replaces Justice Scalia will have the potential to change the balance of power on the bench for decades and may have the possibility to reshape the political landscape immediately and unalterably. I, therefore, beg you and all of your fellow Senators to not vote to affirm any candidate put forward by President Obama. This is an election year and the people should be given a chance to choose which direction this country will go and not have it decided by President Obama as he leaves the White House. Please, do not vote for any candidate of-fered by this administration. Another letter just came from Chickasha, OK, from Donald. He says: 
Dear Senator Inhofe, I have just received word of the death of Supreme Court Justice Scalia. His death is a loss for the conservative movement, but I fear it also puts our country in peril. With Scalia gone, President Obama will certainly present a nominee for his seat. If it is a justice that holds to Obama’s progres-sive ideals and agenda, it could mean grave danger for our Constitution. I urge you to hold fast and refuse to con-firm ANY Obama appointee to the Court. Hold out until he is out of office. I feel the future of our nation depends on it. 
That is from Donald of Chickasha, OK. Next is a letter from Matthew of Claremore, OK. Claremore is one of the towns where our famous Will Rogers spent his childhood. Everyone has heard of Will Rogers—a great guy. Mat-thew said: 
Senator Inhofe, I am contacting you in regards to the loss of Justice Scalia and his replacement. Jus-tice Scalia was a brilliant man and a true pa-triot. Unfortunately, I do not feel any ap-pointee by the President would follow the Constitution and serve with the same virtue as Justice Scalia. I am asking that you and the other members of the Senate do not con-firm a new Justice until after the election, when the newly elected President can make the appointment. We have sent you to Wash-ington to stop the agenda of the President that runs contrary to the wishes of the coun-try. Please stand on your principles and do not allow the President to appoint another Justice that may be detrimental to our free-doms for decades to come. Thank you. 
That is Matthew from Claremore, OK. Let me assure you, of the hundreds of letters we have received, I have read them. I have no intention of changing the pattern that has been in existence since 1888 and allow a President, during an election year, to make such a nomi-nation. So I think we did the right thing. I think it would have been inappropriate to say we are going to have hearings, knowing that we were not going to confirm a nominee. I don’t think that would be fair to the nominee. So these are just a few examples of the hundreds of letters and calls from constituents that I have received, ask-ing that the Senate wait to confirm the next Supreme Court nominee until we have a new President. We have heard from our colleagues and pundits on the other side—the Democrats, the other side of the aisle— that it is our constitutional duty to confirm President Obama’s nomina-tions. The Constitution says, and it says very clearly, that the President ‘‘. . . shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint . . . Judges of the supreme Court.’’ The Senate clearly has a role in this process, and the Senate can either give its consent or it can withhold its con-sent and completely fulfill its constitu-tional duties. So it doesn’t make any difference. We have the latitude of making a determination, and we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.066 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1394 March 9, 2016 
going to do it. It wasn’t long ago when the Democrats were singing a different tune when the Republican was in the White House, and that would have been President Bush at that time. Some of the Democrats on the floor said that the Senate does not have to confirm Presidential nominations and urged that the Senate refuse to do so, espe-cially in an election year. The Democrats were saying that, so it is just the opposite of what they are saying today. In fact, the leadership who was saying that at the time was none other than Senators Obama, he was a Senator at that time; B
IDEN, he was a Senator at that time; Clinton, she was a Senator at that time; and Senators S
CHUMER and R EID. They all made the same statement. They said the Senate does not have to confirm Presidential nominations and urged that the Senate refuse to do so, espe-cially in an election year. Now, that is where there is a dif-ference of opinion because actually the last time it was done in an election year was 1888. You have to go all the way back to 1888—128 years before you find a similar situation to the one we are in today. That is the last time a va-cancy arose during an election year and was filled by the Senate from a party on the opposite side of the Presi-dent. That is the last time that hap-pened, 1888, and we are not about to change that now. Furthermore, even if this were not true, this President hasn’t worked with Congress on much of anything. So why should we work with him on this? That is not the point. The point is, we don’t have to do that, and when the Democrats were in control of the Sen-ate and the Republicans had the White House, they made it very clear the leadership said the Senate does not have to confirm a Presidential nomina-tion, and they urged us not to do it. And so the tables are turned now. Now why is this important? We have seen time and again when President Obama is not able to get his liberal agenda through Congress, he has turned to Executive action and to agency rulemaking to implement pri-orities. These regulations are actually making their way through our courts and are either going to be heard by the Supreme Court or have already been heard by the Supreme Court. President Obama’s Executive am-nesty was stayed by the lower courts, and the Supreme Court will decide this term if that injunction will stand or not. What we are saying is this: The President has a very liberal agenda on almost every social issue, every fiscal issue, every military issue. It is a very liberal agenda. So when the President can’t get things done through legisla-tion, he then turns around and tries to do it through regulation. I will give an example. If you talk to the American Farm Bureau right now, they will tell you the greatest problem farmers and ranchers have—I know this because I am from the farm State of Oklahoma—is not anything in the Agriculture bill. It is the overregula-tion of the EPA. Of all the regulations that are damaging to farmers and ranchers in America, the one they sin-gle out as being the worst is the WOTUS rule; that is, the waters of the United States. Historically, it has always been in the jurisdiction of the States as to how to control and manage the waters of the United States, except in cases where it is navigable waters. Well, we understand that. We understand that is where the Federal Government should be involved. But 6 years ago there was a lot of legislation and one bill in par-ticular that was offered in the House and the Senate that would take the word ‘‘navigable’’ out. That being the case, that would mean all the waters in a jurisdiction would go from the States to the Federal Government, and we weren’t going to let that happen. But this is what is going on right now. Things they have tried to get passed through legislation and haven’t been able to do, they are trying to do through regulation. If the Supreme Court is split 4 to 4 in these two cases I just mentioned, the injunctions of the lower courts will stand until the underlying issues are fully litigated. That is what they are waiting for right now. The Court has said that until the litigation is cleared up, we are not going to act on this rule. Well, as you know, that is going to take a long time for that to happen. The Clean Power Plan is the other one. You might remember—to give a little background—that going back to the year 2000, which is when all this global warming started and the end of the world was coming, they were intro-ducing legislation at that time to have cap and trade and regulate the emis-sions of CO
2throughout America. When people realized how much that would cost and the fact that the science was not yet settled, it was de-feated. Every time they brought it to the Senate, it was defeated. I am talk-ing about through legislation trying to do a cap and trade in America. One of the interesting things was that the first Director of the EPA that was appointed by this President was Lisa Jackson. I asked her a question in a hearing that was on the record and live on TV. I said: If we were to pass ei-ther this legislation or cap and trade or do it by regulation in the United States, would that have the effect of lowering the emissions of CO
2world-wide? She said: No, because this isn’t where the problem is. The problem is in China. The problem is in India. The problem is in Mexico. So we went through that whole thing, and the President, when he came into office, decided: Well, they are never going to pass this by the elected representatives of the people, so we will do it by regulation. So he came out with the Clean Power Plan. The Clean Power Plan is what Presi-dent Obama came up with, and it es-sentially does the same thing as legis-lation would do when it would perform cap and trade for the States. We re-member the trip to Paris. When he got to Paris, he was unable to get anyone to do anything. The deal they came up with was kind of humorous because China said: No, we are going to continue our emissions until 2025; at that time, we will start lowering our emissions. They were not going to do it, and they are not going to do it. But nonetheless, that was the Clean Power Plan that came up, and it was essentially the same thing that was killed by legislation. The Clean Power Plan would cost about $292 billion, and it mandates car-bon dioxide cuts from the power sector to meet the President’s standards. President Obama said in Paris that we are going to lower our CO2emissions between 26 and 28 percent by 2025. Now, he never said how we would do that— never. He never did say how we were going to comply with that. But none-theless, he was going to try to do that and, obviously, that was something that would not have worked. These and other Executive actions and regulations will have a big impact on our people and our economy and will all likely be decided by the Su-preme Court. That is where I get back to the Supreme Court. The Clean Power Plan would then be decided. Right now on the Clean Power Plan there is a stay in the U.S. Supreme Court on the Clean Power Plan until all of the litigation that is pending right now can be settled. That could be a long time—certainly way past this particular Presidency. It is not just the Executive actions he has taken but the moral direction of our country too. Just last week, the Supreme Court heard a case chal-lenging the State of Texas on its new abortion regulations that require that clinics meet the standard of other out-patient surgical clinics and mandate that abortion doctors have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals. That is the Supreme Court. That is the type of thing you would see if the liberals would have their way and if the Su-preme Court would change its direc-tion. Many of these decisions are 5-to-4 de-cisions, and that is why I say this is an important decision. It is the American people who will bear the burden of these decisions and, therefore, they should have a say in who would fill Justice Scalia’s vacancy. So this deci-sion should be made by the next Presi-dent. Let a new President decide who should replace Justice Scalia. That is exactly what is going to happen. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.067 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1395 March 9, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AMERICAN LEADERSHIP Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I know today we have been focusing on a really important bill, the CARA bill, which has been led by Senator P
ORTMAN , Senator A YOTTE , and many others. It is a very important bill for our country, for States like Alaska that are seeing this explosion of opioid use, heroin use, and drug addiction that is impacting so many families. I had the opportunity to talk about this, when I was home in Alaska last week down in Juneau, in front of our State legislature. This legislation is showing bipartisan work, which is very important to the country and very important to States like Alaska. I am certainly proud to be a cosponsor of that bill. We are going to continue to try to get that over the goal line. I think it is important to focus on issues not only domestically, of course, but issues beyond our borders as well. What I want to talk about in terms of these kinds of issues this afternoon is the issue of American leadership in the world today. A lot of us in the Senate have experi-ence in foreign policy and national se-curity issues. There have been Mem-bers who have served in the State De-partment, decades in the military—the Presiding Officer has a lot of experi-ence in international business—and so we have a fair amount of experience here. Certainly, it is part of our respon-sibilities under the Constitution, as Senators, to be very focused on these issues—these important issues of na-tional security, of foreign policy. At-tending hearings, codels, and meetings with foreign leaders are all part of our responsibilities. One thing is very clear. Foreign pol-icy and national security issues are al-most always messy, complicated, never really have easy solutions, and are often very opaque in terms of what is happening in the world and how it im-pacts the United States. We recognize that. That is usually the case. But sometimes in the world of foreign pol-icy, sometimes in the world of national security, there are moments of clarity when big issues come into focus. It doesn’t happen often. It is rare. But when it happens, you know it. When it happens, you sense it. I was recently part of a bipartisan congressional delegation led by one of the foremost experts on foreign policy and national security in the Senate, Senator J
OHNMCCAIN. We all went to the Munich Security Conference in Mu-nich, Germany. For over 50 years, this has been where leaders have come to-gether—Americans, certainly, Prime Ministers, Foreign Ministers, Defense Ministers, international affairs ex-perts—to discuss national security and foreign policy issues, usually as it re-lates to the Atlantic partnership— NATO, the EU. My experience there led to one of these clarifying moments, and I think I am speaking for many of the people who were at Munich about 3 weeks ago. Here is the clarifying moment: The United States is withdrawing from its traditional leadership role in the world. Our allies know it, they feel it, and they are desperately worried about it. In meeting after meeting, in speech after speech, if you were in Munich a month ago, listening, paying attention, discussing the state of the world’s se-curity with our allies, you heard it. You heard it. Sometimes it was subtle, sometimes it was direct, and, occasion-ally, it was even pleading—pleading from our allies, pleading for American leadership in the world again. We saw that. One of the meetings we had was with an important leader of an important country in Europe. The Presiding Offi-cer and I were there. At the end of the meeting, this leader was asked: What can the United States do to help your country in terms of security—aid, mili-tary cooperation? What can we do? This leader looked at a group of several Senators, bipartisan, and said: The United States has to lead in the world again. You are not leading, and the world is becoming a much more dan-gerous place because of the lack of American leadership. Whoever the next leader of your great country is, please tell that person that the United States has to lead again. Think about that. That was the mes-sage. That was the message from Mu-nich. Our friends are worried. They have certainly lost confidence in us, and our adversaries are taking advan-tage of the vacuum that we have left all around the world. That was the message of Munich, and anyone who went there heard it. Now, I know some of my colleagues might be thinking: Well, this is a Re-publican Senator on the floor of the Senate, criticizing the Obama adminis-tration. That is probably a partisan criticism. But there were many people at Munich. There were Republicans and Democrats at Munich. Just a perusal of newspaper articles from those who went—and some who weren’t there— shows that all are writing about the same issue—that one of the principal foreign policy issues facing the world, facing the United States right now, is what the lack of U.S. leadership glob-ally is doing to the national security of our country and to that of our allies. Let me just provide a few examples. Senator Joe Lieberman, who graced this body with his knowledge and ex-pertise and wisdom for many, many years—a Democrat—was in Munich. Not too long after coming back, he wrote in the Washington Post: 
The world has never seemed as dangerous and leaderless as it does now. Only the ex-tremists and bullies act badly, and therefore have seized the initiative. It’s a moment in history that invokes the haunting words of W.B. Yeats: ‘‘The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate intensity.’’ That was Senator Lieberman, who was with us in Munich just a couple of weeks ago. Former Under Secretary of State Nicholas Burns, who has worked for Democrats and Republicans, was also there. I served under Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice with Under Secretary Burns—a great career for-eign service officer. He also stated: ‘‘We are being humiliated. We’ve lost our strategic foothold’’—he is talking about the Middle East—‘‘and we’ve ab-dicated our leadership.’’ That is not a Republican partisan saying that. GEN John Abizaid—in my view one of the premier military leaders our country has seen in a generation, whom I had the honor of serving with as a marine major—recently stated: ‘‘Without American leadership, we’re not going to move in a direction that’s going to produce effective results.’’ There was another recent article in the Washington Post by another ob-server, an expert on foreign policy issues, Fred Hiatt, who wrote about what he saw at Munich. What he stated was that the endless negotiation by our Secretary of State ‘‘that perpetually, and falsely, holds out the prospect of imminent progress’’ on so many dif-ferent issues ends up ‘‘providing cover’’ and ‘‘is an excuse for inaction,’’ an ‘‘anesthetic,’’ he said, where the Con-gress and the American people don’t even have to feel about focusing on these issues, what is going on in the Middle East or the South China Sea or North Korea or the Korean Peninsula because we have endless diplomacy that covers it. Finally, another participant in Mu-nich, former Senator Bill Cohen, who worked as the Secretary of Defense for President Clinton, stated: ‘‘We no longer seem to know what our role should be in the new century.’’ He was interviewed on the radio a couple of weeks ago right after Munich: 
Are we going to lead from behind? The truth is that President Putin has been bomb-ing and the United States has been dithering. 
That is former Secretary of Defense Bill Cohen, former U.S. Senator Bill Cohen. It is very clear, whether you are Democratic or Republican, that anyone who spent time at the Munich security conference a few weeks ago came away with a similar conclusion: Our allies are extremely worried about what is clearly happening—the withdrawal of U.S. leadership from the world. They are seeing it, and we are seeing it in al-most every region of the world. It is leaving a vacuum. Other countries that don’t share our interests and don’t share our values are filling that vacu-um. We know the list. We have been de-bating it on this floor. Russia, cer-tainly. Whether it is in the Middle East, Syria, Ukraine, the Arctic, Iran, the world’s largest state sponsor of ter-rorism—our diplomats and Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.069 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1396 March 9, 2016 
State seem to spend more time with their diplomats and their Foreign Min-ister than almost any other country in the world—China and the South China Sea. In the face of these challenges, we are also starting to see something that is truly alarming. The postwar struc-ture, the national security structure of the world that the United States was instrumental in building, is beginning to crumble in different parts of the world. So what should we do? What can we do? I think there is a lot we can do. We can certainly bolster the American-led order that was established after World War II. It certainly does not have to crumble. This is what our colleague Senator M
CCAINlaid out in his out-standing speech in Munich. He talked about how this is one of our most im-portant inheritances, this world order, this American-led order, and how we need to focus on it—not with speeches but with action. What else can we do? We can look at the changing landscape of the world and see if we need to devise new polit-ical structures that address new chal-lenges in places such as the Middle East, where borders seem to be being erased on a daily basis by terrorist groups like ISIS. This is something General Abizaid has written about re-cently. Both of these alternatives require American leadership. They are not going to happen without the United States in the lead. If you went to Mu-nich, you realize their allies want us to lead. What can we do in the Senate? Well, we can certainly press for a more asser-tive and leading role for the United States of America from this body. The Constitution gives the U.S. Senate sig-nificant power in national security matters and foreign affairs, and we should be using that. We are using that. Under the new leadership of the Sen-ate, we have been moving forward in many areas of foreign policy and na-tional security. There are the North Korea sanctions that were passed by this body 2 weeks ago, and now the world is following our lead on that. Senators G
ARDNER and C ORKER did an outstanding job in that regard. There is the bipartisan approach to Ukraine that we see on the Armed Services Committee. Every Member of that body, Democratic and Republican, thinks we should be doing more to help the Ukrainians defend themselves against Russian aggression. Afghani-stan, the same thing—bolstering the need for troops there to guard Amer-ica’s security. The President has seem-ingly wanted to take all our troops out of there, as he wanted to do in Iraq, but again a bipartisan group of Senators have been questioning that strategy on a daily basis. In the South China Sea, we have been encouraging the adminis-tration to do what we have been doing for 70 years—conducting freedom of navigation operations to keep the sea- lanes of the world open. These are all things the Senate has been doing—in essence, trying to give this administra-tion backbone, to assert the leadership we know is so important to our secu-rity and the security of the world. But there is another thing, another option that might be out there. We can ignore the problem of what is hap-pening in the world. I hate to say this, but if you saw Sec-retary of State Kerry’s speech in Mu-nich, certainly compared to Senator MCCAIN’s keynote address, what the Secretary of State seemed to be doing was that fourth option. He seemed to be saying: Hey, things aren’t going that badly. Things in Syria aren’t that bad. He cautioned against pessimism and said that we have good reasons to be optimistic about what is happening. He talked about how fewer people are dying in conflict today than ever be-fore. You literally heard a gasp in the audience in Munich when that was stated. That is not true. What this does when you have the Secretary of State making these kinds of statements at important security conferences with all our allies, it fur-ther undermines the credibility of the United States in terms of foreign pol-icy and national security. We need to lead again. Our allies want us to. Most importantly, I believe the American people want us to. Why? Why shouldn’t we just with-draw from the world and let everything catch on fire? Bring the troops home and have the two oceans protect us— the Atlantic and Pacific. We need to lead, and I believe the American people want the United States to lead because they know that when the United States leads in the world, it is a safer place abroad and it is a safer place at home. They know what Senator Lieberman said recently in his op-ed after Munich: ‘‘The ab-sence of American leadership has cer-tainly not caused all the instability, but it has encouraged and exacerbated it.’’ The American people also know that when there is a lack of U.S. lead-ership in the world, it not only turns to undermining our national security in-terests, but it turns to humiliation for our own citizens. Just think of the photos that we saw recently of U.S. sailors on their knees at Iranian gun-point with their hands raised in sur-render and what that does in terms of how Americans are thinking about our role in the world, the security of the world, and what is happening with re-gard to U.S. leadership. We have to change these policies of leading from behind. I will conclude by mentioning in terms of this lack of U.S. leadership what I fear the most. I started by say-ing that we were at a conference where our allies directly, indirectly were ask-ing for American leadership once again. But what I fear the most is the day that a group of bipartisan Senators goes to another conference like Munich or the Shangri-la Dialogue and we don’t hear from our allies, we don’t hear them asking for us to lead once again, because such silence will truly be dangerous indeed because that is when we will know that our traditional allies have given up on the United States; that is when we will know that our traditional allies have lost faith in America and have begun the process of making accommodations with our ad-versaries. We in the Senate must do all in our power to make sure that situa-tion where we lose our allies, where they don’t ask for our leadership, does not happen. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow morning. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:40 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, March 10, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G09MR6.070 S09MRPT1smartinez on DSK4VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE289 March 9, 2016 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, March 10, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MARCH 15 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine the current state of readiness of United States forces in review of the Defense Author-ization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–222 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Matthew Rhett Jeppson, of Florida, to be Director of the Mint, De-partment of the Treasury, and Lisa M. Fairfax, of Maryland, and Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, both to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine the presidential memorandum issued on November 3, 2015 entitled, ‘‘Miti-gating Impacts on Natural Resources from Development and Encouraging Related Private Investment.’’ SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine Ukrainian reforms two years after the Maidan Revolution and the Russian invasion. SD–419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the security of United States visa programs. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine late-term abortion. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the United States Agency for International Development. SD–124 Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Navy in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SH–216 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the future of self-driving cars. SR–253 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine pending cal-endar business. SR–418 3 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Library of Con-gress and the Architect of the Capitol. SD–192 MARCH 16 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 2658, to amend title 49, United States Code, to authorize appropriations for the Fed-eral Aviation Administration for fiscal years 2016 through 2017, S. 2644, to reau-thorize the Federal Communications Commission for fiscal years 2017 and 2018, and a routine list in the Coast Guard. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the 2016 Water Resources Development Act, fo-cusing on policies and projects. SD–406 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 1455, to provide access to medication-assisted therapy, S. 2256, to establish programs for health care provider training in Federal health care and medical facili-ties, to establish Federal co-pre-scribing guidelines, to establish a grant program with respect to naloxone, S. 480, to amend and reauthorize the con-trolled substance monitoring program under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Mental Health Reform Act of 2016’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Plan of Safe Care Improvement Act’’. SD–106 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine Department of Homeland Security management and acquisition reform. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest To hold hearings to examine the impact of immigration on United States work-ers. SD–226 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of multiple Veterans Service Organiza-tions. SD–G50 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the National Guard and Reserve. SD–192 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine preventing a fiscal crisis in America, focusing on a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. SD–226 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office 
report on telecommunications, focus-ing on the need for additional coordina-tion and performance measurement for high-speed Internet access programs on tribal lands. SD–628 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the National Nu-clear Security Administration. SD–138 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine Army Un-manned Aircraft Vehicle and Air Force Remotely Piloted Aircraft Enterprises in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–222 MARCH 17 9 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine agency use of deference. SD–342 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the Depart-ment of Defense budget posture in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M09MR8.000 E09MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE290 March 9, 2016 
10 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine HealthCare.gov, focusing on a review of operations and enrollment. SD–215 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Admin-istration’s nuclear agenda. SD–419 3 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on National Parks To hold hearings to examine S. 2177 and H.R. 959, bills to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a spe-cial resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, S. 651 and H.R. 1289, bills to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire certain land in Martinez, California, for inclusion in the John Muir National Historic Site, H.R. 1949, to provide for the consideration and submission of site and design proposals for the Na-tional Liberty Memorial approved for establishment in the District of Colum-bia, S. 1329 and H.R. 2288, bills to re-move the use restrictions on certain land transferred to Rockingham Coun-ty, Virginia, H.R. 2880, to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, Na-tional Historic Site in the State of Georgia, S. 1930 and H.R. 3371, bills to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, S. 119, to amend the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act to provide for a lifetime National Rec-reational Pass for any veteran with a service-connected disability, S. 718, to modify the boundary of Petersburg Na-tional Battlefield in the Common-wealth of Virginia, S. 770, to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restric-tions on use and reconveyance, S. 1577, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 1943, to modify the boundary of the Shiloh Na-tional Military Park located in the State of Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battle-field as an affiliated area of the Na-tional Park System, S. 1975, to estab-lish the Sewall-Belmont House Na-tional Historic Site as a unit of the Na-tional Park System, S. 1982, to author-ize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contribu-tions to fund the Wall of Remem-brance, S. 1993, to establish the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in the United States in national service positions to protect, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, S. 2039, to designate the mountain at the Dev-ils Tower National Monument, Wyo-ming, as Devils Tower, S. 2061, to des-ignate a National Memorial to Fallen Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas, S. 2309, to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish within the National Park Service the U.S. Civil Rights Net-work, S. 2608, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture to place signage on Federal land along the trail known as the ‘‘American Discovery Trail’’, S. 2620, to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville Na-tional Historical Park, S. 2628, to au-thorize the National Emergency Med-ical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its envi-rons. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M09MR8.000 E09MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D232 Wednesday, March 9, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1351–S1396 Measures Introduced: Five bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2655–2659, and S. Res. 394–395.
                                               Pages S1387–88 
Measures Reported: S. 1443, to amend the Indian Employment, Train-ing and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources. (S. Rept. No. 114–225) 
                                                                                            Page S1387 
Measures Passed: National Asbestos Awareness Week: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consid-eration of S. Res. 376, designating the first week of April 2016 as ‘‘National Asbestos Awareness Week’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
           Page S1392 
National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 395, supporting the des-ignation of March 2016, as ‘‘National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month’’.
                                   Page S1393 
Measures Considered: Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act— Agreement: Senate continued consideration of S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescrip-tion opioid abuse and heroin use, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S1357–84 
Adopted: Grassley (for Donnelly/Capito) Modified Amend-ment No. 3374 (to Amendment No. 3378), to pro-vide follow-up services to individuals who have re-ceived opioid overdose reversal drugs.
         Pages S1357,S1361 
Grassley Amendment No. 3378, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                 Pages S1357, S1361 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 93 yeas to 3 nays (Vote No. 33), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the bill.
                   Page S1361 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill, post-clo-ture, at 11:15 a.m., on Thursday, March 10, 2016; that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, all post-cloture time on the bill expire at 11:30 a.m.; and that the time following morning business until 11:30 a.m. be equally divided between the two man-agers, or their designees.
                                        Page S1393 
Executive Communications:                             Page S1387 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S1387 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S1387 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1388–89 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S1389 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1386–87 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1389–92 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1392 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1392 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—33)
                                                                   Page S1361 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:40 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, March 10, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1393.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Indian Health Service, after receiving testimony from Mary Smith, Principal Deputy Di-rector, Indian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MR6.REC D09MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D233 March 9, 2016 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Defense Health Program, after re-ceiving testimony from Lieutenant General Nadja West, Surgeon General of the Army, Vice Admiral C. Forrest Faison III, Surgeon General of the Navy, Lieutenant General Mark A. Ediger, Surgeon General of the Air Force, and Chris Miller, Program Execu-tive Officer of the Defense Healthcare Management Systems, all of the Department of Defense. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Agri-culture, after receiving testimony from Thomas Vilsack, Secretary of Agriculture. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development concluded a hearing to ex-amine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Energy, after receiving testimony from Ernest J. Moniz, Sec-retary of Energy. NOMINATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of General Jo-seph L. Votel, USA, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Commander, United States Cen-tral Command, and Lieutenant General Raymond A. Thomas III, USA, to be general and Commander, United States Special Operations Command, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. DOD SECURITY COOPERATION, ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS, AND AUTHORITIES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities concluded a hearing to examine the Department of Defense security coopera-tion and assistance programs and authorities, after receiving testimony from Commander Jeff Eggers, USN (Ret.), New America, Melissa Dalton, Center for Strategic and International Studies, and Michael J. McNerney, RAND Corporation, all of Wash-ington, D.C. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces concluded a closed hearing to examine military space threats and programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiv-ing testimony from General John E. Hyten, USAF, Commander, Air Force Space Command, and Doug-las L. Loverro, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Space Policy, both of the Department of Defense; and Troy E. Meink, Assistant Director of National Intelligence for Systems and Resource Analyses. EPA REGULATORY ACTIONS Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine cooperative federalism, focusing on state perspectives on Envi-ronmental Protection Agency regulatory actions and the role of states as co-regulators, after receiving tes-timony from Steven Pirner, South Dakota Depart-ment of Environment and Natural Resources, Pierre; Becky Keogh, Arkansas Department of Environ-mental Quality, North Little Rock; Randy C. Huffman, West Virginia Department of Environ-mental Protection, Charleston; Deb Markowitz, Vermont Agency of Natural Resources, Montpelier; and Ali Mirzakhalili, Delaware Department of Nat-ural Resources and Environmental Control Division of Air Quality, Dover. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 1878, to extend the pediatric priority review voucher program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1077, to provide for expedited development of and priority review for breakthrough devices, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1101, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for the regulation of patient records and certain decision support software, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2055, to amend the Public Health Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to national health security, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1767, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to combination products, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1597, to enhance patient engagement in the medical product development process, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MR6.REC D09MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD234 March 9, 2016 
S. 2512, to expand the tropical disease product priority review voucher program to encourage treat-ments for Zika virus, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute; and The nomination of John B. King, of New York, to be Secretary of Education. INDIAN COUNTRY BUDGET Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for Indian Country, after receiving testimony from Karol V. Mason, Assistant Attorney General, Office of Justice Programs, Department of Justice; Lawrence S. Rob-erts, Acting Assistant Secretary of the Interior for In-dian Affairs; Lourdes Castro Ramirez, Principal Dep-uty Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Devel-opment for Public and Indian Housing; Mary Smith, Principal Deputy Director, Indian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services; and Aaron Payment, National Congress of American In-dians, Washington, D.C. DOJ OVERSIGHT Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Jus-tice, after receiving testimony from Loretta E. Lynch, Attorney General, Department of Justice. ANTITRUST LAWS OVERSIGHT Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Anti-trust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights con-cluded an oversight hearing to examine the enforce-ment of the antitrust laws, including S. 2102, to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Com-mission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Com-mission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attorney General ex-ercises such authority, after receiving testimony from Bill Baer, Assistant Attorney General, Antitrust Di-vision, Department of Justice; and Edith Ramirez, Chairwoman, Federal Trade Commission. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 11:30 a.m. on Thursday, March 10, 2016. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Education, 10 a.m., SD–138. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to exam-ine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Veterans Affairs, 11 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Housing and Urban Development, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine United States Strategic Command, United States North-ern Command, and United States Southern Command programs and budget in review of the Defense Authoriza-tion Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program; with the possibility of a closed session following the open session in SVC–217, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi- ness meeting to consider the nomination of Adam J. Szubin, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Sec-retary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, Department of the Treasury, Time to be announced, S–216, Capitol. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider S. 1252, to authorize a comprehensive strategic ap-proach for United States foreign assistance to developing countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition security, promote inclusive, sustain-able, agricultural-led economic growth, improve nutri-tional outcomes, especially for women and children, build 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MR6.REC D09MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D235 March 9, 2016 resilience among vulnerable populations, S. Res. 375, raising awareness of modern slavery, S. Res. 368, sup-porting efforts by the Government of Colombia to pursue peace and the end of the country’s enduring internal armed conflict and recognizing United States support for Colombia at the 15th anniversary of Plan Colombia, S. Res. 378, expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the courageous work and life of Russian opposition leader Boris Yefimovich Nemtsov and renewing the call for a full and transparent investigation into the tragic murder of Boris Yefimovich Nemtsov in Moscow on February 27, 2015, S. Res. 388, supporting the goals of International Women’s Day, S. Res. 383, recognizing the importance of the United States-Israel economic relationship and en-couraging new areas of cooperation, S. Res. 370, recog-nizing that for nearly 40 years, the United States and the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) have worked toward stability, prosperity, and peace in South-east Asia, an original resolution that expresses profound concern over the prosecution and conviction of former President Mohamed Nasheed without due process and urges the Government of the Maldives to take all nec-essary steps to redress this injustice, release all political prisoners, and to ensure due process and freedom from political prosecution for all the people of the Maldives, and the nominations of Catherine Ann Novelli, of Vir-ginia, to be Alternate Governor of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, Marcela Escobari, of Massachusetts, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and Karen Brevard Stewart, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of the Marshall Islands, Amos J. Hochstein, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Resources), Robert Annan Riley III, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Federated States of Micronesia, Matthew John Matthews, of Oregon, for the rank of Am-bassador during his tenure of service as Senior Official for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Forum, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Depart-ment of State; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the nominations of Mark Sobel, of Virginia, to be Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund for a term of two years, R. David Harden, of Mary-land, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and Ste-phen Michael Schwartz, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Somalia, Kelly Keiderling- Franz, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Oriental Re-public of Uruguay, Elizabeth Holzhall Richard, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the Lebanese Republic, Chris-tine Ann Elder, of Kentucky, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Liberia, and Adam H. Sterling, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Slovak Republic, all of the De-partment of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, to hold hear-ings to examine the Affordable Care Act health insurance Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan program, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, S. 2390, to provide adequate protections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation, S. 2613, to reau-thorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, S. 2614, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Dis-ease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with au-tism, and the nominations of Elizabeth J. Drake, of Maryland, Jennifer Choe Groves, of Virginia, and Gary Stephen Katzmann, of Massachusetts, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade, and Clare E. Connors, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold hearings to examine the commercial applications of un-manned aircraft for small businesses, 10 a.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09MR6.REC D09MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD236 March 9, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, March 10 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 11:15 a.m.), Sen-ate will continue consideration of S. 524, Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, post-cloture. At 11:30 a.m., all post-cloture time on the bill will expire, and Senate will vote on passage of the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11:30 a.m., Thursday, March 10 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in pro forma session at 11:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Mar 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09MR6.REC D09MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST