Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5803 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 2016 No. 144 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 22, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
ANIEL  W
EBSTER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
ACA IS WORKING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and ask you to consider where we were before the Affordable Care Act: premiums were rising three times fast-er than wages, eating up much more of Americans’ hard-earned paychecks; millions more families were drowning in medical debt; Americans had to pay for critical preventive services like flu shots, yearly checkups, and birth con-trol; many young 20-somethings went without insurance; your suffering child could be denied coverage due to a pre-existing condition; the so-called ‘‘doughnut hole,’’ or gap in Medicare part D coverage, was forcing many sen-iors to choose between buying food to put on the table or livesaving prescrip-tion pills; women were charged more than men for coverage simply for being women; insurance companies could set annual or lifetime dollar caps on bene-fits, sticking American families with the remainder of the bill. Thankfully, in the 6 years since the ACA was enacted, 20 million Americans have insurance for the first time in their lives, and the uninsured rate is the lowest it has been in American his-tory, currently at 8.6 percent. The ACA has helped 105 million Americans, in-cluding 39.5 million women and nearly 28 million children, by preventing healthcare plans from capping benefits. We have also seen that the market-place is working better in States where elected officials collaborated to imple-ment the ACA rather than trying to undermine it. In States that chose to expand Medicaid, insurance rates are an estimated 7 percent lower. In con-trast, Governors and legislatures in 19 States have blocked Medicaid expan-sion, even as millions of their lowest income residents go without insurance coverage. Unfortunately, over the past few years, it has been popular around here to say that the ACA is a failure, that it has socialized medicine, it is driving down the quality of American health care, and that we need to ‘‘repeal and replace’’ it because ObamaCare isn’t working. This mindset is all wrong be-cause, I am happy to report, the ACA is working. However, faster progress has been prevented due to obstruction and politics. Since being signed into law in 2010, my colleagues across the aisle have voted to repeal all or parts of the ACA over 60 times. This has prevented fund-ing needed for implementation and necessary fixes to the law. It is time, once and for all, for Congress to accept the ACA as the law of the land and begin working to improve the law, not repeal it. Now, I understand there are chal-lenges as the law continues to take deeper roots throughout the healthcare industry. As they prepared for ACA, some insurance companies set prices too low, and they are now adjusting them in response; but I want to remind everyone that the insurance market-place was dynamic before the ACA and will continue to be dynamic. The ACA calls for a more innovative approach to health care, and many in-surance companies have adapted so that they can focus on coordinated care and care management, for exam-ple. When insurance companies were still able to discriminate based on pre-existing conditions, they excluded or undervalued expensive patients—the same people who had the most healthcare needs. Now that actual data is available, the market is undergoing a natural correction to bring prices in line with costs. It is important to note that shopping on the marketplace has proven to help all consumers find the best price for coverage. According to the Department of Health and Human Services, almost half of returning healthcare.gov con-sumers switched plans and saved an av-erage of $42 per month. I understand that challenges with the ACA remain. That is why HHS is tak-ing steps to address these problems. Congress has a duty to look for policy solutions that improve everyone’s ac-cess to the best care available and to make that care affordable. There are real ways that Congress can provide stability to the healthcare market-place, and I urge my colleagues to bring some of these solutions to the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.000 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5804 September 22, 2016 
I was proud to vote for the ACA, and when the majority is ready to get seri-ous, I will be proud to vote for com-monsense improvements and reforms to the law. The American public have spoken, and they will not return to the days before healthcare reform. It is time for Congress to listen to the American people. 
f 
SUICIDE PREVENTION AWARENESS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the fact that September is Suicide Prevention Awareness Month. This gives all of us a chance to come together to promote awareness about the issue of suicide prevention and how we can all help others talk about suicide. For many families in communities across the country, loved ones are gone far too soon because of suicide. Suicidal thoughts and action cer-tainly know no bounds. They affect people of all ages, races, sexes, and re-ligions. The statistics are startling. Suicide has become the third leading cause of death among young people and is the 10th leading cause of death here in the U.S. Each year, more than 40,000 Americans die by suicide—more than 100 per day, on average. A week and a half ago, I was in Kalamazoo’s Bronson Park for the Gryphon Place Suicide Prevention Walk. A beautiful young woman by the name of Kait stood before a crowd of more than 100 and read a stirring poem about being bullied and, as a result, how she harbored thoughts of suicide. Hearing her deeply personal story certainly broke everyone’s heart. It really did. As a father of two young adults, my thoughts quickly turned to them and their school experiences. Bul-lying is a very serious problem in our schools and can lead to depression, psy-chological issues, and, of course, sui-cide. When she finished, I followed up with her and told her that she is not alone. Anyone considering suicide or having suicidal thoughts should know the same. You are not alone, and there are always help and options available. In our communities, we have got to do more to stop bullying the minute it rears its ugly head. We should do more to reach out to those vulnerable to sui-cidal thoughts and tendencies, particu-larly young people, as they grapple with the pressures of growing up. We should also do more to treat mental health issues that can lead to suicide. Here in the House, we recently were able to pass a very strong bipartisan piece of legislation sponsored by Dr. T
IMMURPHY , a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, to do just that. We voted to give a much-needed upgrade to our mental health system and deliver real reforms that are going to make a difference for folks suffering with mental health illnesses. In July, it was advanced through our committee 53–0, and then on the House floor by a 422–2 vote. This landmark vote marks the most significant reform to our Nation’s mental health pro-grams in decades, and I was proud to shepherd this important piece of legis-lation and now work with the Senate to get it done. Suicide prevention is deeply personal to me. I don’t talk about it often, but my uncle, my daughter’s college room-mate, and my son’s dear girlfriend’s sister all committed suicide. Those losses have left an indelible impression on my life. Suicide is not an issue that can lin-ger in the shadows. We have got to con-front it and the underlying issues be-hind it together. I include in the RECORD Kait’s mes-sage of hope and inspiration. It can also be found on my Web site, upton.house.gov. 
MY(SURVIVAL ) STORY  I tried to start writing my story, but all that became of it was complicated compari-sons and meaningless metaphors. I thought that’s just what I had do, to con-nect with people. Tell some confusing story about a lion and a lamb, or a turtle and a hare with some hidden cliche reworded moral of a story, explaining how the inferior char-acter always wins in the end, and peo-ple would just get what I was trying to say. But, you see, in reality, I didn’t know which character I was supposed to play and so I played someone different every single day. You see it’s hard to stand up for yourself, when you don’t even know who you are, and in school, if you didn’t define yourself, others had no problem doing it for you. So my name tag read Kait, but the names people called me sounded nothing like that. slut, queer, trash, worthless, nothing. I call them names, because that’s what I be-came. At least in my mind, so it kept me in line. for seven years in the hall I looked at the ground, I thought people wouldn’t kick me if I was already down. And if I didn’t look up, I couldn’t see the mirror, that way you and I could both pretend I wasn’t even there. And they decided that popcorn looked even better in my hair, but when I hid in the bathroom stall during lunch, they said I was throwing up my food. Which, I was. because I was too big, too small, too short, too tall, too skinny, and too fat. I was big foot and man hands, with gorilla arm hair. I took up other people’s air and might as well go die in a hole because no one even wants me here. But that was okay, I didn’t want to be here either. My mom still thinks I fractured my hand from catching it in the door, but I had the locker slammed on it because if you cry, that means you’re asking for more. And I didn’t know how to face her, or the fact that I was a failure. And even though I just graduated, I still feel I owe her apologies. for the messages everyday the principal left on her phone, for the days she had to get me, because I couldn’t drive myself home, for the permanent art work on my arms that wouldn’t ever be hung on fridge, for always playing too close to the ledge. Because I couldn’t pass math, but I could calculate just how many pills it took me to get sick without passing out so I didn’t have to go to school the next day. 42. I’m sorry. Even once they were done with me, I felt like I owed them an apology. Like they could hit me in the face, and I would apologize for standing in the way of their hand. There were times I didn’t believe I would be here today. But look at me now, look where I stand, Never did I realize that my own two hands had to the power to control my life. or end it. My own principal, looked at me and said there was nothing he could do, unless I was seriously hurt. Like to actually be noticed, I’d have to be dead in the dirt. Because he thought that even if I walked away crying, as long as I was still alive and walking, it wasn’t his problem. His position of power told him he could de-cide when I was in pain, but he wasn’t the one who had to stand in the rain. Look in my eyes, look at my arms, read my poetry, can you still see me? I lost myself halfway between my current normalcy and my makeshift reality. Drowning in a sea of ideas that unless I be-came just another number in data about bullying, that I wouldn’t actu-ally make a difference. because in a world where we focus on prob-lems like gun control, we over look the fact that people can cause just as much damage with their words. An issue is defined as a topic that can be de-bated or discussed, Like the ‘‘issue’’ I had with bullying was something that could be compromised. Like my own life, was a thing that could be compromised. It’s like if you see a lamb being slaughtered, you just let it continue, because you too are a lamb, and it very well could be you. I think in a way that’s kind of the worlds view, like if i don’t change a number or a statistic. There’s nothing I actually went through. Tell me why no stories ever make the news, about being a survivor of bullying. but if my story was told, after I was six feet under, it would actually mean some-thing. It doesn’t take 50 cents a day, it literally costs nothing to be a decent human being, or to simply treat each person like they have some meaning. they say charity begins at home, but I think that’s where the love should start too because those that know hurt are the ones that hurt you and my brothers and sisters who have walked in my shoes, i’m sorry if it gave you blisters for the longest time I tried to wear a pair that didn’t fit, when I tried to be a she, that wasn’t me. Bullying is not just a consequence, the ef-fects I still live with are alive and real, sometimes they are more real than I feel. You can not push me under the rug because I am still here. I am not just another bullying story. And I am not just my bullying story. Put a name to my face and call me, survivor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.002 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5805 September 22, 2016 
END HUNGER NOW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I re-cently had the opportunity to visit and volunteer at the Philadelphia region’s largest hunger relief center, Philabundance. Philabundance, a member of the Feeding America network of food banks, aims to drive hunger out of local communities with an eye toward eradicating hunger altogether. Each week, Philabundance serves 90,000 peo-ple in the Philadelphia area through partnerships with 350 agencies and food distribution programs. Incredibly, last year alone, they distributed almost 30 million pounds of food to neighbors suf-fering from hunger and food insecurity in nine counties. I was impressed by the innovative strategies Philabundance employs to feed hungry people in its region. The Philabundance Community Kitchen equips those looking to reenter the workforce with valuable life and kitch-en skills, while also providing meals to those in need. Philabundance also opened the Na-tion’s first nonprofit grocery store called Fare & Square in Chester, a city that faced a serious economic down-turn due to the loss of manufacturing jobs. Fare & Square provides affordable and healthy food to the community, as well as discounts to those who qualify. Food banks across our country like Philabundance and places like the Worcester County Food Bank and Food Bank of Western Massachusetts, which are both in my congressional district, do incredible work to reduce hunger in surrounding communities. They em-ploy innovative strategies to fight hun-ger and increase access to nutritious food for our most vulnerable neighbors. But the truth of the matter is we know that food banks and our chari-table organizations can’t do it alone. Some in Congress have proposed cuts and other restrictions to our Federal antihunger and nutrition programs. We often hear from them that charities, not the government, should be respon-sible for eradicating hunger. Mr. Speaker, I agree that food banks and food pantries and other charitable organizations are incredible on-the- ground partners in our effort to end hunger. They are often the first line of defense in emergency situations. But charities cannot do everything. That is just a fact. Charities do face limitations. Many are small and only open on limited schedules. Most are run with the sup-port of dedicated volunteers, some of whom have other full-time jobs. Often, these charities operate out of small places like basements or closets at houses of worship. Importantly, they rely on donations from members of the community as a primary source of food to distribute. Our charities are doing an incredible job on the front lines, but ending hun-ger will take a strong partnership be-tween these organizations and Federal, State, and local governments. For our part, the Federal Government must continue to invest in our preeminent food and nutrition programs like SNAP, WIC, and The Emergency Food Assistance Program, known as TEFAP, just to name a few, and fight any at-tempts to cut or weaken them. TEFAP is especially important to our food banks, as they rely on this Federal funding to serve those in need. We know that strong Federal invest-ments in these critical safety net pro-grams reduce hunger, improve the diets of low-income households, and save bil-lions of dollars in healthcare costs. So the next time any of my colleagues try to score political points by demonizing Federal hunger programs, I ask you to think of these programs and the im-pacts they are having on constituents in each of our districts. I urge you to visit local food banks and charities and see all the incredible work they are doing to reduce hunger in our commu-nities. Ask these organizations how the Federal antipoverty programs support their efforts to bring food to those most in need. I urge all my colleagues to remember this fact: Today, in the United States of Amer-ica, the richest country in the history of the world, over 42 million of our fel-low citizens are hungry. They are kids, senior citizens, people who can’t find work, and many people who are, in fact, working. They defy stereotypes. But all of them are our brothers and sisters, and we should care. We should absolutely do more than we are doing right now to end hunger in America. The Federal Government, working with charities and local partners, has, within its grasp, the power to end hun-ger now; what we lack is the political will. Let’s at long last create the polit-ical will and guarantee that, in our country, no one ever has to struggle with food insecurity or hunger. We can end hunger now. 
f 
b1015 MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING FORMER CONGRESSMAN BILL BARRETT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH) for 5 minutes. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, today I rise in memory of former Congressman Bill Barrett. He passed away earlier this week in his home-town of Lexington, Nebraska. Mr. Barrett devoted his life to serv-ice. From his speakership in the State legislature to the years he spent in Congress, he was known for being true to his word and bringing people to-gether to get things done. Serving Ne-braskans was his top priority, and his dedication to the Third District and our State set a lasting example for me and all who have sought to fill his shoes. Mr. Barrett was an influential con-servative leader and a champion of ag-riculture. The Third District is now the top-producing agriculture district in the country, and we owe much of that to Mr. Barrett’s tireless work. His former staff have recounted how he would always ask: ‘‘Does this help the Third District?’’ He was a true statesman who sought to serve others rather than himself. He worked so hard representing the 60-plus counties of the Third District for the 10 years that he served. I extend my condolences to Mr. Barrett’s wife and tremendous team-mate, Elsie, and their family. Mr. Speaker, I would like to request a moment of silence. f 
CONGRESSIONAL INABILITY TO PASS THE NDAA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, this is a sage-grouse. I found out that the sage- grouse have poor eyesight, so they often collide with barbed wire fences and other obstructions that are dif-ficult to see. And these collisions are often fatal. But the sage-grouse looks like a keen-eyed hawk compared to Congress. That is because the sage-grouse re-cently collided with the National De-fense Authorization Act, and the near-sighted bird won. Hopefully this time it won’t be fatal. We were supposed to vote to send the NDAA to the President this week, but a disagreement between the House and the Senate Republicans about the sage- grouse got egg all over the deal. That is right, a bill that authorizes over $600 billion in spending on wartime oper-ations, weapons acquisition, service-member benefits, and many other pro-visions critical to the defense of our country was taken down by a bird. But unlike the plane that landed in the Hudson River, Congress doesn’t seem to have a Captain Sully to rescue it from bird-induced mayhem. Don’t get me wrong. The NDAA has many problems. It redirects billions in critical funding towards a program the Defense Department does not want. It sidesteps the Bipartisan Budget Act compromise by requiring supplemental funding just to keep the Pentagon run-ning. It contains a myriad of poison pill riders, from allowing contractors to engage in discrimination against the LGBTQ employees, to releasing tens of thousands of handguns into our com-munities with no background checks. All of these reasons are why I voted against the bill in committee and on the House floor. Nonetheless, the con-ference report is a compromise between the Senate and the House on complex issues ranging from funding operations against ISIS to military healthcare re-form, a compromise on everything but this pesky bird. House Republicans stubbornly refuse to remove language that would pro-hibit the sage-grouse from being placed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.004 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5806 September 22, 2016 
on the Endangered Species List, de-spite the fact that no one is trying to list it. Placing an animal on the En-dangered Species List is a scientific de-cision not within the purview of Con-gress, and the administration has promised not to list the bird anyway, thanks to a compromise conservation plan. So the provision that is holding up the entire bill not only blatantly prioritizes politics over national secu-rity policy, it is legally meaningless. I think Speaker R
YANput it best ear-lier this month when he said that play-ing politics over the NDAA is ‘‘shame-less, and it threatens more than five decades of bipartisan cooperation to enact a national defense bill for our troops. The men and women who de-fend our country deserve better.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, then your party is chicken for prioritizing talking points over national security. The sage-grouse is such an important issue to House Republicans that it makes you wonder what they will do next to contain the serious national se-curity threat. Perhaps we will soon hear calls to build a wall on the Cana-dian border to prevent sage-grouse from sending their chicks across the border, even though some, I assume, are good hatchlings. We may then hear about a plan to prevent sage-grouse from entering the country altogether until we find out what is going on. Maybe the Repub-licans will ban sage-grouse mating dances as breeding grounds for—well, if not terrorism, then, at least more sage- grouse. But, seriously, colleagues, is this really what our constituents are most concerned about? It is time to focus on passing a bill that provides accountability on defense spending to taxpayers and is in line with the Bipartisan Budget Act. Our inability to overcome this pointless provision is just further evidence that this Congress is for or, in this case, against the birds. 
f 
UNHCR’S BASH ISRAEL DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, this week, world leaders are gathering in New York for the United Nations General Assembly, and throughout this whole process we are reminded yet again of just how broken the U.N. sys-tem really is. Nowhere is this more evident than at the U.N. Human Rights Council. What a misnomer. This body that is supposed to promote and defend human rights worldwide has become a tool used by human rights abusers. And the office that provides support to the Council, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, OHCHR, is no bet-ter, as it is overrun with an anti-Israel bias and an anti-Israel agenda. We see this play out each time the Council meets for its Bash Israel Day— yippee—a day dedicated to permanent Agenda Item 7, the only agenda item of the Council devoted to a single coun-try, Israel. This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Council. In those 10 years, Mr. Speaker, there have been over 70 reso-lutions condemning Israel and about 65 resolutions for all of the other coun-tries combined. Seventy on Israel, 65 for every other country. Countries like China, Russia, Vietnam, Saudi Arabia, Venezuela, and Cuba use the Council as a way to detract attention from their abuses and play upon the natural anti- Israel bias at the Council and the OHCHR. So tomorrow, when the Council meets to discuss Agenda Item 7, it will be another Bash Israel Day that the ad-ministration failed to prevent. It will be another example of how this admin-istration’s influence fails to protect our friend and ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel. Instead of continuing to legitimize this sham of a body, Congress must withhold all contributions and partici-pation at the Council and to the OHCHR, and call for the dissolution of the Council. The administration must press the High Commissioner to de-nounce Agenda Item 7 and work against the inherent anti-Israel bias of the Council and the Office of the High Commissioner of Human Rights. Earlier this year, Canadian Professor Michael Lynk was appointed as the Special Rapporteur for the Palestinian territories, despite his obvious bias and conflicts of interest, which we now know he lied about in his paperwork. This selection was so egregious that Canada’s Foreign Minister from Pro-fessor Lynk’s home country urged the U.N. to reconsider his appointment. The administration should echo those calls, but, instead, it has been silent. The administration should also lead an opposition to the upcoming reelec-tion next week of Jean Ziegler as an adviser to the Council. Ziegler is a no-torious puppet of the Castro regime and an avowed defender of dictators and apologists for Islamic extremist groups and had no business being elect-ed the first time around, let alone being reelected. The Obama administration had an opportunity to block his candidacy while serving as the coordinator for the Western European and Others Group this year at the Council, but failed to do so; and now it looks as if Ziegler’s reelection is a done deal, thanks to the administration’s failure to act. The administration, Mr. Speaker, continues to argue that only by being engaged and only by being full mem-bers of the U.N. can it advance our in-terests and protect Israel. Yet, next month, UNESCO is set to adopt a reso-lution that seeks to whitewash the Jewish and Christian religious and his-torical ties to Jerusalem. And while we might not be voting members of the full UNESCO body, this administration is an active member of UNESCO’s exec-utive committee, where this resolution was first approved. Where was our influence then? We can’t even prevent a resolution that wipes away Jewish and Christian ties to Jerusalem, despite these being historical facts. It is very apparent that either the administration has no influence at the U.N. or the adminis-tration has no desire to upset the en-trenched and damaged status quo. That is why it is up to Congress, Mr. Speaker, to force the change at the U.N. I urge all of my colleagues to take a long, hard look at the Human Rights Council as a representation of all that is wrong and bad with the U.N., and to make reforming the U.N. a priority going forward. It will be up to us. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 1956 HUN-GARIAN REVOLUTION AGAINST THE SOVIET UNION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to engage in a colloquy with my very able colleague from Florida, Congressman D
ENNIS ROSS. And perhaps as we begin, we can welcome into our midst the very able Ambassador from Hungary to the United States, Ms. Reka Szemerkenyi. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS). Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for yielding. And I do wish to say hello to our good friend from Hungary, Ambas-sador Szemerkenyi. I am grateful, quite frankly, to have this opportunity, Mr. Speaker, as I rise today to recognize the 60th anniversary of the Hungarian Revolution and Free-dom Fight. Sixty years ago this October, Hun-gary stood tall in the shadows of com-munism and said: Enough is enough— eleg volt. Hungarian schoolchildren and college students took up arms against the totalitarian government and its Soviet policies. On October 23, 1956, approximately 20,000 protesters convened next to the statue of General Jozef Bem, a national hero of Hungary. Despite orders to dis-band, protestors tore down a 30-foot bronze statue of Stalin near the city’s Heroes’ Square. The following morning, power was consolidated and a new multiparty gov-ernment was formed. The Hungarian Revolution spread like wildfire throughout the countryside. On November 1, Prime Minister Imre Nagy announced Hungary’s withdrawal from the Warsaw Pact and a declara-tion of neutrality. Embarrassed by the uprising, the USSR sent Soviet tanks and troops across the Hungarian bor-der. Unfortunately, thousands of Hun-garian civilians were killed, and the communist-backed government in Bu-dapest was reinstalled. In the months that followed the Hun-garian Revolution, more than 20,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.005 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5807 September 22, 2016 
Hungarians were imprisoned, 229 were executed, and more than 200,000 were forced to flee across the world. Many of the Hungarians, named ‘‘56ers’’ because of the year that this happened, sought new lives in the United States with the help of Hun-garian Americans, many of whom live in my good friend, Ms. K
APTUR ’s dis-trict. My own parents were married in the Hungarian Catholic Church, St. Emeric, also located in Ms. K
APTUR ’s district. And as a child and grandchild of Hungarian Americans who helped 56ers, I am honored to sponsor this res-olution with my good friend from Ohio in commemoration of the 60th anniver-sary of the 1956 Hungarian Revolution. I would like to thank my Hungarian American Caucus co-chairs: Ms. K
AP-
TUR, ANDYHARRIS , and D AVID JOYCE . Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for organizing this event this morning, and I wish to also say that the 1956 Hungarian Revolution was a breakpoint historical event that marked a turning point in the cold war. It took great courage by those who participated during that unforgettable period as freedom fighters in Budapest and across that country stood tall in opposition to the communist-installed Hungarian people’s false government and its Soviet-imposed repression. b1030 You can travel to Budapest, Hungary, today, and you can see the bullet holes and the tank markings in some of the old, old buildings in that country. We know over 2,500 Hungarians died, 20,000 were imprisoned, and over 200,000 more fled as refugees. Congressman R
OSS has referenced certain individuals in my own region. Some of those refugees came to Ohio, including men like Reverend Martin Hernady, who ministered his entire life in Ohio serving the Hungarian dias-pora, and the Ujvagi family of Toledo, whose compassion, patriotism, and ge-nius have meant so much to our com-munity and to me, personally. In October and November of 1956, the country at the heart of the European Continent underwent 3 weeks of polit-ical turmoil that shook the region and exposed the ideological fissures behind the Iron Curtain. The movie, ‘‘Torn From the Flag,’’ I recommend to all of our colleagues. It gives people living today a sense of what happened during that fateful pe-riod. During the 60th anniversary of the 1956 Hungarian Revolution and its free-dom fight, we commemorate tens of thousands of Hungarians who took to the streets to protest the heavyhanded invasion by the Soviet Union. Their heroism is legendary, and it has made a difference in world history. They showed a united front and one that called upon their government to pro-mote democratic ideals and unifica-tion. This moment in time was encap-sulated in a statement by the then-di-rector of the Hungarian News Agency just before his untimely death in the revolution. He said: ‘‘We are going to die for Hungary and for Europe.’’ In the years since the 1956 Hungarian Revolution, Hungary has made progress toward democratic reform and has since become a member of the Eu-ropean Union and NATO. Its award of Nobel Prizes in every single scientific and cultural field is a testimony to the talent and to the abilities of the people of that country. So like Congressman ROSS, as co- chair of the Congressional Hungarian Caucus, I remain dedicated to con-tinuing channels of cooperation to fur-ther these efforts and to ensure that the principles of the 1956 Hungarian Revolution are fully realized. I think the Partnership for Peace ini-tiative between our respective mili-taries is a foundation stone to build our continuing relationship forward and support the revolution recognizing this important moment in world his-tory in the 20th century. May I say, long live liberty and long live Hungary. I thank the gentleman, all the mem-bers of our Congressional Hungarian Caucus, and, again, I thank the Ambas-sador from Hungary for being here with us today and all of our colleagues for listening. 
f 
FATHER PATRICK RYAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life and work of Father Patrick Ryan. Father Ryan, the pastor of Saints Peter and Paul’s parish in Chattanooga from 1872 to 1878, was a shepherd who gave his life in ministering to his flock. He died a martyr’s death in the yellow fever epidemic of 1878 when he was only 33 years old. Perhaps his most notable accom-plishment in the Chattanooga commu-nity was the opening of Notre Dame Academy, under the direction of the Dominican Sisters, which is the oldest private school in the city. The school had been in operation for little more than 2 years when it had to be con-verted into a hospital and orphanage because of the terrible yellow fever scourge in the city. Although many people left the city as the disease spread, Father Ryan and Jonathan W. Bachman, pastor of the First Presbyterian church, were among the 1,800 people remaining in the city. They were good friends, and when Fa-ther Ryan was stricken, he was visited by Dr. Bachman. Father Ryan is described by an eye-witness as ‘‘going from house to house in the worst infected section of the city to find what he could do for the sick and needy.’’ He continued ministering to his flock, after he himself had con-tracted the dreaded disease, to within 48 hours of his death. In 1901, when the Chattanooga Coun-cil of the Knights of Columbus was or-ganized, it was named the Father Pat-rick Ryan Council in honor of the priest who, by his high ideals, his devo-tion to duty, his spirit of sacrifice for his congregation and his city, seemed to exemplify the aims and purposes of the new order. Several letters have been written in support of the cause of beatification and canonization of Father Patrick Ryan, including the Notarial Act of the Bishop of Knoxville, the Most Reverend Richard Stika; the letter naming Rev-erend J. David Carter as Episcopal Del-egate and Promoter of Justice for the Cause of Beatification and Canon-ization; and a letter naming Deacon Gaspar DeGaetano as Vice Postulator for the Cause of Beatification and Can-onization. I believe it is most appropriate to honor a man who sacrificed himself to provide comfort to the people in Chat-tanooga who were afflicted with yellow fever so long ago. f 
BLACK LIVES MATTER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) for 5 minutes. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about a crisis in our commu-nities and our country. I have watched in horror, day after day, as people of color are shot by the police officers sworn to protect them. Now, we all know that the vast ma-jority of law enforcement officers are committed to serving their commu-nities, and many do incredible work de-spite dangerous and sometimes life- threatening conditions. I commend all of those speaking out and working against the injustices of some. Trag-ically, as we have witnessed in Dallas and Baton Rouge, innocent police offi-cers have been the victims of violence as well. However, these tragedies do not change the underlying reality that our criminal justice system is broken. Since Michael Brown was shot in Ferguson 2 years ago, 2,195 people have been killed by police in our Nation. As a mother of two Black men and the grandmother of five Black grand-children, I worry that someone I love could become number 2,196. Each time we lose a precious life to fear, distrust, and prejudice, the list of things that will get you killed as a Black person in America gets a little longer. Today I want to spend a little time going through that list. Now you can get killed for going to buy a bag of Skittles, like Trayvon Martin; or even get killed for riding on New Year’s Day, for instance, in the subway in the Bay Area like Oscar Grant. This is a subway card. Or maybe you can get killed for selling ciga-rettes, like Eric Garner. Or you can get killed for selling CDs, like Alton Ster-ling. This is a CD. You can also be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.006 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5808 September 22, 2016 
killed reaching for your wallet, like Philando Castile. It doesn’t matter if you are a child. If you are a Black boy, you can be killed playing with a toy gun. That is a toy gun. Now, that was what happened to Tamir Rice; he was 12. That is what happened to Tyre King last week; he was 13. Or you can be killed for a missing front license plate like Samuel DuBose. Heaven help you if you are driving a car. You can be killed for not signaling a lane change, like Sandra Bland, or for having a broken brake light, like Walter Scott, or for breaking down on a highway, like Terrence Crutcher. Now, should any of this warrant a death sentence? Is this the America you want to live in? In 2016, when you are Black, too often you are seen as a threat first and a person second. When my boys were young, I had some tough conversations with them about how to interact with police. I taught them that Black boys don’t get the benefit of the doubt. I told them, to some, it doesn’t matter who you are— it just matters what you look like. I shouldn’t have had to have these conversations with them. This is Amer-ica. Parents shouldn’t have to live in fear that one day they will have the same call that Michael Brown’s mother got, that Sandra Bland’s mother got, that Dontre Hamilton’s mother got, or that Oscar Grant’s mother got. We need action here on the floor of Congress and in communities across the country. Enough is enough. We cannot stay silent while these murders continue unchecked. We must act now. That is why, today, members of the Congressional Black Caucus will march to the Department of Justice to de-mand action—because Black lives do matter. 
f 
OPIOID ADDICTION WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, opioid and drug addiction are wreaking havoc in communities and States across the Nation. Hospitals and first responders are stretched to the limit. Families and friends are trying to get their loved ones the help they so desperately need. The disease of addiction has become all too common in our States and in our neighborhoods, but it is still hid-den behind a stigma, a fear of asking for help. That is why we are marking this week as Prescription Drug and Opioid Epidemic Awareness Week, to spread the word and to encourage those struggling with addiction to get the help that they need. My district in West Virginia has some of the highest drug overdose rates in the Nation, but I want to highlight how our cities and counties are fighting back. On August 15, my hometown of Hun-tington faced a true crisis as call after call came in of people who had overdosed on heroin. It has become far too common in Huntington for first re-sponders to go out on a few calls a day for people who have overdosed, but this August day was unlike any other. Within a few hours, 28 people overdosed, likely from just one batch of heroin—28 people in 5 hours in a city of less than 50,000 people. Our first responders—EMTs and po-lice—carry an opioid-reversing drug and rushed to their aid. Time and time again, they brought people back from the brink of death. Without the tireless work of the first responders and our healthcare workers, Huntington would have lost many more lives. Possibly the most victimized of all the victims of the drug crisis is a new-born baby having to suffer through withdrawal after birth from exposure to drugs during pregnancy. Along with a group of passionate healthcare pro-fessionals and community leaders, a fa-cility called Lily’s Place was opened. For more than a year now, over 100 newborn babies have received the care they need to get through the effects of withdrawal. Another story of a community com-ing together to combat the drug crisis is from Mercer County. Mercer County Fellowship Home focuses on treating men suffering from substance abuse, working to make them productive members of society again. A current resident said that, thanks to the help he received there, he now has the con-fidence to stay employed and to further his education. The director of Mercer County Fel-lowship, Jim McClanahan, said it best when he told me: Opiates are ruining and taking lives. We are giving them opportunities so that no one person or family has to continue living life scared and feeling as if they don’t count or matter. 
Centers like the Mercer County Fel-lowship Home offer those addicted to drugs and opioids a chance to change their lives and their communities. These are just three examples of how our cities and towns are making a dif-ference. Sometimes it is our first re-sponders saving lives of those who have overdosed, giving them an opportunity to get the help they need, or a caring group of healthcare professionals and community leaders developing a new model of care so drug-exposed babies can have the best chance at a healthy start in life. Other times the help comes in the form of a welcoming group of people who are committed to recovery. We can stop the opioid epidemic and heal our cities, our towns, and our States. In these tough times, we must come together and find solutions. Here in the House, we have shown what we can do working together. We passed CARA with overwhelming bipartisan support. There is hope in West Virginia, and there is hope in the United States. There is help available for those in need. Together, we can make a dif-ference. f 
b1045 CONGRATULATING MAINE- ENDWELL LITTLE LEAGUE TEAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. H
ANNA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the young men of the Maine-Endwell Little League team on their outstanding victory at the Little League World Series cham-pionship game. With an ending score of 2–1, the Maine-Endwell Little League team tri-umphed over South Korea to become the first American team to win the overall title since 2011, and the first New York team to win the title since 1964. The game was played in Williams-port, Pennsylvania, with a reported 23,211 people in attendance. It was a perfect ending to Maine-Endwell’s undefeated season of 24–0. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I recognize the Maine-Endwell team today, the 2016 Little League World Series champions. On behalf of the United States Congress, and the 22nd Congressional District of New York, I congratulate each of you for a job well done. To the team members—Jude Abbadessa, Billy Dundon, Jayden Fanara, James Fellows, Ryan Harlost, Jack Hopko, Michael Mancini, Jordan Owens, Brody Raleigh, Conner Rush, and Justin Ryan—congratulations to each and every one of you. To the coaches—Scott Rush, Joe Hopko, and Joe Mancini—congratulations, again, from a grateful community and a grateful country. 
f 
LET’S SEE TO IT THAT JUSTICE IS COLORBLIND The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, this is a historic week in the United States as we dedicate and open the National Mu-seum of African American History and Culture. It starts with a story of African Americans being brought to this coun-try as slaves from Africa, not citizens but property, and considered such until they were freed, some through the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863, and others through an amendment to the Constitution. Even after that, they weren’t really considered full citizens, as there was Jim Crow segregation, and that continued for over 100 years. Today, we see African Americans are still threatened. I woke up Tuesday morning to the shocking video of Mr. Crutcher being shot while his hands were up and on a car, following appar-ent instructions from police, and was shot to death. It is one of the most shocking videos I have seen. There is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.008 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5809 September 22, 2016 
no way to defend what happened. At best, it was gross negligence; at worst, it was murder. This has been happening too often in the United States. I support police. My first job out of law school was an attor-ney for the police department. I worked 3
1⁄2years for the police. I un-derstand their importance, and I sup-port them. But police who are not well trained are doing a disservice to their profession and to the United States. This morning on ‘‘Morning Joe,’’ former Congressman Joe Scarborough, a Republican Member of this House, said two things are necessary in light of the shootings, and particularly the Crutcher shooting in Tulsa, Oklahoma. One is body cameras and cameras on all police vehicles so we can see, as we did in Oklahoma, exactly what oc-curred. And, secondly, independent prosecutors, prosecutors from outside the jurisdiction to see to it that justice is served. There is a bill in this Congress that L
ACY CLAY, myself, every member of the Congressional Black Caucus, and nearly 90 Members of this House are co-sponsors of. That is a bill that will re-quire police training towards racial sensitivity and understanding of dif-ferent cultures, independent prosecu-tors for States to determine how they would set it up, and a requirement for States to have independent prosecutors in law enforcement killings of Amer-ican citizens. This is necessary for peo-ple to believe and to know that justice is, indeed, blind and justice is being meted out. There is no way to look at Tulsa, but to see there was either inadequate training or there was racial profiling and insensitivity that ended in the death of Mr. Crutcher. It is so sad as we open the National Museum of African American History and Culture to see that African Ameri-cans still are not being treated the same as others in our Nation. It is not a mere coincidence that every shooting by a police person videoed has an African American vic-tim. Nobody can say that Mr. Crutcher was resisting arrest or possibly had a gun or brandished a pistol. None of those things occurred. He was fol-lowing instructions. I ask my Republican colleagues, none of whom are sponsors of my bill, to consider coming on to the bill. The bill is important for justice in America. It is important for people to know there is justice. And in this week, as we look to the National Museum of African American History and Culture opening and the recognition of rights that peo-ple have, and the understanding that they are human beings and part of America, who built America, literally built America as slaves and built this building, we need to go forward and see to it that justice is colorblind and jus-tice is meted out. CHANGING OUR BROKEN SYSTEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RIBBLE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about embarrassment. Next week, the Congress of the United States will once again have to refer on and go back to funding our Federal Government with an ad hoc continuing resolution. Federal law re-quires the Congress of the United States to pass a budget each year. It requires the Congress of the United States to pass 12 appropriations bills each year by September 30, which is coming up next week. I came to Congress in 2011, Mr. Speaker. Since then, we have passed zero regular order appropriations out of the 72 required by law—zero. And yet, we have been able to find some way to pass 20 short-term continuing resolution appropriations bills that have no reforms to spending, they have no reforms to policy, and we have passed five 2,000-page omnibus spending bills. Somehow we were able to do those two things, but we weren’t able to pass 12 simple appropriations bills to properly manage the taxpayers’ money. I have heard it said that Americans are disappointed with Congress. In fact, I am a little surprised that we have an 18 percent approval rating right now. Maybe we have a lot of family mem-bers or some folks back home who aren’t paying attention to what is going on here. We wonder why out of the $3.8 tril-lion of taxpayer dollars that we have received here in the Congress of the United States each year are not being managed correctly by the only body that can actually manage it. Why in the world aren’t they fixing this prob-lem and passing their spending bills in regular order in front of the American people where they can see it and do it instead of these ad hoc spending bills? Mr. Speaker, each year that I have been in Congress, I have authored a bill that would change our broken system and begin to fix this system that doesn’t work. I would propose to you that 0 out of 72 is not a very good bat-ting record. It is called the Biennial Budgeting and Enhanced Oversight Act. In fact, today, it has 237 cospon-sors of the majority in this House. When I introduced the bill last year, I introduced it with 108 original cospon-sors that signed on with me when we introduced it. That represents, by the way, Mr. Speaker, 50 percent of the whole House of Representatives. It represents 63 per-cent of the elected Republican leader-ship in this House. It represents 29 per-cent of the minority party. Fifty Democrats have joined with Repub-licans and said: we need to fix this bro-ken system. Seventy-two percent of the majority party support this reform. Sixty-eight percent of committee chairmen sup-port this reform. Sixty-seven percent of subcommittee chairmen support this reform. Sixty-five percent of the Re-publican Steering Committee, the lead-ership of this House of Representatives, support this reform. It was referred to the Budget Com-mittee where 56 percent support this reform. It was also referred to the Rules Committee where 54 percent sup-port this reform. And yet, there has been no vote on this in the House. 237 cosponsors represent 168 million Amer-ican people whose voices have been squashed and been silenced by our lack of inaction. Mr. Speaker, I started by saying I want to talk about embarrassment. I am embarrassed for the Congress of the United States. I am proud of the effort that has been done here, and I am proud of the people and Members of Congress who have stood up to finally fix this broken system and said: enough is enough. I am proud of Senator E
NZIand Sen-ator I
NHOFE over in the U.S. Senate trying to advance the same types of re-forms there. But I am embarrassed for the Congress of the United States. I am embarrassed for our leadership. I am embarrassed because we haven’t been able to do what is right, even though the majority of us agree that this is better than what we have, that this is a step forward. But I want to tell you, Mr. Speaker, what I am more than embarrassed about. I am disappointed. Because the only people in the country that can fix this is the Congress of the United States. Since 1974, when the Budget Act was put in place, the Congress of the United States has failed to pass its budget and its appropriations bills required by law every single year for 42 years. They have not been able to do it on time even once. Some people will argue that this isn’t the best fix and may not be the perfect fix, but I will tell you right now, Mr. Speaker, it is better than 0 out of 72 for sure. I call on the Speaker of the House to bring this bill to the floor and let 168 million Americans finally be heard. 
f 
COLOMBIA-FARC PEACE DEAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, in the coming weeks, the sovereign people of Colombia will decide, in a his-toric referendum, whether to approve or reject the agreement reached be-tween the Colombian Government and the terrorist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, commonly known as FARC. I have made it a priority to hear from stakeholders on either side of this issue, and I remain concerned about the impact the deal could have on Co-lombia, as well as its broader effects on the region, especially given the drastic increase in coca production in recent years. My concerns are shared by many Americans of Colombian descent who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.009 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5810 September 22, 2016 
call south Florida home, and who I am proud to represent in this body. Throughout the process, the FARC has demanded immunity, impunity, and political legitimacy, but we cannot ignore the thousands viciously mur-dered by this terrorist organization— people who were innocent victims and who demand justice that goes beyond special tribunals that offer relatively mild punishments. Throughout the decades, the FARC recruited children to serve its corrupt cause. American citizens were kid-napped and victimized by them. It is hard to believe that the FARC was an honest partner in the peace process, and allowing them to participate in the political process has been viewed as a generous and perhaps dangerous con-cession. The Colombian people will be voting on the deal next month after more than half a century of war. This is a de-cision exclusively for the Colombian people to make. However, those of us who cherish the U.S.-Colombia rela-tionship, who care deeply for Colombia and its future, and who are privileged to represent many in our country’s Co-lombian-American community must be sincere and, with respect, express our concerns, while at the same time re-newing our commitment to the strong partnership between our two nations. 
ADDRESSING THE FEDERAL DEFICIT  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to discuss one of the most serious issues facing the United States—the staggering Federal deficit, which is expected to be one-third larger this year. According to the Congres-sional Budget Office, our Federal budg-et deficit will be $590 billion, compared with a $438 billion deficit last year. Future projections don’t appear to be optimistic either, with OMB reports stating that the deficit will rise to 4.6 percent of GDP by 2026. For compari-son, the average deficit as a share of GDP from 1966 to 2015 was 2.8 percent. These figures make it abundantly clear that Congress must work toward solu-tions that will address our Nation’s deficit and get our fiscal house back in order. Every day, families in south Florida sit around the dinner table and make tough decisions on how they will spend their money. They stick to their budg-ets, and their government should be no different. Last October, I was proud to support a 2-year bipartisan budget agreement that implemented new caps on discre-tionary spending for both fiscal years 2016 and 2017. b1100 Too often, enormous sums are wasted due to unpredictable budget cycles and government shutdown threats. With the adoption of this 2-year budget, Con-gress was able to reduce wasteful gov-ernment spending by providing cer-tainty to agencies as they plan for the future. The budget also contains real reforms to entitlement programs, which is the largest percentage of na-tional debt. It is important that we protect programs like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid—the invalu-able safety net for those who need the help—while working to implement re-forms to make these programs solvent for future generations. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance solutions that will re-duce our Federal deficit. It is our duty as elected officials to leave our chil-dren and grandchildren with the same economic opportunities as my genera-tion, and that is my main priority in Congress. A‘‘BETTER WAY ’’ AGENDA  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to recognize the House Repub-licans’ Better Way agenda to reform the way Congress does business by pro-moting solutions that will benefit Americans across the country. I am proud to have supported numerous bills within the Better Way agenda, includ-ing two education bills that are ex-pected to pass the House this week. The Strengthening Career and Tech-nical Education for the 21st Century Act, of which I am an original cospon-sor, provides students with the tools to succeed in a variety of fields, including the technology and healthcare sectors, by simplifying the process of applying for Federal funds. This legislation also increases transparency, ensuring effec-tive programs that allow students, teachers, and parents to attain their goals. This year, I had the opportunity to serve on the Poverty, Opportunity, and Upward Mobility Task Force and sug-gested that we focus on the most vul-nerable in our communities—at-risk youth. I am proud the Better Way agenda included a plan to reduce pov-erty for children and was proud to in-troduce the bipartisan Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing De-linquency Act. This legislation sets kids up for long-term success by giving State and local leaders the flexibility to better meet the specific needs of at- risk children in their communities. 
f 
ADDRESSING THE MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a let-ter from which I am going to read some excerpts. This includes a letter that we are sending to Majority Leader M
CCON-
NELL and Minority Leader R EIDin the Senate. Let me read a few excerpts from this. We are asking the Senate to pass the Helping Families in Mental Health Cri-sis Act before the district work period break. Delays in enacting this into law will contribute to more crime, vio-lence, homelessness, and the daily deaths of 959 Americans as a result of mental illness. We know that there is a critical shortage of qualified providers. There are only 9,000 child and adolescent psy-chiatrists for 17 million children, and we need 30,000. African Americans are half as likely to receive psychiatric care, and for Hispanics with a mental disorder, fewer than 1 in 11 sees a men-tal health specialist. Fifty-five percent of counties in America do not have a practicing psychiatrist, psychologist, or social worker. The average time between the onset of the first symptoms of psychosis and the first treatment is 80 weeks. There is a nationwide shortage of 100,000 psy-chiatric beds, which means people are often diverted to jails, are boarded in emergency rooms, or are released with-out treatment. There is no oversight, monitoring, or enforcement of the 10- year-old parity law, and persons with eating disorders still cannot get cov-erage for their treatment. The Federal Government spends about $130 billion annually by 112 agen-cies across eight separate departments, but the GAO exposed that these have nearly no coordination and do not re-quire evidence-based practices. In terms of violence, those with un-treated psychosis are 15 times more likely to be violent or not in treat-ment. With regard to jail, over 50 per-cent of those in jail have a mental ill-ness. Mentally ill inmates cost tax-payers three times more than those without a mental illness, and individ-uals with a mental illness are four to six times more likely to be victims of sexual violence. With regard to homelessness, over one-third of homeless Americans have a serious mental illness, and people with serious mental illness are three times more likely to be in poverty. Having a serious mental illness is worse for someone’s health than is chronic heavy smoking, and those with serious mental illness tend to die 10 to 25 years prematurely, meaning over 350,000 Americans will die this year as a direct or indirect result of mental ill-ness. So far this year, over 255,000 have died. H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, is the most transformational crisis mental health reform bill in 50 years. It passed the House with near unanimous support on July 16, 2016, with a vote of 422–2. It reforms the Federal Government approach to mental health by estab-lishing the critically important leader-ship position of Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use Dis-orders, who must be a doctor and who will bring accountability, effective-ness, and coordination to the Federal Government’s programs and will de-velop a national strategy to increase the mental health workforce. It increases the number of psychia-trists, psychologists, and psychiatric nurses to treat serious mental illness. It provides funding for tele-mental health to increase access in under-served areas. It provides additional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.010 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5811 September 22, 2016 
psychiatric beds. It requires the over-sight and enforcement of parity laws and extends coverage to people with eating disorders. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act has been endorsed by more than 40 professional organiza-tions, by 77 newspapers, and has 207 bi-partisan cosponsors. We write with the vital request that the Senate take up and pass the Help-ing Families in Mental Health Crisis Act in order to fix our Nation’s mental health system. It must take priority over any partisan divide. We, respect-fully, ask that the Senate advance this bill to provide treatment before trag-edy and to provide desperately needed and fully deserved help. Along these lines, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to also contact my of-fice to cosign this letter that pleads with the Senate to please move this bill quickly so that we don’t have to see more tragedy, so that we can pro-vide treatment, so that we can relieve Americans of this terrible scourge of mental illness without treatment, and so that we may provide quick and life-saving action because, where there is no help, there is no hope. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, September 22, 2016. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. H
ARRY REID, Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  M
INORITY LEADER REID: We are in the midst of a mental health crisis in America. One in five Americans will experience mental ill-ness this year. There are 10 million adults with a serious mental illness (SMI), but nearly 40% do not receive treatment. The reasons for this are a critical shortage of qualified providers, a dearth of crisis psy-chiatric beds, failed mental health parity implementation, and most importantly the absence of strong federal leadership. We are asking the Senate to pass the Helping Fami-lies in Mental Health Crisis Act before their district work period break. Delays in enact-ing this into law will contribute to more crime, violence, homelessness, and the daily deaths of 959 Americans as a result of a men-tal illness. The level of this crisis was learned during the 4 year long House inves-tigation, the major findings of which are listed below. 
CRITICAL SHORTAGE OF QUALIFIED PROVIDERS  There are 9,000 Child and Adolescent Psy-chiatrists for 17 million children with a men-tal health condition, but there is a need for 30,000; African Americans are half as likely to re-ceive psychiatric treatment; For Hispanics with a mental disorder, fewer than 1 in 11 see a mental health spe-cialist; 55% of counties do not have a practicing psychiatrist, psychologist, or social worker; 72% of states have a shortage of psy-chiatric nurses; Over the last decade the total number of physicians has increased by 45% but the number of psychiatrists has only increased 12%; The average time between onset of first symptoms of psychosis and first treatment is 80 weeks. 
DEARTH OF PSYCHIATRIC CRISIS BEDS  There is a nation-wide shortage of 100,000 crisis psychiatric beds; In 1955 there were 550,000 psychiatric beds, but today there are only 40,000; Only one state (Mississippi) has enough beds to meet the minimum standard; When patients are in crisis they are often diverted to jails, boarded in Emergency Rooms, or released without treatment. PARITY  It has been nearly a decade since parity be-came law, yet there is no oversight, moni-toring or enforcement; Americans with eating disorders still can-not get coverage of their treatment. 
FAILED FEDERAL LEADERSHIP  In the area of mental health, the federal government spends $130 billion annually by 112 agencies across 8 separate departments; In a stunning and groundbreaking report the GAO exposed that federal mental health programs have nearly no coordination, few evaluations, and four out of five do not re-quire evidence-based practices; 55% of Medicaid funding goes to 5% of the Medicaid population and nearly all of those patients have a mental health condition. 
VIOLENCE  While individuals with a mental health condition are NOT more violent than the general public, those with untreated psy-chosis are 15 times more likely to be violent when not in treatment; 80 percent of violent acts committed by those with untreated psychosis are attrib-utable directly to their illness. 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE  Of those Americans in local jails 64% have mental illness, 56% in state prison, and 45% in federal prison; Mentally ill inmates cost taxpayers three times more than those without a mental ill-ness; Incarcerating someone with a mental ill-ness is 20 times more expensive than commu-nity treatment; Over 70% of people in jails with serious mental illness also have a substance use dis-order; Individuals with a mental illness are 4 to 6 times more likely to be the victim of sexual violence. 
HOMELESSNESS AND POVERTY  Over one-third of Americans experiencing homelessness have a serious mental illness. People with serious mental illness are three times more likely to be in poverty. 
PREVENTABLE DEATHS  Having a serious mental illness is worse for someone’s health than chronic heavy smok-ing; Those with a serious mental illness die 10– 25 years prematurely; There are 43,000 suicides, and 90% of those suicides have mental illness as a contrib-uting factor; 350,000 Americans die each year as a direct or indirect result of a mental illness. 
H.R. 2646 The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, the most transformational crisis mental health reform bill in 50 years, passed the House with near unanimous support on July 16, 2016 by a vote of 422–2. Our legisla-tion delivers treatment before tragedy and fixes the problems above identified by the House investigations. The legislation: Reforms the federal government approach to mental health by establishing the criti-cally important leadership position of As-sistant Secretary for Mental Health and Sub-stance Use Disorders (who must be a doctor) to replace the Administrator of the Sub-stance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration; The Assistant Secretary will bring ac-countability, effectiveness, and coordination to the federal government’s 112 mental health programs, and develop a national strategy for increasing the mental health workforce; Increases the number of providers for SMI by supporting postdoctoral psychologists, authorizing minority fellowships, allowing doctors to volunteer at federally qualified community health centers, and provides funding for tele-mental health to increase access in underserved areas; Provides additional psychiatric hospital beds for those experiencing an acute mental health crisis and in need of short term imme-diate inpatient care for stabilization; Requires oversight and enforcement of par-ity and extends parity coverage to eating disorders; Establishes a National Mental Health Pol-icy Laboratory to set objective and scientific outcome measures for mental health spend-ing; Authorizes the Suicide Prevention Hotline; Incentivizes states to provide community- based alternatives to jails, prisons, and insti-tutionalization. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act is the product of years of collabo-ration between dedicated members of Con-gress, as well as numerous organizations, who came together to offer feedback and sug-gestions. The bill has also been endorsed by more than 40 professional organizations, 77 editorial boards and newspapers, 207 bipar-tisan Members of Congress, and hundreds of individual physicians, patients, and families. Given the urgency of the mental health crisis in America, we write with the vital re-quest that the Senate take up and pass the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act before you break for district work pe-riod. We understand the nature of the short schedule during the month of September, but we maintain that fixing our nation’s mental health system must take priority over sched-uling or any partisan divide. We know that every day more than 900 lives are lost in our nation due—directly or indirectly—to men-tal health. That translates to over 70,000 pre-ventable deaths since the House passed H.R. 2646 in July. At a time when thousands of lives are on the line, delays and politics cannot overrule compassion and common sense. We respect-fully ask you to advance this bill to provide treatment before tragedy, and H.R. 2646 will provide desperately needed, and fully de-served, help. We call on you to pass H.R. 2646 because where there is help, there is hope. Sincerely, TIMMURPHY , PhD. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , RN. f 
PROTECTING AMERICA’S BORDERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of a simple yet important piece of border security legislation that I hope to see signed into law shortly. This legislation will help to secure our borders, save taxpayer dollars, and help the men and women who have served our Nation honorably to continue to serve and protect America in much- needed, technologically advanced posi-tions. My legislation makes a simple fix that would allow the Customs and Bor-der Patrol Commissioner to waive the polygraph requirement for soon-to-be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.011 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5812 September 22, 2016 
veterans who seek employment as UAV pilots within the Department of Home-land Security who come from the De-partment of Defense with current secu-rity clearances. The DOD typically in-vests a significant amount of training and career development resources in these men and women, and to lose their talent due to a lapse in interdepart-mental communication is a detriment to our country. Under the current system, when soon-to-be veterans who are unmanned aerial vehicle, or UAV, pilots wish to apply for a UAV position at the DHS, they are placed on a wait list until more money and time is used to deter-mine if these veterans meet DHS secu-rity guidelines despite having already passed similar security background checks performed by the Department of Defense. This creates a near impossible bottleneck where veterans can be stuck for months or years in waiting on re-dundant procedures, forcing most to drop their applications and go else-where to find employment. The result of this bureaucratic ineffi-ciency is that veterans who have valu-able skills that can help protect our Nation and in whom we have invested millions of dollars in training are lost to other jobs. This leaves DHS Border Protection positions unfilled and our borders more vulnerable. The country’s security, veterans, and taxpayers all lose in this equation. This legislation works to solve three key problems by creating job opportu-nities for veterans, securing the bor-ders, and saving taxpayer dollars. It is just plain common sense, and I urge the full consideration and adoption of this measure. 
f 
A GREAT MINNESOTA LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Hormel Foods CEO Jeffrey Ettinger on his up-coming retirement. Hormel is a recognized Minnesota leader in food processing. The company started in Austin, Minnesota, in 1891 and is best known for giving us the fa-mous canned ham—Spam. Jeffrey’s career at Hormel Foods has now spanned nearly three decades. From starting out as a corporate attor-ney in 1989 to eventually becoming the CEO in 2005, Jeffrey has played a cru-cial role in Hormel’s success. Jeffrey encouraged a focus on new product in-novation, and under his leadership, Hormel has continued to grow and thrive. During his time with Hormel, Jeffrey has even been recognized as one of the world’s best CEOs by Barron’s— a true tribute to his work ethic and ex-cellence. While he is retiring as CEO, Jeffrey’s leadership at Hormel will go on, as he will continue to serve as chairman of the board. Congratulations on your retirement, Jeffrey, and thank you for all of the work you have done for Hormel Foods so that it remains a leading company in the food industry both in Minnesota and in our great country. TOP HONORS FOR ANOKA -RAMSEY COMMUNITY  
COLLEGE  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate Min-nesota’s very own Anoka-Ramsey Com-munity College, which has recently been named one of the top 10 commu-nity colleges in the United States. This placement has made Anoka-Ramsey Community College a contender for the 2017 Aspen Prize for Community Col-lege Excellence. It is no surprise to me that Anoka- Ramsey, the sole Minnesota contender to be recognized, has been chosen for this prestigious award given its stellar reputation throughout our community. This fine higher learning institution is well-known for affordable tuition, a high success rate of students who grad-uate, as well as high achievement rates for students of every ethnicity and background. A good education can open doors in life. Thank you, Anoka-Ramsey, for hand-ing our students the key. Good luck in the competition, and congratulations on your success. 
A PARENT ’S LOVE  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate Joy and Matthew Molitor, from Minnesota’s Sixth District, who received an Angels in Adoption Award this year. The Molitors’ adoption story began in 2011. While on a trip to Haiti, they decided to adopt two young children, Wilson and Catherine. For the next 3
1⁄2 years, the Molitors visited Haiti 15 times while patiently waiting to take their children home. In 2015, the Molitors received the dev-astating news that their paperwork was no longer valid and that the Hai-tian Government was no longer allow-ing simple adoptions. This did not stop them. For the next 4 months, Joy walked from one government agency to the next, despite the unstable political en-vironment in the country. She was de-termined not to leave Haiti without her children. As a result of Joy’s re-solve, she eventually retained the visas for her children, and they were able to go home to Minnesota together. Joy and Matthew Molitor are the perfect example of the lengths one will go because of a parent’s love. I am proud to recognize them today. Thank you, Joy and Matthew, and congratulations on your Angels in Adoption Award. 
CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS MONTH  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, September is Childhood Can-cer Awareness Month. It is time to bring awareness to this heartless dis-ease and to the demands and challenges of the families affected. Childhood cancer is an especially im-portant topic in our office. My deputy chief of staff, Robert Boland’s daugh-ter, Abigail, was diagnosed with retinoblastoma, which is a rare cancer that affects the eyes, when she was only 2 months old. Thankfully, Abigail survived her cancer and is a happy, growing little girl. Abigail and her par-ents are fortunate, but they, like all families who deal with childhood can-cer, had many a sleepless night. No parent should ever have to watch a child fight a life-threatening disease. Unfortunately, that is not the case for many. Every year in the United States, there are more than 15,000 children who are diagnosed with cancer. Statistics show that 80 percent of childhood can-cer cases are diagnosed only after the disease has already metastasized and spread. This makes research absolutely necessary. That is why we must spread the word and raise awareness. All children deserve a future, and it is vital that we do everything in our power to help give them that chance. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair and not to a per-ceived viewing audience. f 
RECOGNIZING RICHARD K. ‘‘DICK’’ BLAKE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, it is, in-deed, an honor and a pleasure to recog-nize the lifetime achievements of Rich-ard K. ‘‘Dick’’ Blake, who is retiring after 40 years of service on the Rockledge City Council. He is the long-est serving elected official on Florida’s east coast and is a true servant heart leader. The grandson of freed slaves, Dick Blake was one of 10 children growing up in Rockledge, Florida. He attended Cocoa’s African American Monroe High School, where he became an all-star athlete and model student. After graduating from Florida A&M University, Dick returned to Monroe High School to coach basketball and football and also to teach biology and math. While coaching during the era of segregated education, he gained state-wide notoriety as his basketball teams dominated the Florida Interscholastic Athletic Association. b1115 In fact, Dick helped pave the way for integration in Brevard County by ar-ranging exhibition basketball games, which helped to foster race relations by bringing children, families, and com-munities together under the spirit of sports competition. In so doing, he touched the lives of so many talented players and students. In 1966, Dick became the first Black assistant principal at Cocoa High School, and later became the principal, serving in that position for 22 years. A staunch believer in the power of education, Dick earned a bachelor of science degree from Claflin University, a master of science degree from Colum-bia University, and a master of science degree from Florida A&M University. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.012 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5813 September 22, 2016 
In July 2011, the city of Rockledge named a park in honor of Dick’s leg-endary accomplishments as an athlete and sports official, educator, school ad-ministrator, elected community serv-ant, and leader in civil rights and ra-cial equality issues. I have served with Dick in local gov-ernment and in many volunteer efforts over the years, and he is someone I and literally thousands and thousands of others greatly admire. Over the course of his life, he has witnessed injustice, but Dick has al-ways remained positive. Dick is the type of person that if he encountered lemons, he made lemonade. I ask my colleagues to join me in sa-luting Dick Blake’s achievements and his service to our community and our country. May God continue to bless Dick Blake and the United States of Amer-ica. 
f 
AMERICAN PHARMACISTS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize October 2016 as American Pharmacists Month. During the month of October, we recog-nize the pharmacists across America who work each day to guarantee that Americans have access to important and often lifesaving medications. As the only pharmacist in Congress, I am proud to recognize the work that pharmacists across America are doing to ensure our Nation’s health. Every day, pharmacists counsel patients on prescriptions and over-the-counter medications, helping to relieve pa-tients’ pain, and provide vaccines for a number of illnesses. Further, phar-macists are considered one of the top three most trusted professionals in America. During this month, as well as throughout the year, I encourage ev-eryone to visit your pharmacist, ask questions about your prescriptions, re-ceive advice about preventative care, and simply get to know the person who provides your medicine and helps to keep you healthy. To my fellow pharmacists, thank you for what you do. Please know your work is appreciated and you are an im-portant part of keeping our Nation healthy. It is an honor to be your voice in the United States Congress. 
REMEMBERING JACK DAVIS  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the re-markable life of Jack Davis, a beloved and brilliant cartoonist from St. Si-mons Island. Mr. Davis’ passion for cartoons began at the age of 12 when he read his first cartoon magazine. As his talent in drawing cartoons flourished, he created astonishing artwork for the University of Georgia, depicting action-packed football scenes in a very unique style. Nationally, he may have been best known for his work with MAD maga-zine and his artwork of the magazine’s star character, Alfred E. Neuman. Ex-ecutives at MAD magazine say there wasn’t anything that Jack couldn’t do. In addition, Mr. Davis designed for other companies, including DreamWorks, ESPN, Paramount Pic-tures, Indianapolis Speedway, and The Varsity drive-in in Atlanta. It is an honor to recognize Mr. Jack Davis, and I could not speak more highly of his talents. He will truly be missed by the First District of Georgia, the Bulldog Nation, and everyone who knew of him and his artistic gift. CONGRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to congratulate the University of Georgia as well as its im-pressive students, faculty, and staff. On September 12, the U.S. News and World Report ranked UGA the eight-eenth best university in America. This is clearly not an easy feat. UGA con-tinues to work tirelessly to provide the best education for its undergraduate students, and its hard work is being no-ticed. One example of UGA’s commitment to its students involves its emphasis on experienced-based learning. UGA is the Nation’s largest public university to include this type of learning in its overall curriculum. From internships and study-abroad options to research projects, the opportunities at this great university are endless. In addition to these possibilities, UGA has also strengthened its faculty and course options by adding 50 new faculty members and expanding the course selection by 300 classes in high- demand subjects. UGA has truly cre-ated a small-class experience in a very large university. Congratulations to the University of Georgia on these accomplishments, and Go Dawgs. 
CONGRATULATING MATT KUCHAR  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Matt Kuchar of St. Simons Island, Georgia. Mr. Kuchar competed in the 2016 Rio Olympics and won a bronze medal in the men’s individual golf competition. He completed his fantastic Olympic week at 13 under par with a final round of 63, describing it as the round of his life. This great week does not come sim-ply by chance for Mr. Kuchar. He has worked tirelessly over the past years to improve his game and has consist-ently been near the lead in many im-portant tournaments. In 1997, he began his stellar career as an All-American at Georgia Tech. Then in 2000, he turned to the professional ranks. In his 16 years as a pro, he has had 12 professional wins, including important tournaments such as the 2012 Players Championship, the 2013 Memorial Tour-nament, and the 2014 RBC Heritage. Mr. Kuchar’s smile and personality is an inspiration to all golfers. He is noto-riously one of the nicest players on the professional circuit. It is an honor to recognize him today. Mr. Kuchar, you made Georgia’s First Congressional District very, very proud. f 
FIDELITY INFORMATION SYSTEMS TO LAUNCH VC FINTECH ACCEL-ERATOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the important collabora-tion that is taking place in central Ar-kansas. The Venture Center in downtown Lit-tle Rock has been working with the publicly traded financial services com-pany, Fidelity Information Systems, or FIS, to launch the VC FinTech Accel-erator, a program that will bring innovators and entrepreneurs from across the world to Little Rock, where they will have formation opportunities for their early-stage organizations. They will work through a curriculum designed to engender creativity, devel-opment, and potential. Through this program, we are able to invest in the future of our State and ensure that our economy and our busi-ness environment in central Arkansas will continue to thrive and expand. I recently had the opportunity to visit The Venture Center with the gen-tlewoman from Missouri, Representa-tive A
NNWAGNER , and was impressed with the success of the center’s accel-erator program. It is providing a 12- week rigorous program to assist FinTech startups, providing them with quality business development services. Ten FinTech companies were chosen to participate in this first accelerator program, and it will relaunch in 2017. This FinTech sandbox is producing transformational opportunities for both FIS, the innovative entrepreneurs in Little Rock, and for future con-sumers of these services. While this ex-citing program has only been active for a short time, it is already proving that it has the ability to assist in our ef-forts to grow the technology economy across our region. Little Rock’s storied history and the evolution of FIS makes it a perfect site for this accelerator. I greatly appre-ciate the choice of Little Rock as the location to implement this source of future economic growth. I am grateful for the farsighted lead-ership at FIS, our chamber of com-merce leadership team, and all those involved in making this program a suc-cess for central Arkansas. 
f 
THOUSAND-YEAR FLOOD IN LOUISIANA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, August 20th of this year was a Saturday, and I was in Denham 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.013 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5814 September 22, 2016 
Springs, Louisiana. I was gutting a home, ripping out Sheetrock, tearing out floors, throwing out furniture, throwing out photo albums, appliances, and family heirlooms. Mr. Speaker, I did it in a home and literally stripped out every foot of Sheetrock in the house, from the floor to the ceiling and ripped out all the floors. Everything in the house was gutted down to the studs. This was a house where a woman, who recently retired in June or July of this year, was living. She has been liv-ing there since the early 1970s. Never has she had even a single foot of water in her house or a single inch of water in her house. Yet, on the floods that we had in south Louisiana around August 11th, this home received over 6 feet of water in the entire home, everything. Outside the house, we stacked up piles of debris from 6 to 8 feet high. I call it debris, but in reality it was memories. It was that woman’s life that was piled up in the street. Every-thing that she owned was thrown out. Mr. Speaker, we had a storm that was a 1,000-year event. We experienced over 31 inches of rain in some of the peak areas in 36 hours. To translate that to snow, you are talking about 25 feet of snow. To my friends from the North, that is what we experienced the equivalent of in just 36 hours. This is on track to be the fourth most costly flood disaster in United States history, and, again, it was a 1,000-year storm. Now, this happened in south Lou-isiana last month, but this could hap-pen anywhere. Whether it is a snow-storm, it is a blizzard, it is a tsunami, it is an earthquake, it is a tornado or it is a terrorist attack, it could happen anywhere in this country. Now, historically when these cata-strophic events have happened, the country has stepped up to provide as-sistance. Whether it is September the 11th, Hurricane Sandy, Hurricane Katrina or other disasters, the Nation has stepped up whenever these disas-ters have crossed over into cata-strophic territory. In this instance, we have had over 100,000 homes and businesses flooded. So that story I told about the home that we went in and stripped and gut-ted—one of many homes that we worked in—you can multiply that same exact scenario tens of thousands of times over. Now, in this particular case, this house is probably worth $150,000, maybe. It is probably going to cost them $80,000 to rebuild the house to get it back. It is going to cost them $30,000 to replace the car that they lost. It is going to cost them $20,000 to replace their clothes and contents of the house. Because this home is in a flood-plain—at the time when it was built, it was not, but now it is—it is going to probably cost them $100,000 to elevate that concrete slab and lift it up to the higher-base foot elevation. You can do the math. You are talking about over $200,000 just to get themselves back to where they were the day before this storm. I am going to say it again, Mr. Speaker, this is happening in south Louisiana. While the water has re-ceded, their lives remain upside down, and it is hundreds of thousands of households. This is a parochial issue to me. It is my hometown. It is my community. It is my neighbors. It is my relatives. But the next disaster, whether it is next week, next year, next month, next dec-ade, it is going to be in your town. It is going at your home. It is going to be your relatives, your neighbors. The American people need to know that when we have a catastrophic dis-aster like this, that the country is there to offer a hand up. Let me lay out this financial scenario. I talked about the $200,00 for this one home-owner, not including the other businessowners and others that are af-fected by this disaster. Because of HUD rules and some of the rules put in place by the mortgage companies, folks are going to have to make a decision on whether they are going to have their home foreclosed upon or they are going to try to get out of this financial pre-dicament that they are in by the begin-ning of November. A $2.6 billion budget request has been made to offer a hand up to these people that rescued themselves, sheltered themselves, cooked for themselves, and gutted their own homes. Now is the time for America to offer a hand up, just like we have done in the past and just like we need to let other Ameri-cans know we are going to do for them in the event of a crisis like this. Mr. Speaker, lastly I want to say this: This was somewhat unique in that the Federal interstate held 6 feet of water back, therefore, further inun-dating people. The Comite River project and other flood control projects, which the Federal Govern-ment failed to construct after 30 years, and coastal land loss also contributed to this flood disaster. Now is the time for us to act. Novem-ber, December timeframes are too late. This needs to be part of our negotia-tions right now to offer certainty and to assure Americans in the future that we are going to be there to offer them a hand up. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 29 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You fulfill Your promises day by day and lead Your people to greatness. You are the One who asks each of us to live a life worthy of our calling. By embracing the responsibilities of our station in life, each of us is to per-form our duties with humility, meek-ness, and patience with the help of Your grace. By bearing with one an-other with understanding, we are to make every effort to preserve the unity we have been given by Your Divine Providence and seek peace at every turn of events. On this day, bless the Members of this people’s House with a surfeit of grace, that good policy might emerge to the benefit of our Nation. Also, on this day, comfort all who mourn the passing of one of our most beloved House staffers, Jacqui Ellis. May she rest in peace. May all that is done today be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. A
SHFORD ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. ASHFORD led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE VILLAGE OF KEY BISCAYNE ON ITS 25TH AN-NIVERSARY (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the 25th an-niversary of one of Florida’s most beautiful communities, the Village of Key Biscayne. Incorporated in 1991, this majestic barrier island paradise is located be-tween the Atlantic Ocean and Biscayne Bay and is centered between two beau-tiful parks to the north and the south. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.014 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5815 September 22, 2016 
Although small in size, the Village of Key Biscayne is a proud, tight-knit community of islanders filled with a mix of longtime locals, business lead-ers, professionals, as well as inter-national visitors and residents. In celebration of its founding, the city and its residents, or key rats as they like to call themselves, will join together this Saturday, September 24, for the anniversary gala. I am truly honored to represent this south Florida treasure, and ask my congressional colleagues to join me in congratulating the Village of Key Bis-cayne residents on this momentous oc-casion. The Village of Key Biscayne, is-land paradise, indeed. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN SODORO (Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional life of John Sodoro, a lifelong resident of my hometown, Omaha, Nebraska. John was a respected lawyer and a loving father, grandfather, and hus-band. Many in the community knew him for his congenial personality and compassion for his clients. Before following his father’s foot-steps in the legal profession, John graduated from Creighton Prep, and later, in true Omaha fashion, he earned his undergraduate and law degree from Creighton University. Over the course of his career, John made a difference in the lives of many, successfully helping his clients through a wide variety of difficult times. The Omaha community has lost a great man and true public servant. May his work be remembered and his life al-ways celebrated. My thoughts and prayers go out to the Sodoro family. 
f 
OUR NATION FACES AN INCREAS-ING THREAT OF TERRORISM (Mr. HOLDING asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, the re-cent attacks in New York, New Jersey, and Minnesota all underscore the in-creasing threat our Nation faces from terrorism. The House Homeland Security Com-mittee just reported that already this year, individuals have been arrested in 13 different States for some connection to terrorism, and there have already been 30 ISIS-linked plots in the United States. Mr. Speaker, as events in Paris and Brussels demonstrate, this is not a challenge we face alone. Across the world, terrorism is on the rise. Just this past weekend, an Indian Army base near Pakistan was attacked by heavily armed militants who killed 18 soldiers. Our two nations, the United States and India, have worked closely to combat terrorism, and, more than ever, we must increase those counter-terrorism efforts with our partners in India and elsewhere. Mr. Speaker, we must be honest about the evolving terror threat in front of us and confront this challenge with strong leadership and unwavering resolve. f 
DEMS ARE THE FACTS (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, most modern busi-nesses today use metrics to help them establish best practices. So I offer this chart based on the published, peer-reviewed research of two respected Princeton economists, Dr. Blinder and Dr. Watson, that reveal some very important metrics and measures. It shows the annual growth of the U.S. economy for each Presi-dential term going all the way back to World War II. Democratic Presidents are in blue, and Republicans are in red. So whether it is 7
1⁄2years where President Obama outperforms the economy of his prede-cessor or 70 years, as you can see, there is a huge difference between how the economy performs between a Repub-lican v. a Democratic President. In fact, going back 16 Presidential terms, the economy does significantly better by almost every measure under Democratic administrations. So, as President John Adams fa-mously said: ‘‘Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our . . . inclinations . . . they cannot alter the . . . facts . . . ’’ And the fact is, the blue, the Demo-crats, do better than the Republicans on the economy when a Democrat is President. 
f 
CHAIRMAN RANDY FORBES HAS MADE A DIFFERENCE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that, in my service, I began as a member of the unique class of 2001. These were Mem-bers elected in special elections that year, including now-U.S. Senator J
OHN B
OOZMAN , along with chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, R
ANDY FORBES , and chairman of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, J
EFFMILLER , both of whom are com-pleting their House service this year. Since being elected to the House, Chairman R
ANDY FORBES has been a crucial member on the House Judiciary Committee and the House Armed Serv-ices Committee, where he serves as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces. He also founded the Congressional Prayer Caucus, promoting religious freedom worldwide. I have been privileged to work along with Chairman RANDY FORBES during our service in Congress. He is a true ad-vocate for peace through strength and has been a leading voice on defense and national security issues. A Trump ad-ministration would have a dynamic Secretary of the Navy. I am grateful for the successful serv-ice of Chairman F
ORBES . He and his wife, Shirley, have served the citizens of Virginia’s Fourth Congressional Dis-trict with honor, making a difference for American families. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September 11th, in the global war on terrorism. Our sympathy to the people of India. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE BUFFALO NIAGARA RIVERKEEPER (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Buffalo Niagara Riverkeeper, and its executive direc-tor, Jill Jedlicka, winner of the Thiess International Riverprize awarded by the International River Foundation. As Buffalo’s industrial economy faded, we were left with a river so pol-luted that the Environmental Protec-tion Agency declared that the Buffalo River was biologically dead and eco-logically destroyed. So western New Yorkers decided to do something about it. They formed the Friends of the Buffalo River, which became the first organization to re-ceive Federal authority and funding to manage a remediation project in the Great Lakes. Now, thanks to the Riverkeeper, the Buffalo River has come back to life, with over $80 million in private invest-ment as Buffalonians reclaim their land at the water’s edge. I congratulate the Riverkeeper on this recognition, and I thank it for the legacy it has left to our community, one of the greatest environmental suc-cess stories in Western New York’s his-tory. 
f 
NOT ANOTHER DOLLAR TO IRAN (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Prohib-iting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act, the House’s legislative response to the administration’s shady cash trans-fer to the Iranian regime; a cash trans-fer resulting in the release of American hostages, which the administration de-nies was a ransom but acknowledges the cash was used as leverage. The American people are much smarter than that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.015 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5816 September 22, 2016 
Either way the administration or media try to spin it, a ransom was paid. For years and years, the United States Government has held a long-standing policy of not paying ransom for prisoners, but our legacy has quick-ly diminished. The President continues to invest our trust and money into Iran, a coun-try that is the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. Why in the world is our President rewarding Iran for its bad behavior? This cash transaction sets a dan-gerous precedent for Americans abroad and our national security. I won’t stand for this type of deceit by our Commander-in-Chief. That is why I urge my colleagues to support and pass the Prohibiting Future Ransom Pay-ments to Iran Act. The name of the bill says it all. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE HISTORIC SEASON OF THE BALTIMORE ORACLES (Mr. SARBANES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the historic season of the Baltimore Oracles, my staff’s congressional softball team and the victors of the 2016 Congressional Softball League championship. I was going to bring the trophy down, but it is much too big and much too heavy to carry. Mr. Speaker, the Oracles vanquished their opponents this season, achieving an astounding 19–1 record. Led by co-captains Peter Gelman and Katie Teleky, and shadow-captain Raymond O’Mara, the team was a perfect blend of stout defense and potent offense. Mike Pulver, Anna Killius, Paul Kincaid, and Lucinda Lessley held down the infield, while Andy Allen, Max Frankel, Brian Kaissi, and Zach Weber roamed the outfield. Big bats littered the lineup, but the batters were always ready to oblige the team’s heart and soul, Tim O’Neil, and hit just a single. Other contributors integral to the team’s success include Kate and Adri-enne Star, Evan Horn, Jake Barr, Will Pisano, Julia Kandel-Krieger, James Howard, Becky O’Mara, Alex Bond, and Winston, the team’s ever-chipper mas-cot. Mr. Speaker, the Baltimore Oracles are champions, and that is truly world class. 
f 
IMPLEMENTING THE VETERANS CHOICE PROGRAM (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, more than a year ago, Congress passed and the President signed into law an over-haul of veterans’ health care. The Vet-erans Choice Program nominally gave our Nation’s veterans more health pro-vider and service options. However, de-spite having more than a year to im-plement it, local VA facilities are re-fusing to work with new providers to get veterans the care they need. The VA claims its hands are tied, but by what? Through the Veterans Choice Pro-gram, the men and women who have served our country are entitled to vital home care services that are critical to follow-up care and medication adher-ence assistance, especially for disabled veterans and those without access to transportation. My conversations with the VA have yielded only excuses. Our vets deserve results. I ask again, how many veterans are waiting for physician visits? How can the VA sit on its hands while our Na-tion’s veterans wait and suffer? I ask my colleagues to join me. Let’s be a voice for our veterans and demand the VA give these heroes access to and reimbursement for the care they need and deserve. f 
b1215 PRESERVING CASTNER RANGE (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 110th anni-versary of the Antiquities Act, 100 years of our National Park Service, and to thank our current President and administration for doing more than any administration before them to strengthen these two assets that we have in our country. But I also ask this administration to set the standard for the next 100 years to ensure that public places like Castner Range in El Paso, Texas, fully tell the national story of the first Americans who were here more than 8,000 years ago who left their impres-sions of this great land and to ensure that every American has the chance to enter our public lands like the fourth and fifth graders at Collins Elementary who, under the direction of Mrs. Guay, left their impressions of Castner Range. This is a class that is 93 percent Mexican American, 75 percent below the poverty line, and precisely the pop-ulation that we want to see in our na-tional lands and public parks going for-ward. Preserving Castner Range forever is a means to set the stage for the next 100 years of success for our national parks and our national lands. 
f 
CELEBRATING UNC CHARLOTTE’S 70TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. HUDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte as we commemorate its 70th anniversary. I am proud to be among the 122,000 living alumni of UNC Charlotte and to be the first elected to Congress, though I am sure I won’t be the last. My alma mater was founded by the visionary Bonnie Cone in the wake of the Second World War as a service to returning veterans pursuing higher education. The lasting legacy that con-tinues to guide the university is best expressed in one word, ‘‘opportunity.’’ Opportunity characterizes the fu-tures being built each day on campus. Opportunity describes the powerful economic impact this university has on one of the Nation’s fastest growing re-gions. UNC Charlotte has grown into its distinctive role as a research uni-versity in areas like big data, energy, and cancer prevention, focused clearly on the opportunities and needs of the future. Mr. Speaker, while still a relatively young university, UNC Charlotte is one of the leading American universities of the 21st century. I am pleased on behalf of the university family and all of Niner Nation to say the future is ours. Go Niners. f 
REMEMBERING JACQUI ELLIS (Mr. AL GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, the members of the Ninth Congres-sional District are in mourning this morning. We are saddened by the pass-ing of our Chief of Staff, Ms. Jacqui Ellis. Mr. Speaker, she was more than a Chief of Staff. She was one of my dearest and closest friends. She was a mentor to many of the people on the Hill and especially those who worked with her in my congressional office. She made a difference in the lives of people. She was there to be of assist-ance to those who needed help. And 1 minute will never give me enough time to express the love, the affection, and to thank all of the many people who have given their condolences and their sympathies, so we will have a Special Order next week at which Members of the House will be permitted to come to the floor, and we will make our com-ments then. But I do want to say this: she met the measure of life that Ruth Smeltzer called to our attention: 
Some measure their lives by days and years, Others by heartthrobs, passions, and tears. But the surest measure under God’s sun Is what in your lifetime for others you’ve done. 
Jacqui, we love you, and we thank you for what you have done for others in your lifetime. We know that while physically you are not with us, spir-itually you will always be with us. God bless you. 
f 
HELP PREVENT VETERAN SUICIDE (Mr. TIPTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.017 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5817 September 22, 2016 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, Colorado is home to over 400,000 of our Nation’s veterans—men and women who have fought to protect our freedom in con-flicts around the world. These men and women are often some of the most re-spected individuals in our commu-nities, which makes it easy to overlook that they may be struggling to transi-tion back into civilian life at the end of their service. A study from the Department of Vet-erans Affairs found that 22 veterans tragically end their lives by suicide each day. This is a shocking and heart-breaking statistic. September is National Suicide Pre-vention Awareness Month and a time when everyone can learn about helping to prevent veteran suicide. In our com-munities, we can all work to make sure that no veteran ever feels like suicide is their only option. I am honored to represent a district that works so hard to make sure our veterans are taken care of when they return home, and I am committed to advancing policies to ensure that we honor and serve the men and women who have so honorably served our country. The next time you run into a veteran in the community, take a minute to let them know that you appreciate their service. None of us may ever know how far a thank-you may go in a person’s life and what a big difference that could mean. 
f 
NATIONAL SECURITY, HEALTH, AND SAFETY (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, the last few months have been a rather frustrating time for many of us in Congress as well as the American people. We first broke for some 7 weeks—the longest break from Congress in the modern era. We left without doing any-thing on Zika, without addressing our opioid epidemic in this country, and without doing anything for the fami-lies of Flint who have been suffering with their water for many years now. Probably one of the most striking moments I have had as a Member here for the last year and a half was when the families from Flint came in front of the Oversight and Government Re-form Committee—the committee on which I serve—and talked about how they have been affected by this water crisis. What response have they gotten so far from Congress, from the people’s House? Nothing. Zero. Instead, we went off for 7 weeks. Now here we are about to break again without addressing Flint, with-out doing anything about the Zika cri-sis and the other challenges we are fac-ing, not to mention our gun violence problem that many of us gathered right here on the House floor to ad-dress. It is time that we act now, and we should not break until we have ad-dressed these problems. f 
TRUST IN MEDIA FALLS TO HISTORIC LOWS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Americans’ trust in the media has hit a historic low, according to a recent Gal-lup poll. Gallup found that only 32 per-cent of Americans have a great deal or even fair amount of confidence in the media to present the news fully, accu-rately, and fairly. This represents an 8 point drop from just a year ago. It also is the lowest level of trust in the media that Gallup has ever recorded since it first asked the question 46 years ago. Republicans’ trust in media has dropped from 32 percent a year ago to 14 percent today. This is ‘‘easily the lowest confidence among Republicans in 20 years,’’ says Gallup. Trust in the media among Democrats and Independ-ents fell as well. The historic distrust of the media will continue until the media stops telling Americans what to think. 
f 
ERADICATING BREAST CANCER (Mr. BLUM asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1197, the Accel-erating the End of Breast Cancer Act. I lost my father to cancer when he was just 52 years old, so finding cures for all types of cancer is personal for me. In Iowa alone, there will be ap-proximately 2,200 new cases of breast cancer this year, resulting in about 400 unnecessary deaths. We must do more to cure this disease. By passing this bill and setting a goal of eradicating breast cancer by 2020, we have a chance to make a real difference for women and their fami-lies. I would also like to recognize my constituents, Christine Carpenter and Lori Seawel, for their selfless volun-teer efforts to support this issue. I encourage my colleagues in the House to support and pass this bipar-tisan legislation. 
f 
PEDIATRIC CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the month of September as Pediatric Can-cer Awareness Month. Pediatric cancer is the leading cause of disease-related deaths for children in the United States—43 are diagnosed with cancer every day. While many adult cancers can be di-agnosed early, pediatric cancers are more difficult to detect. In 80 percent of children, the cancer will have al-ready spread to other parts of the body by the time of diagnosis. For the children who do survive, their battle doesn’t end. Ninety-five percent of childhood cancer survivors will develop chronic health conditions. Despite these facts, only 4 percent of the National Cancer Institute’s funding goes toward pediatric cancer. Since 1990, only 10 drugs have been developed to treat pediatric cancer, compared to over 200 for adults. My friend, Jonny Wade, is one of the many faces of pediatric cancer. Last Christmas Eve, his year-long battle with brain cancer tragically ended, but our fight to eradicate this disease has only begun. Mr. Speaker, his parents, John and Kimberly Wade, sat in the gallery right in front of me when the President talked about his moonshot to eradicate cancer. Mr. Speaker, 4 percent is not enough. I will continue to fight to get more than 4 percent, not for Jonny, but for his wish that no other kid should have cancer. f 
MATT AND SHERYL MOHR: ANGELS IN ADOPTION (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize a remarkable couple, Matt and Sheryl Mohr from Hudson, as Angels in Adoption from Michigan’s Seventh Congressional District. I had the privilege of visiting with Matt and Sheryl yesterday, and their love and compassion for vulnerable children is truly moving. In the past 6 years, the Mohrs have opened their hearts and home to 26 foster children. Along with their five biological chil-dren, they have also adopted five chil-dren and are in the process of adopting two more. That will make a total of 12 children. When asked what led them to begin fostering and adopting, Sheryl said: ‘‘I felt that I had a lot more love to give away.’’ Wow. Through their big hearts and unconditional love, Matt and Sheryl have forever changed the lives of so many children in Lenawee County. They are angels to the children they parent and incredibly deserving of this award. 
f 
PROHIBITING RANSOM PAYMENTS TO IRAN (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.019 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5818 September 22, 2016 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5931, legisla-tion prohibiting future ransom pay-ments to Iran. In the midst of a global war on ter-ror, it should be common sense that the United States of America should not be sending untraceable pallets of cash on an airplane to the leading state sponsor of terrorism. Apparently it isn’t, though, because that is exactly what happened and what this adminis-tration engaged in. We know now that $1.7 billion in cash was given to Iran in exchange for the release of prisoners, violating Amer-ica’s longstanding policy against ran-som payments. Predictably, this administration has admitted that it cannot guarantee that this money did not go to fund current or future terrorism by Iran. In addi-tion, all of this was done in secret, lacking transparency with the Amer-ican people. Today the House is taking action to end this practice. H.R. 5931 prohibits any cash payments to Iran regardless of the rationale or reasoning behind it. It also ensures the American people will be notified if a President ever at-tempts this sort of deal again. America cannot be a country that sends cash to countries that fund ter-rorism. Period. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LOWE’S HEROES IN SYKESVILLE, JEFFERSON COUNTY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of a group of men and women from the Fifth Congressional District of Penn-sylvania who recently volunteered their time and talents to help improve their community. Lowe’s Heroes is a companywide vol-unteer program for Lowe’s that gives employees a chance to volunteer for local community improvement projects. In return, Lowe’s provides the material and manpower to make those projects happen. Just last week, men and women from the DuBois Lowe’s store volunteered to help build a centerpiece for a town square project in Sykesville, a commu-nity only a handful of miles away from the store’s location. This is a long-awaited project in the community to transform a vacant lot into a beautiful park for community events and a place for people from across the community to gather. In addition to the contributions of the Lowe’s Heroes, the store is also do-nating the decorative and structural blocks for the town square’s center-piece, along with lighting for the area. These men and women represent the best of what small towns across the United States represent. I commend them for their selfless efforts. b1230 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5931, PROHIBITING FU-TURE RANSOM PAYMENTS TO IRAN ACT, AND WAIVING A RE-QUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(A) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS REPORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the House Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 879 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 879 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5931) to pro-vide for the prohibition on cash payments to the Government of Iran, and for other pur-poses. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Foreign Affairs now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-64. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules ac-companying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. Any Mem-ber may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. S
EC. 2. The requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII for a two-thirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution re-ported through the legislative day of Sep-tember 27, 2016, relating to a measure mak-ing or continuing appropriations for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The gentleman from Ala-bama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 879 allows for the consideration of H.R. 5931, the Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act. The rule makes in order all five amend-ments submitted to the Rules Com-mittee. The rule also provides author-ity for the House to expeditiously con-sider a continuing resolution. On June 24, 2015, President Obama stood in the Roosevelt Room of the White House and said: ‘‘I am reaffirm-ing that the United States Government will not make concessions, such as pay-ing ransom, to terrorist groups holding American hostages.’’ This position shouldn’t have been surprising. It has long been the posi-tion of the U.S. Government to not pay ransoms to terrorist organizations, for doing so only encourages further kidnappings and puts more American lives at risk. Despite this reassurance from Presi-dent Obama, on January 17, 2016, an un-marked cargo plane landed at a Euro-pean airport. On this plane were wood-en pallets stacked with unmarked for-eign currency—$400 million worth, to be exact. Who was waiting at the airport to ac-cept this money? The Islamic Republic of Iran. On that exact same day, several Americans who had been held prisoner in Iran were released. That, Mr. Speak-er, is a ransom payment. Since then, we have learned that the full U.S. payment to Iran totaled $1.7 billion. The money was related to a decades-old dispute about an Iranian arms sale. There are a lot of con-cerning issues at play here. First, by giving money to Iran, the United States is supporting the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. Iran uses their money and resources to sup-port groups like Hezbollah, Hamas, and other radical terrorist groups in Iraq, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. Iran is no friend of the United States, and their efforts have resulted in the deaths of U.S. citizens and servicemembers. So why in the world is the United States sending them cash payments in the first place? Second, the United States should never pay a ransom. I know they claim 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.020 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5819 September 22, 2016 
that the $1.7 billion payment was a ‘‘settlement,’’ but let’s get real here for a minute. The payment was made on the exact same day the Americans were released. Let’s look in the dictionary for just a moment. ‘‘Ransom’’ is defined as ‘‘a sum of money or other payment de-manded or paid for the release of a prisoner.’’ That is exactly what hap-pened here. Iran knows it was a ransom payment. An Iranian general was quoted as say-ing that, ‘‘the money was returned for the freedom of the U.S. spy, and it was not related to the nuclear negotia-tions.’’ So Iran knows it was a ransom. The American people know it was a ran-som. Well, how about the State Depart-ment? When pushed on this topic by the media, a State Department spokes-man said that it wasn’t ransom but, rather, ‘‘leverage.’’ What is the dif-ference? The American prisoners in Iran were not released until the cash payments occurred. You could try to hide the truth by calling it ‘‘leverage’’ or a ‘‘coincidence,’’ but the fact is this payment was a ransom. Just ask the Obama Justice Depart-ment. Press reports indicate that As-sistant Attorney General John Carlin raised the concern that the cash pay-ment to Iran would send a signal to Iran and the world that the U.S. had changed its ransom policy. This isn’t some radical conspiracy theory we are talking about here. This is the exact same concern raised by the Justice De-partment under President Obama—the people he appointed. Since this ransom payment occurred, Iran has detained several more foreign citizens, including Americans, French, British, and Canadians. Sadly, I expect our Iranian friends are already making their ransom demands. The third major concern I have is that the payments were clearly done in a way to hide them from the American public. The payments were made in cash. According to an international body responsible for combating money laundering, known as the Financial Ac-tion Task Force, the ‘‘physical trans-portation of currency’’ is ‘‘one of the main methods used to move criminal assets, launder money, and finance ter-rorism.’’ If this whole ordeal was public and on the up-and-up, then why did the U.S. make this payment in cash? The Obama administration originally said that the payment had to be in cash because financial sanctions pre-vent us from engaging in wire transfers with Iranian banks. Well, it turns out that isn’t true. In fact, on at least two occasions, the U.S. has made wire transfers to the Iranian Government. According to Politico, in July 2015, the U.S. sent Iran approximately $848,000 to settle a claim over architec-tural drawings. The wire transfers didn’t stop there though. The U.S. wired Iran almost $10 million in April of this year to pay for 32 metric tons of heavy water. Here is another issue with the cash payments. Iran has a track record of money laundering, and making cash payments will result in it being even harder to track their illicit activity. Cash does not have an electronic signa-ture, so the money could eventually be-come untraceable. This will make it al-most impossible for law enforcement and intelligence agencies to track where the money is going. In other words, the cash could be transferred to a group like Hamas or Hezbollah and the United States may never know. This is deeply troubling. So, Mr. Speaker, this legislation makes one thing crystal clear. The United States Government is not in the business of paying ransom. Specific to Iran, the legislation will prohibit fu-ture cash payments to Iran until the nation stops sponsoring terrorism and is no longer involved in money laun-dering. To boost transparency and account-ability, the legislation also requires 30- day congressional notification and re-view of any future settlements related to the U.S.-Iran Claims Tribunal. This way Congress will have an opportunity to review any future payments instead of them being secretly executed in the dark of night. Ultimately, the United States cannot continue to give in to Iran. Whether it is their nuclear program or their kid-napping of U.S. citizens, we simply cannot keep making deals with Iran in which the Ayatollah benefits and the American people suffer. We need to stop empowering Iran and, instead, start weakening them. We must stop giving in to Iran and start standing up to Iran. By putting our foot down, the American people and our allies in the Middle East will be safer and stronger. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 879, so we can move forward with consideration of this important bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes for debate. I rise today in opposition to the rule. Let’s not parse words. This bill is a Republican attempt to politicize the recent payment by the United States to the Government of Iran. The legislation equates the payment, which was made as part of a settlement of a 35-year-old dispute before the United States-Iran Claims Tribunal, as ransom. It prohibits any future pay-ments. And I might add, Iran has 200 claims before the tribunal at this time, and all of the American claims have been settled before the same Algiers Accords tribunal. It prohibits any fu-ture payments to the Iranian Govern-ment and requires the President to submit to Congress a report listing and evaluating outstanding claims before the tribunal. Mr. Speaker, let’s get something straight. The payment to Iran was not ransom, and anyone who suggests it was is just trying to score some polit-ical points in the limited time we have left in Washington. The payment was part of a legal settlement to a long-standing 35-year dispute. It was money owed to the Iranian Government by the American Government, and the trans-fer was simply our government meet-ing its obligations. As I indicated earlier, it may surprise those watching at home to learn that the tribunal has awarded roughly $2.5 billion to American citizens in the past. I understand that there are many in Congress concerned by the loosening of sanctions on Iran. I am one of them. As one of the few Democrats to publicly oppose the Iran deal, I know that Iran is, without question, not our friend, a state sponsor of terrorism, and I don’t think you will find anyone in this body who denies this. But I am concerned by the trend we are seeing with individuals actively trying to undermine the deal rather than working to ensure it is made stronger and enact it with intended ef-fect. It is similar to the actions—I for-get the number, up in the sixties—that my Republican friends have attempted to do something about the Affordable Care Act. It has problems. The ques-tion is what are we going to do about it, because the American people need to have health care. b1245 What we would rather do is repeal what exists. Don’t replace it with any-thing, but make political arguments that it needs to be replaced. We are doing something very similar here. Rather than making this Iran deal stronger, we are continuing to do what we can to undermine it. The bill we are discussing today is a stark ex-ample of this and is an attempt to un-dermine the deal rather than to strengthen it. The bill, if enacted, would hamstring us in the future as more than 1,000 Ira-nian claims before the tribunal have yet to be resolved. Prohibiting any type of future payment to the Iranian Government—and sort of as an aside, it is unfortunate, in this world that we live in, that we have to do business with bad people. I served on the Intel-ligence Committee when $2 billion walked off in Iraq, and we still haven’t had accountability about that, but let’s don’t get too far off the track. The fact of the matter is, the bill does all of these things in order to prop up the false premise that the United States paid Iran ransom. This is just plain wrong, and it is a waste of our time. Mr. Speaker, I am concerned, as I have often been throughout this Con-gress, that partisan measures such as this one are distracting our attention from measures that we absolutely must pass, including today. There are just 7 legislative days left until we break for another 44-day recess, and that is after the Republicans shut down Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.022 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5820 September 22, 2016 
for the longest summer recess in mod-ern history. It gives the term ‘‘do-noth-ing Congress’’ a whole new meaning. Once we recess next week, unless we do something different, we will leave Washington until after the election. Yet, as of today, despite considerable bipartisan concern, we haven’t gotten a clean Zika research funding bill, and we haven’t gotten a bill on gun vio-lence—not a word on the subject except to threaten Democrats with punish-ment for protesting this body’s uncon-scionable inaction on the subject. We haven’t talked about flood relief for Louisiana. We haven’t gotten a bill on the water crisis in Flint, and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) will address that in a few minutes. We are still dealing with an opioid epi-demic. Let me underscore that again. We are dealing with an opioid epidemic in this country that is killing our chil-dren all over this Nation, and we have not done anything about it. The appropriations process has come to a complete standstill. That is why we are out of here tonight. We are going to try to figure out what we are going to do to discharge our respon-sibilities that are scheduled for Octo-ber 1; so we will be here next week. All of those out there in Congress who don’t know it, we will be here. We will be fiddling around. We will be doing suspensions. We will be doing one- House measures until the thing comes together, and it will. We will be threat-ened with ‘‘we will keep you here until Saturday, or we will keep you here until Christmas.’’ It goes on and on, kicking the can down the road. House Republicans continue to ig-nore their responsibilities to the Amer-ican people and waste time on partisan, go-nowhere bills—just like the one we have here today—while Americans are forced to face critical public health emergencies alone. In fact, in each pub-lic health crisis before America, House Republicans have chosen to obstruct the meaningful action and resources that are needed to save lives. On the subject of Zika, this month, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will run out of resources to fight the virus. More than 21,000 Ameri-cans have confirmed cases of Zika; yet Republican inaction has forced the CDC to divert research funding away from other diseases. They have had to take money out of the Ebola account, and Ebola has not gone away. They are taking money out of the flu account and out of the tuberculosis account, and those are not going away at any point in time. They are taking cancer research money in order to keep its Zika research program going, which is an immediate crisis. It is not just a Florida thing or a Central America or a South America thing. There are 22,000 Americans who have this virus, and the Aedes aegypti mosquito is not the only one that is carrying this virus. This has been researched since 2009. It didn’t just start yesterday, and it is not going to end tomorrow, but some-thing needs to be done today about this particular crisis. I quote CDC Director Tom Frieden. The Republican co-chair of the Florida delegation and I had a hearing of our Florida delegation, and Mr. Frieden came to testify before us. He said: ‘‘We are out of money, and we need Con-gress to act.’’ I am not sure how much more plainly it can be said. We need a clean bill that provides adequate funding. Let’s stop playing games with the lives of women and infants and of the people in general who have contracted this virus. It has now shown that it can affect the men-tal stability of adults. Mr. Speaker, we have some serious issues to tackle; so I am dismayed to be on the floor today focusing on yet another messaging bill. There will be headlines tomorrow. Members will go back home to their districts and will talk about ‘‘we stopped Obama and any future President from paying ransom money.’’ It was not ransom in the first place—it was Iran’s money. The pris-oners who were released would have been released. Had we done it a month earlier, I wonder if they would have called it a ransom. Had we done it a month later, I wonder if they would have called it a ransom. Yet this mes-saging bill comes here. I hope that my colleagues across the aisle, in the final week before we leave Washington, will let us address just some of the things that I mentioned. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ). Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, the Obama administration admitted to transferring $1.3 billion in cash to Iran after delivering a $400 mil-lion cash payment on the same day that Iran released American prisoners. The Obama administration tried to walk back its actions by calling the first cash payment leverage, but the American people, frankly, know better. The cash payment to Iran was a ran-som payment—I repeat, a ransom pay-ment to Iran—plain and simple. Let’s get one thing straight here: Iran is our enemy. It is not our friend. Iran is the enemy of our most impor-tant allies in the region and not their friend. Iran’s leadership has publicly promised to wipe out America and to wipe out Israel—right off the map. Those are not the words of a friend. Iran imprisons American citizens and taunts our Navy every single day. That is not a friend. Iran is one of only three nations our Department of State clas-sifies as a ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism.’’ Whether it is the Obama administra-tion’s refusal to utter the phrase ‘‘rad-ical Islam’’ or the word ‘‘ransom,’’ it has tried time and again to deceive the American people with its policies that have ultimately made America less safe. As the increasingly popular say-ing goes: our friends no longer trust us, and our enemies no longer fear us. It is time for Congress to step in and block future cash payments to Iran. As an original cosponsor of this bill, I urge my colleagues to support the Prohib-iting Future Payments to Iran Act. In God we trust. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. If this had been ransom, there is a person whom Iran has held prisoner and about whom Iran has denied a lack of information to the family—Robert Levinson, who has been in Iran for 9 years. I just can’t imagine that a ran-som agreement or the meeting of a de-mand would not have included informa-tion about Robert Levinson. That would be, in my considered opinion, the height of ridiculousness; therefore, the obviousness of leaving Mr. Levinson out of what would be a proposed ran-som strikes me as being strange. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up comprehensive legislation that pro-vides the resources that are needed to help the families of Flint, Michigan, recover from the lead drinking water crisis. Mr. Speaker, the children and fami-lies of Flint are facing lifelong damage as a result of lead exposure. It is long past time that this Congress acted. We have an opportunity right now to bring up legislation that would ensure the people of Flint will receive clean drink-ing water and to provide health and educational support for the children who are affected by the crisis. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, a champion, among the champions of people who are here in Congress, is D
AN K
ILDEE . I had the privilege of serving with his uncle for a substantial portion of my career. I had the privilege—and I have spoken with Dan about this—to visit with his uncle before this par-ticular crisis of Flint’s and to discuss the plight of the people in Flint and Pontiac and that general area. In this particular instance, I hope we don’t hear from people that this isn’t germane. This is the Democrats’ mo-tion to recommit, and Republicans who care about the lead exposure that these children and families have been ex-posed to in Flint can simply vote for the motion to recommit, and we will be able to address this subject. I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Flint, Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. KILDEE. I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ) for yield-ing and for all of his advocacy on be-half of the people of my community and, also, of the many forgotten people across the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.024 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5821 September 22, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the previous question in order to bring up a vote to finally help the people of my hometown of Flint, Michigan. In 2 days, it will have been 1 year since Dr. Mona Hanna-Attisha released the results of her research that showed that blood levels of the children in Flint showed significantly elevated levels of lead—that the water that they had been drinking had poisoned them. A year later, here we stand. This Congress has not yet acted to provide any relief to a community that is fac-ing the greatest crisis—the greatest disaster—of its history. It has been a year since it was known that that water was too dangerous to drink. Members in this body have heard me speak about this before. It has been 2 years since, actually, the water con-tained lead. It took that long for the information, finally, to come to light; yet Congress has continuously failed to act. We have a way to get this done. I just ask my Republican colleagues in the House to step out of the way and allow the bipartisan legislation that has passed the Senate to have a vote so that it may be included in the legisla-tion that this body is considering. The House can do so by following the Sen-ate’s lead, which passed legislation to provide relief to Flint by a vote of 95– 3. Let me just make this clear: the United States Senate voted 95–3 to pro-vide support for the people of Flint— and yet nothing here in this House. b1300 We have an opportunity with the continuing resolution to include that language in the continuing resolution and help the people of my hometown, again, people who yet today cannot drink their water without fear that it will poison them. This is a fully paid-for provision. There was always debate about wheth-er we should be able to spend in case of emergency without having an offset. In this case, we have an offset. So the ar-gument has to be that the people of Flint simply don’t deserve to have their Federal Government act in their moment of greatest need. I know from conversations that I have had with Members on both sides of the aisle that that cannot be the case. I have had all sorts of expressions of sympathy. Many Members of Congress have traveled to Flint, Democrats and Republicans, and have expressed to me on an almost daily basis that they wish there was something they could do to help those poor folks. Well, you know what? Sympathy expresses sentiment, but it doesn’t provide clean drinking water for the people of my hometown. We have a chance to act. Now, when this came before this body, this Congress, in the form of hearings in the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform and the Committee on Energy and Commerce, many of my Republican colleagues— virtually every member of the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee—spoke up and said what a shame it was that the Federal Govern-ment played a role in the crisis that Flint is facing, that the Federal Gov-ernment bore some responsibility. Now, we can argue about how much responsibility lands at the State. I think the majority of the responsi-bility is the State’s, but I would agree that this is failure at every level of government. My Republican colleagues went so far as to call for a Cabinet member of the President to resign be-cause the Federal responsibility was so great that a member of the President’s Cabinet should step down because it was the Federal Government who bore responsibility, in part. Suddenly, when it is time to actually do something to help the people of Flint, what do we have? All of a sud-den, the narrative changes. All of a sudden, what was a Federal problem with clear Federal accountability and responsibility, universally dem-onstrated by my friends on the other side of the aisle, when it comes time to take up a paid-for piece of legislation that will not increase the deficit but will help these poor folks who cannot drink their water, what do we get? Shuffling of their feet. Stunned silence. Nothing. Nothing. Shame. Shame. What would you do if it was your hometown? What would you do if it was your community? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, you know what you would do. You would step to the floor of this House and you would make sure every single day you fought to get help for your community. One of the first votes I cast when I came here was to help the victims of a storm that was nowhere near my home, and I was proud to do it because they were Americans who happened to be in need. What is it about Flint? What is it about the people of Flint? Answer me. What is it that separates them, that has them in a position where their Fed-eral Government can’t come to their aid? When they can’t drink the water, when the water that comes from their tap is poison and we have a chance to do something about it without increas-ing the Federal deficit with an offset that is already identified, I hear noth-ing. I hear nothing from the leadership of this House that gives any indication that the people of Flint matter at all. Shame. Shame. We ought to act, and we ought to do it now—not maybe 3 months from now, not, ‘‘Oh, Flint, maybe we will get you in the next bill or maybe the next piece of legislation.’’ Shame. We should bring it up now. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. We are here today to talk about a bill that would address yet another foreign policy and national security failure by the Obama administration. The other issues that have been brought up are important issues, but that is not what we are talking about today in this rule. The gentleman from Michigan knows probably far better than I do that there are a number of people around here working on the Flint issue. We could have a bill on the floor of this House as early as next week. That is certainly my hope and the hope of a lot of other people. I am not privy to all of what is going on there, but I understand that may be coming. That is not what we are here about today. It is not unusual for me to stand up here when I am managing one of these rules and hear our friends on the other side want to bring up everything other than the topic of what is in the rule be-cause they don’t want to talk about the foreign policy and national secu-rity failures of the Obama administra-tion. Well, the American people want us to do something about that. They are worried when they see somebody put bombs in trash cans in New York, when somebody stabs people to death in Minnesota. They want to see us doing something. We are trying to do something about that with numerous pieces of legislation that we bring for-ward in this House; and whenever we bring them up, we hear from the other side about everything else. Well, today we are here to talk about stopping this President and future Presidents from sending pallets of cash to Iran. That is what we are talking about. So I want us to get back to that debate because that is an important de-bate for the American people. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Earlier, I misspoke when I said that we could vote for the motion to recom-mit. I should have said—and I correct the R
ECORD now—the previous question was what I was speaking of. The simple fact of the matter is we can vote in support of the previous question, and then we would be able to address the Flint crisis. Mr. Speaker, I want to reiterate that this bill is nothing more than an at-tempt by the majority to make polit-ical hay of the recent payment to the Government of Iran, a payment that was a legal settlement. It seems to get ignored by my friends that the United States and Iran are participants in a claims tribunal that was established 35 years ago under the Algiers Accords be-cause Iran had held our hostages, and we needed a methodology to be able to pay and have those hostages remuner-ated appropriately. That said, $2.5 bil-lion has been paid to American claims rightly. This framework is being fol-lowed, and what this legislation that is going nowhere would do, if it went somewhere, would be to fly in the face of that framework that was estab-lished. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.025 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5822 September 22, 2016 
By prohibiting any future payments to Iran, this bill could put us in the po-sition of violating the Algiers Accords and owing even more money. It comes at the expense of addressing issues that really matter, like Flint, like Zika, like the opioid epidemic, like gun vio-lence, like the Louisiana floods and the crumbling infrastructure of this Na-tion. The list goes on and on. I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule and the underlying measure. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time to close. The gentleman said earlier in his re-marks that there are times when the United States has to have interactions with bad people. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I under-stand that. We do. But we should be wise in doing so. He and I completely agreed about the ill wisdom of the deal that President Obama struck with Iran; nonetheless, he struck the deal. He said that there are 200 Iranian claims pending. I have no idea if any of those claims are meritorious. But if even one of them is meritorious, I don’t think he would agree—and I know I don’t agree, and the vast majority of people in America don’t agree—that you pay such a claim by sending pal-lets of cash. Why would they do that? Why would any President of the United States send pallets of cash to the lead-ing state sponsor of terrorism? It is to hide what they were doing, and they have been found out. We should never do that with anyone, but particularly not with an enemy. The other thing that this bill pro-vides, besides a prohibition on that— and that is so common sense that I don’t know how we could disagree about it—is it requires congressional notification. Don’t we want the Con-gress, as a coequal branch of govern-ment, to know before we pay money to the leading state sponsor of terrorism? Don’t we want to let the American peo-ple know what is going on? This is a very commonsense bill. The people of the United States expect us to do nothing less than this. So while I appreciate some of the other things we heard about it, some of the other issues they mentioned, let’s focus on this. Let’s at least get this done so that this President and no President can ever, ever again pay ransom to Iran. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my col-leagues to support House Resolution 879 and the underlying legislation. The material previously referred to by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 879 O FFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 4479) to provide emer-gency assistance related to the Flint water crisis, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consid-eration of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 4479. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
EMPOWERING EMPLOYEES THROUGH STOCK OWNERSHIP ACT Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 875, I call up the bill (H.R. 5719) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to mod-ify the tax treatment of certain equity grants, and ask for its immediate con-sideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 875, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5719 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TREATMENT OF QUALIFIED EQUITY GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) E
LECTION TO DEFER INCOME .—Section 83 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(i) Q
UALIFIED EQUITY GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-title, if qualified stock is transferred to a quali-fied employee who makes an election with re-spect to such stock under this subsection— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), no amount shall be included in income under subsection (a) for the first taxable year in which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.026 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5823 September 22, 2016 
the rights of the employee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, whichever is applicable, and ‘‘(B) an amount equal to the amount which would be included in income of the employee under subsection (a) (determined without regard to this subsection) shall be included in income for the taxable year of the employee which in-cludes the earliest of— ‘‘(i) the first date such qualified stock becomes transferable (including transferable to the em-ployer), ‘‘(ii) the date the employee first becomes an excluded employee, ‘‘(iii) the first date on which any stock of the corporation which issued the qualified stock be-comes readily tradable on an established securi-ties market (as determined by the Secretary, but not including any market unless such market is recognized as an established securities market by the Secretary for purposes of a provision of this title other than this subsection), ‘‘(iv) the date that is 7 years after the first date the rights of the employee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, whichever occurs earlier, or ‘‘(v) the date on which the employee revokes (at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may provide) the election under this sub-section with respect to such stock. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED STOCK .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘qualified stock’ means, with respect to any qualified employee, any stock in a corporation which is the employer of such em-ployee, if— ‘‘(i) such stock is received— ‘‘(I) in connection with the exercise of an op-tion, or ‘‘(II) in settlement of a restricted stock unit, and ‘‘(ii) such option or restricted stock unit was provided by the corporation— ‘‘(I) in connection with the performance of services as an employee, and ‘‘(II) during a calendar year in which such corporation was an eligible corporation. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The term ‘qualified stock’ shall not include any stock if the employee may sell such stock to, or otherwise receive cash in lieu of stock from, the corporation at the time that the rights of the employee in such stock first become transferable or not subject to a sub-stantial risk of forfeiture. ‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE CORPORATION .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii)(II)— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible corpora-tion’ means, with respect to any calendar year, any corporation if— ‘‘(I) no stock of such corporation (or any predecessor of such corporation) is readily tradable on an established securities market (as determined under paragraph (1)(B)(iii)) during any preceding calendar year, and ‘‘(II) such corporation has a written plan under which, in such calendar year, not less than 80 percent of all employees who provide services to such corporation in the United States (or any possession of the United States) are granted stock options, or restricted stock units, with the same rights and privileges to receive qualified stock. ‘‘(ii) S
AME RIGHTS AND PRIVILEGES .—For pur- poses of clause (i)(II)— ‘‘(I) except as provided in subclauses (II) and (III), the determination of rights and privileges with respect to stock shall be determined in a similar manner as provided under section 423(b)(5), ‘‘(II) employees shall not fail to be treated as having the same rights and privileges to receive qualified stock solely because the number of shares available to all employees is not equal in amount, so long as the number of shares avail-able to each employee is more than a de minimis amount, and ‘‘(III) rights and privileges with respect to the exercise of an option shall not be treated as the same as rights and privileges with respect to the settlement of a restricted stock unit. ‘‘(iii) EMPLOYEE .—For purposes of clause (i)(II), the term ‘employee’ shall not include any employee described in section 4980E(d)(4) or any excluded employee. ‘‘(iv) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CALENDAR YEARS BE -
FORE 2017 .—In the case of any calendar year be-ginning before January 1, 2017, clause (i)(II) shall be applied without regard to whether the rights and privileges with respect to the quali-fied stock are the same. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED EMPLOYEE ; EXCLUDED EM -
PLOYEE .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified em-ployee’ means any individual who— ‘‘(i) is not an excluded employee, and ‘‘(ii) agrees in the election made under this subsection to meet such requirements as deter-mined by the Secretary to be necessary to ensure that the withholding requirements of the cor-poration under chapter 24 with respect to the qualified stock are met. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUDED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘ex-cluded employee’ means, with respect to any corporation, any individual— ‘‘(i) who was a 1-percent owner (within the meaning of section 416(i)(1)(B)(ii)) at any time during the 10 preceding calendar years, ‘‘(ii) who is or has been at any prior time— ‘‘(I) the chief executive officer of such cor-poration or an individual acting in such a ca-pacity, or ‘‘(II) the chief financial officer of such cor-poration or an individual acting in such a ca-pacity, ‘‘(iii) who bears a relationship described in section 318(a)(1) to any individual described in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (ii), or ‘‘(iv) who has been for any of the 10 preceding taxable years one of the 4 highest compensated officers of such corporation determined with re-spect to each such taxable year on the basis of the shareholder disclosure rules for compensa-tion under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as if such rules applied to such corporation). ‘‘(4) E
LECTION .— ‘‘(A) T
IME FOR MAKING ELECTION .—An elec- tion with respect to qualified stock shall be made under this subsection no later than 30 days after the first time the rights of the em-ployee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, which-ever occurs earlier, and shall be made in a man-ner similar to the manner in which an election is made under subsection (b). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—No election may be made under this section with respect to any qualified stock if— ‘‘(i) the qualified employee has made an elec-tion under subsection (b) with respect to such qualified stock, ‘‘(ii) any stock of the corporation which issued the qualified stock is readily tradable on an established securities market (as determined under paragraph (1)(B)(iii)) at any time before the election is made, or ‘‘(iii) such corporation purchased any of its outstanding stock in the calendar year pre-ceding the calendar year which includes the first time the rights of the employee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, unless— ‘‘(I) not less than 25 percent of the total dollar amount of the stock so purchased is deferral stock, and ‘‘(II) the determination of which individuals from whom deferral stock is purchased is made on a reasonable basis. ‘‘(C) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES RELATED  
TO LIMITATION ON STOCK REDEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) D
EFERRAL STOCK .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘deferral stock’ means stock with respect to which an election is in effect under this subsection ‘‘(ii) D
EFERRAL STOCK WITH RESPECT TO ANY  
INDIVIDUAL NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IF INDI -
VIDUAL HOLDS DEFERRAL STOCK WITH LONGER  DEFERRAL PERIOD .—Stock purchased by a cor-poration from any individual shall not be treat-ed as deferral stock for purposes of clause (iii) if such individual (immediately after such pur-chase) holds any deferral stock with respect to which an election has been in effect under this subsection for a longer period than the election with respect to the stock so purchased. ‘‘(iii) P
URCHASE OF ALL OUTSTANDING DEFER -
RAL STOCK .—The requirements of subclauses (I) and (II) of subparagraph (B)(iii) shall be treat-ed as met if the stock so purchased includes all of the corporation’s outstanding deferral stock. ‘‘(iv) R
EPORTING .—Any corporation which has outstanding deferral stock as of the beginning of any calendar year and which purchases any of its outstanding stock during such calendar year shall include on its return of tax for the taxable year in which, or with which, such calendar year ends the total dollar amount of its out-standing stock so purchased during such cal-endar year and such other information as the Secretary may require for purposes of admin-istering this paragraph. ‘‘(5) C
ONTROLLED GROUPS .—For purposes of this subsection, all corporations which are mem-bers of the same controlled group of corpora-tions (as defined in section 1563(a)) shall be treated as one corporation. ‘‘(6) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .—Any corporation that transfers qualified stock to a qualified em-ployee shall, at the time that (or a reasonable period before) an amount attributable to such stock would (but for this subsection) first be in-cludible in the gross income of such employee— ‘‘(A) certify to such employee that such stock is qualified stock, and ‘‘(B) notify such employee— ‘‘(i) that the employee may elect to defer in-come on such stock under this subsection, and ‘‘(ii) that, if the employee makes such an elec-tion— ‘‘(I) the amount of income recognized at the end of the deferral period will be based on the value of the stock at the time at which the rights of the employee in such stock first become transferable or not subject to substantial risk of forfeiture, notwithstanding whether the value of the stock has declined during the deferral pe-riod, ‘‘(II) the amount of such income recognized at the end of the deferral period will be subject to withholding under section 3401(i) at the rate de-termined under section 3402(t), and ‘‘(III) the responsibilities of the employee (as determined by the Secretary under paragraph (3)(A)(ii)) with respect to such withholding.’’. (2) D
EDUCTION BY EMPLOYER .—Subsection (h) of section 83 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘or (d)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(d)(2), or (i)’’. (b) W
ITHHOLDING .— (1) T
IME OF WITHHOLDING .—Section 3401 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(i) Q
UALIFIED STOCK FOR WHICH AN ELEC-
TION ISI N EFFECT UNDER SECTION 83(i).—For purposes of subsection (a), qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)) with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i) shall be treated as wages— ‘‘(1) received on the earliest date described in section 83(i)(1)(B), and ‘‘(2) in an amount equal to the amount in-cluded in income under section 83 for the tax-able year which includes such date.’’. (2) A
MOUNT OF WITHHOLDING .—Section 3402 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(t) R
ATE OF WITHHOLDING FOR CERTAIN  S
TOCK .—In the case of any qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)) with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i)— ‘‘(1) the rate of tax under subsection (a) shall not be less than the maximum rate of tax in ef-fect under section 1, and ‘‘(2) such stock shall be treated for purposes of section 3501(b) in the same manner as a non- cash fringe benefit.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.005 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5824 September 22, 2016 
(c) C OORDINATION WITHOTHER DEFERRED  C
OMPENSATION RULES.— (1) E
LECTION TO APPLY DEFERRAL TO STATU -
TORY OPTIONS .— (A) I
NCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS .—Section 422(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such term shall not include any option if an election is made under section 83(i) with respect to the stock received in connection with the exercise of such option.’’. (B) E
MPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLANS .—Sec- tion 423(a) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following flush sentence: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to any share of stock with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i).’’. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM DEFINITION OF NON -
QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN .— Subsection (d) of section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF QUALIFIED STOCK .—An ar- rangement under which an employee may re-ceive qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)(2)) shall not be treated as a nonqualified deferred compensation plan solely because of an employee’s ability to defer recognition of income pursuant to an election under section 83(i).’’. (d) I
NFORMATION REPORTING .—Section 6051(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (13), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (14) and inserting a comma, and by inserting after paragraph (14) the following new para-graphs: ‘‘(15) the amount excludable from gross in-come under subparagraph (A) of section 83(i)(1), ‘‘(16) the amount includible in gross income under subparagraph (B) of section 83(i)(1) with respect to an event described in such subpara-graph which occurs in such calendar year, and ‘‘(17) the aggregate amount of income which is being deferred pursuant to elections under sec-tion 83(i), determined as of the close of the cal-endar year.’’. (e) P
ENALTY FOR FAILURE OF EMPLOYER TO P
ROVIDE NOTICE OF TAXCONSEQUENCES .—Sec- tion 6652 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(o) F
AILURE TO PROVIDE NOTICE UNDER SEC-
TION 83(i).—In the case of each failure to pro-vide a notice as required by section 83(i)(6), at the time prescribed therefor, unless it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect, there shall be paid, on no-tice and demand of the Secretary and in the same manner as tax, by the person failing to provide such notice, an amount equal to $100 for each such failure, but the total amount imposed on such person for all such failures during any calendar year shall not exceed $50,000.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to stock attributable to options exer-cised, or restricted stock units settled, after De-cember 31, 2016. (2) R
EQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE NOTICE .—The amendments made by subsection (e) shall apply to failures after December 31, 2016. (g) T
RANSITION RULE.—Until such time as the Secretary (or the Secretary’s delegate) issue reg-ulations or other guidance for purposes of im-plementing the requirements of paragraph (2)(C)(i)(II) of section 83(i) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 (as added by this section), or the requirements of paragraph (6) of such sec-tion, a corporation shall be treated as being in compliance with such requirements (respec-tively) if such corporation complies with a rea-sonable good faith interpretation of such re-quirements. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) and the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous material on H.R. 5719, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. America’s startup companies are a driving force behind our Nation’s dy-namic and prosperous free enterprise system. Over the past century, bold, in-novative Americans have taken risks and started businesses of all sizes that deliver opportunity for millions of mid-dle class families and workers. We should do everything we can to help America’s startups attract the talented, hardworking employees they need to put their breakthrough ideas into motion. One of the best things we can do is ensure that our Tax Code sup-ports American innovators. Our Tax Code must support—not suppress—in-novation, entrepreneurship, and eco-nomic freedom. Today, I am honored to speak in sup-port of legislation to do just that, Con-gressman E
RIKPAULSEN ’s Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act. b1315 This bipartisan, bicameral legisla-tion takes action to keep America at the forefront of innovation by sup-porting startups and the workers who help them thrive. Right now many startup companies offer their workers stock options as a portion of their compensation. This helps startups attract top talent be-cause they may not have the money to pay high salaries offered by larger busi-nesses. The problem is, many startup work-ers can’t exercise their stock options because they don’t make enough to af-ford the associated tax payment. In ad-dition, many startups are privately held, so there may not be an available market for these workers to sell some of the stocks so they can pay the tax. Ultimately, this means a portion of a startup worker’s compensation—some-times a significant portion—can be es-sentially out of reach. So when a work-er is considering whether to take a job at an exciting new small business, this issue can make the opportunity in that company a lot less attractive. Congressman P
AULSEN ’s common-sense legislation fixes the problem. It allows startup workers to defer the tax payment on their stock options for 7 years or until there is an ability to sell the stock, whichever comes first. Im-portantly, the bill includes provisions to ensure this tax relief can only be utilized by workers who need it. Those who hold large equity stakes in a start-up or highly paid positions at the com-pany won’t be eligible. The bottom line is that by facili-tating employee ownership, this bill will not only help startups attract tal-ent, it will allow their workers to own a stake in that next breakthrough product or service. Congressman PAULSEN is a long-time champion of employee ownership, free enterprise, and economic freedom—pil-lars of a strong American economy. I want to thank him for his leadership on this important bipartisan legisla-tion, and I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting its passage. The Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act is a smart, bipar-tisan solution to help ensure that American startups will continue to be a driving force behind American inno-vation, job growth, and prosperity. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ) be permitted to control the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. This bill addresses an issue that is worthy of being addressed. It surely would be taken up as part of overall tax reform. But this bill surely is not an emergency; and costing over $1 bil-lion, it is not paid for. Today, as this House leaves, there has been no action on Flint. That is an emergency—poisoned water, children at risk—and it is being required that emergency funding for Flint be paid for. In contrast, action on this bill is in no way an emergency, and it is not being required to be paid for. And still no attention to Zika. That is an emergency. It is spreading while some here in D.C. are stalling. I quote Anthony Fauci, the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Allergy and Infec-tious Diseases. This is what he told one writer: ‘‘First, we took money from other in-fections. We borrowed money from our-selves from malaria and TB. ‘‘When we ran out of that money, we started tapping into the Ebola funds that we really should not be tapping into because we still need them to keep the lid on Ebola.’’ ‘‘When we ran out of that . . . Sec-retary . . . Burwell had to do some-thing she really did not want to do. She had to take money using her trans-fer authority from cancer, diabetes, heart disease and mental health and give it to us to be able to continue to prepare the sites for the Zika vaccine trials that we will be performing.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.005 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5825 September 22, 2016 
So Zika, that is an emergency. It is spreading here while we, as I said, in D.C. are stalling. Here we go once again on this legislation, not an emer-gency, not being paid for. I think the way the House majority is handling this legislation and other legislation, or the lack of it, is inexcusable and in some respects is immoral. Let me read from the Statement of Administration Policy: ‘‘The Adminis-tration is committed to helping startups, boosting innovation, and growing the economy, and is willing to work with the Congress on fiscally re-sponsible measures to achieve those goals. However, the Administration strongly opposes H.R. 5719 because it would increase the Federal deficit by $1 billion over the next ten years. Failing to pay for new tax cuts is fiscally irre-sponsible.’’ Mr. Speaker, working on stock op-tions and the tax treatment of it is one thing. Zika and Flint are orders of a different magnitude. For these reasons and others, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when you ask a small- business owner or an entrepreneur about the challenge of starting a new business, they will often tell you that the key to their success is keeping tal-ented employees and recruiting tal-ented employees to keep their com-pany moving forward. Today we have an opportunity to help startup companies. The Empow-ering Employees through Stock Owner-ship Act is a bipartisan initiative that focuses on two simple but very impor-tant concepts: keeping the United States on the forefront of innovation and promoting employee ownership. I want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) for his bipartisan leadership on this issue as well. Mr. Speaker, today our Tax Code is forcing many mid- and lower-level em-ployees at startup companies and busi-nesses around the country to let a very promising investment opportunity pass them by. Unlike employees at larger, more established companies, startup employees are often offered compensa-tion in the form of stock options, a sig-nificant part of their compensation. And it is a common practice for a busi-ness that is developing a new and promising technology but is not yet profitable. More and more employees of startups these days aren’t exercising their stock options, and that is because if they do, they get hit with a tax bill from the IRS, a tax bill that can be unaffordable because they don’t have the cash avail-able to make the tax payment which is due immediately. As a result, employ-ees are letting their stock options ex-pire, missing out on thousands and thousands of dollars that could help them send their kids to college or plan for their retirement. So here is a simple solution today, Mr. Speaker. The Empowering Employ-ees through Stock Ownership Act will let an employee defer their tax pay-ment for a reasonable period—7 years— or until there is a market for their stock, which they could then sell to get the money needed to pay the tax bill. Many employees are drawn to start-up businesses these days for the oppor-tunity to work on shaping the future, the next innovative solution that can improve the lives of millions of people. It might be in health care, it might be treating cancer, or it could be in devel-oping new mobile computer tech-nology. They are also drawn, though, to the chance and the opportunity to have some ownership over this new idea. However, some are now choosing to in-stead stay at or go to a larger, estab-lished company because they know at a startup business they could face a very unfortunate tax situation. So to put it simply, Mr. Speaker, the Tax Code should not stand in the way of developing new, life-changing tech-nologies. We should help these startups attract new employees and new talent and help those employees chase their dreams to seek new, creative environ-ments that could lead to the next breakthrough innovation. The legislation is also designed to promote employee ownership. Only those individuals at startup businesses where similar stock options are offered to 80 percent of their employees or more will be eligible for the tax defer-ral provided in the bill. This will en-courage businesses to offer more of their employees an ownership stake, as well as serve as a very important guardrail to prevent companies that only offer stock options to a select few high-level employees from taking ad-vantage of any provisions in the legis-lation. Importantly, the Empowering Em-ployees through Stock Ownership Act also contains several provisions to en-sure that only those employees who truly need tax deferral are actually able to obtain it. Individuals that own more than 1 percent of a business, the CEO, the CFO, and the four highest paid employees at a business are not el-igible for deferral. Mr. Speaker, the Empowering Em-ployees through Stock Ownership Act is part of Leader M
CCARTHY ’s Innova-tion Initiative here in the House. It is endorsed by the Venture Capital Asso-ciation, the Small Business and Entre-preneurship Council, and dozens of businesses around the country. I include in the R
ECORD their three letters of support. 
NATIONAL VENTURE CAPITAL  A
SSOCIATION , September 7, 2016. Hon. E
RIKPAULSEN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OSEPH CROWLEY , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVES PAULSEN AND  C
ROWLEY : On behalf of our nation’s venture capital investors and the entrepreneurs they support, I write to express our support for H.R. 5719, the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act, and to thank you for your leadership on this important issue. This legislation would allow startup employees to defer tax liability on income arising from exercised but illiquid stock op-tions. As you know, stock options are a critical tool for attracting talented individuals to work at our nation’s startups. Employees are often compensated with stock options as a promise that if the startup succeeds, every-body shares in the gain. And, stock options are particularly important for startups who are often cash strapped and using all re-sources available to develop and build a novel product. But as the U.S. capital mar-kets have become more hostile to small cap-italization companies, increasingly startups are opting to stay private longer rather than pursue an initial public offering (IPO). This has given rise to challenges for employees at our nation’s startups when their stock op-tions vest without a liquid market to sell their shares in order to pay the taxes that are due. Your legislation to allow an additional pe-riod of time for employees to defer taxes on exercised stock options is a common sense solution to this challenge that will encour-age more talented Americans to help build today’s startups into tomorrow’s Fortune 500 success stories. We must make new company creation a national priority to compete in the 21st century economy. Your bill will help us avoid a startup brain drain by preserving the value of stock options for employees. NVCA and its member firms look forward to working with you to pass this legislation into law and protect the value of stock op-tions for startup employees. Again, thank you for your leadership on this important issue. Sincerely, BOBBY FRANKLIN , President and CEO. 
SMALL BUSINESS & E
NTREPRENEURSHIP COUNCIL , September 19, 2016. Hon. E
RIKPAULSEN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OECROWLEY , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVES PAULSEN AND  C
ROWLEY : The Small Business & Entrepre-neurship Council (SBE Council) and its 100,000 members nationwide strongly support H.R. 5719, the Empowering Employees Through Stock Ownership Act. Startup companies face many obstacles, including the recruitment and retention of skilled employees. Employees at startup companies often do not enjoy the higher sal-aries offered at established companies, but are drawn to the idea of helping to build an enterprise that is at the forefront of the next innovation. At many startup companies, em-ployees are offered stock options or equity ownership to compensate for lower com-pensation and to share ownership in the company. Currently, if employees exercise these options, they are required to pay taxes immediately but sometimes lack the re-sources to do so. That means they may miss out on a potential financial opportunity. This is a barrier for some individuals to join a start-up, which means both the company and individual lose, and so does our econ-omy. H.R. 5719 resolves this barrier by allowing employees seven years or before the stock becomes tradeable on an established market to pay the taxes when they exercise options. H.R. 5719 will help startup companies attract 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.032 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5826 September 22, 2016 
and keep talented employees, and provide skilled individuals another key incentive to join these promising businesses. Thank you for your leadership on this im-portant issue. SBE Council looks forward to working with you to advance H.R. 5719 into law. Sincerely, K
AREN KERRIGAN , President & CEO. 
SEPTEMBER 19, 2016. Hon. E
RIKPAULSEN , Cannon House Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OSEPH CROWLEY , Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE PAULSEN AND REP-
RESENTATIVE CROWLEY : We write you to ex-press our support for H.R. 5719, the Empow-ering Employees through Stock Ownership Act (EESO). This bipartisan initiative, led by your efforts, will make it possible for more employees to obtain an ownership stake in the companies they help build and make it easier for startups and private com-panies to attract the talent necessary to grow the economy. Part of the lure of startups and many pri-vate companies is the ability for virtually all employees to own a piece of their com-pany. Unfortunately, it is difficult for many private company employees to realize the value of their equity (either through exercise or vesting) because of the unique way tax rules apply to employee grants at private companies. Under current law, employees are often required to pay taxes on the value of their shares long before they are able to sell and realize the economic value of those shares. This is due to the fact that, unlike public company employees who are able to sell shares in the public markets to offset the tax consequences of exercised or vested equity grants, private company employees do not have the ability to sell their shares since no public market (or liquid secondary market) exists. This means that many pri-vate company employees cannot cover the cost of taxes at the time of exercise/vesting through the sale of shares, but, instead, must pay those costs out of pocket. This situation is exacerbated for employ-ees who have seen their options or shares grow significantly in value since their date of grant. In this case, taxes due on the dif-ference between grant price and fair market value on the exercise or vesting date will be significant, meaning that many employees will never be able to afford to exercise their options and hold shares. As a result, many private company employees allow their eq-uity grants to expire and lose a significant component of their compensation and poten-tial future growth through the ownership stake. Your legislation would help solve this problem for many employees by providing them with the ability to choose to defer the payment of the income tax due upon exercise (or vesting in the case of restricted stock units) until the underlying stock is sold. This legislation is structured to minimize the revenue impact to all stakeholders by simply changing the timing of when income taxes are payable. Again, we thank you for your leadership on this issue. We look forward to working with you to help enact this common sense modi-fication to our country’s tax laws so that employees of innovative American compa-nies are able to acquire and retain more of their ownership interests in the businesses they help build. Sincerely, Palantir Technologies; Avalara, Inc.; AppNexus Inc; Bloom Energy; Sonos; Space Exploration Technologies Corp.; Return Path; Stripe; NASDAQ Private Market; Acquia Inc.; Addepar; Sailpoint Technologies Inc.; Casper; Meetup; Betterment; Squarespace; Bromium; Engine; TechNet: The Voice of the Innovation Economy; Kleiner Perkins Caulfield Byer. Angel Capital Association; Techstars; Hackers/Founders; Kansas City Startup Foundation; KC Tech Council; Y Combinator; GitHub Inc.; 23andMe, Inc.; Gusto; TechNexus; Accel; The Brandery; duolingo; Kabbage Inc.; Able Lending, Inc.; Garmentory; hobbyDB; Foot Cardigan; Equityzen Inc.; Foursquare. 2nd MD; Zaarly; Wealthfront Inc.; Hyperloop One; Medici.md; Automattic; Decibly; Medium; ClipMine, Inc.; whiteLabelLabs; Red & Blue Ventures; Glob-al Accelerator Network; AIRMIKA, INC.; In-novation State; Hacom LLC; Village Capital; Help Scout; Filament; 60secondz; GeekGirlWeb, LLC. Virtkick, Inc.; Speed & Function; 804RVA; Wefunder; Neighborland; Goalbook; Bristlecone Holdings; Blue Startups; Seed Philly; Lighthouse Labs; Hangar; Carao Ven-tures; Pick1; Alpha Prime Ventures; eShares, Inc.; CrowdCheck Inc.; Lean Team Tuning LLC. 
Mr. PAULSEN. I urge all my col-leagues in supporting this very com-monsense, bipartisan, and bicameral legislation to increase employee own-ership and accelerate American inno-vation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distin-guished gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ), someone who has been a sponsor of this bill, and I ask unani-mous consent that he be allowed to control the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for yield-ing me the time. I first want to recognize Congress-man E
RIKPAULSEN , my colead in draft-ing the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act that we are debating today here on the floor. I appreciate his work in helping to draft this and our offices working together to do that. We have drafted up a bipartisan bill that, on the merits, should be able to pass the House with an overwhelming majority—overwhelming majority. But I must state my disappointment with the majority—and not necessarily with the sponsor of this bill, but the leader-ship of the majority—for refusing to allow a simple up-or-down vote on my amendment, joined by the gentle-woman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ), to offset the $1 billion cost of this bill over 10 years, so that we could em-power workers without saddling our children and our grandchildren and our great-grandchildren with more debt. Now that, in and of itself, is problem-atic in terms of hoisting additional debt on our children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, if it weren’t for the fact that we also have crises facing America, including the Zika virus. I wonder how the women who today are pregnant and have the virus in them feel about the fact that we are doing a tax bill today, unpaid for, and yet are requiring an offset or a pay-for for money to go towards Zika virus, or the fact that we have been here for over a year and have not yet found the wherewithal to help the good people of Flint, Michigan, unless we find a way to pay for that assistance and that help; but somehow we are able to do this worthy bill on its face without a pay-for. With respect to the underlying bill, I think all of us are growing increasingly concerned that far too many American workers have not been sharing in the success of the companies that they helped make successful. This bill aims to address that issue by promoting em-ployee ownership, very egalitarian, something I know many on my side of the aisle are very excited about. The Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act would allow workers at privately held firms and startups to defer the income taxes on their stock options up to 7 years or until a triggering event occurs that al-lows the stock to be sold, whichever oc-curs sooner. The proposed legislation is needed to address real-world situations where employees of privately held firms, who are provided the opportunity to become part owners of the company they helped build through the granting of stock options and shares, cannot exer-cise that stock without paying taxes on them as income, even though the options cannot be readily sold. For ex-ample, there is no market for them to be sold on. Businesses often offer stock to em-ployees to share the value of their com-panies, recruit and maintain talented workers, and offer compensation in ad-dition to a salary that they receive. Stock options also provide smaller startup companies the ability to com-pete with larger, more established companies in attracting top talent. b1330 Currently, when an employee exer-cises their right to obtain stock in their company, it is a taxable event and taxed in the same way as any other form of compensation they receive. In publicly traded companies, when employees exercise their stock options or shares vest, the employee is able to turn around and sell a small portion of that stock that is on the public market to pay the tax they owe, while at the same time continuing to retain shares and partial ownership of the company they work for. Unfortunately, for employees of pri-vate companies and startups, there is no market for employees to sell their shares to cover the tax liability that they are exposed to in the same way that a publicly traded company em-ployee has those liabilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.009 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5827 September 22, 2016 
This tax burden prevents employees of privately held companies from exer-cising their stock in the first place. That means they lose out on a share of their income, they lose out on the abil-ity to become an owner in their com-pany, and they lose out on part of their investment in their employer’s long- term goals. This bill defers the taxes owed for employees of privately held companies for 7 years or until there is what is known as a ‘‘triggering event,’’ which occurs when a stock is sold. Examples of triggering events are stock buybacks, acquisitions, or the company itself going public. Besides making it easier for lower- wage workers to become owners in their company, this bill encourages companies to offer more stock to more workers. We do this by stating that, to obtain these important recruitment and retention benefits, a company must offer at least 80 percent of their full-time workforce the option to own stock. This 80 percent employee par-ticipation number excludes those who own 1 percent or more of the company as well as the CEO and CFO and the four highest-paid officers. In small startups, excluding senior management and mandating an 80 per-cent employee coverage test ensures that more employees and those further down the chain of command will be of-fered to share in the success of the company. It is a good policy and, as I said before, it enjoys bipartisan sup-port. Because the bill is a tax expenditure, the Joint Committee on Taxation states that it would cost the Treasury and the American taxpayers $1 billion over 10 years. Unfortunately, as I stated earlier, an effort that was led by my colleague from California (Ms. E
SHOO ) and myself to ensure this good policy was enacted without further adding to the debt and the deficit and by adding debt to future generations, unfortunately, was re-jected by the majority. It is unfortu-nate. While the Republicans in the Con-gress refuse to fund a billion dollars to help pregnant women in Florida, as I said before, fight off the Zika virus or provide clean drinking water to the people of Flint, Michigan, they are con-tinuing their dangerous path of passing tax cuts that will explode the deficit. Indeed, just in 2016, Ways and Means Committee Republicans have passed al-most $55 billion in tax cuts out of the committee, all of which, if enacted, would blow up the deficit. Let’s be clear: Who will pay for this tab? Will it be us? No. We will pass the tab on to our children, our grandchildren, and our great-grandchildren to pay for our ex-cesses. It all boils down to values, my friends. So while I oppose this legislation today—a bill that I am a cosponsor of— I am heartened by the fact that the Senate Finance Committee passed a companion bill to this bill just yester-day on a bipartisan basis. I don’t know how they did it, but somehow they found an offset, Democrats and Repub-licans working together, which I at-tempted to do with my colleagues on the Republican side. They found an off-set. It is remarkable the Republicans in the Senate thought it was important enough to pay for this and not add fur-ther debt to our future generations. I look forward to supporting this bill when it comes back to the House, fully paid for, when we take up the Senate bill. We know that is what is going to happen. I look forward to working with the Senate to enact this good policy into law, but without saddling our chil-dren, our grandchildren, and our great- grandchildren with the cost of this ben-efit. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader, who has moved forward and fo-cused attention on a number of dif-ferent innovation initiatives. These initiatives have come from listening to entrepreneurs. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding and, most impor-tantly, for his work. It is not just the work today, but it is the work every day for almost all Americans. When we talk about medical devices, they are so important to keep people alive. Well, there is one person in this House who led the charge to make sure that tax was repealed so that more medical devices and more jobs could be created, and that is the author of this bill. This bill is giving more Americans the opportunity for ownership. Isn’t that the American Dream? It is interesting, Mr. Speaker. I hear a lot of words on this floor. I heard just recently words about values. You know what is interesting? The record doesn’t lie. I hear on this floor about values and I hear on this floor about Zika. Do you know what? That is one of the greatest threats to the citizens of America. That is why this House did not delay in acting. We passed not once, but twice, funding for $1.7 billion. But, Mr. Speaker, the sad part was that one side of the aisle got into another fight and tried to punish Americans, so they all voted ‘‘no.’’ And then it goes back, but it passes—thank God—because the majority took it up and sent it to the Senate. Do you know what happened over in the Senate? The minority party has voted not once, not twice, but three times, not against the bill, but even allowing the bill to be brought up. While those Americans sit back and are very fearful about Zika, it was one party denying the bill to even come up in the Senate to get to the President. So, yes, Mr. Speaker, when we talk about values, values matter. That is what we are talking about today. The House is considering two important pieces of innovation initiatives. The values. The values of creating jobs. The first is by Representative WILLHURDto improve government IT systems. The second is by Representative E
RIKPAUL-
SENto help startups attract and retain the best employees they can. These bills go right to the heart of the innovation initiative’s two goals: to bring innovation into government and enable innovation in the private sector. Now, I am not breaking any news here, but too many of our technology systems in government are increas-ingly outdated. So here are the facts. Last year alone, the Federal Govern-ment spent 80 percent—get this right— 80 percent of the $80 billion directed to IT just maintaining old legacy sys-tems. That is 80 percent of $80 billion. Representative W
ILLHURD’s bipar-tisan legislation will help bring gov-ernment technology systems into the modern age, allowing the government to do its job more effectively, save tax-payers money, and keep public infor-mation secure. However, even as we use innovation to improve the way govern-ment functions, we can’t ignore the im-portance of innovation in the private sector. You see, an innovation econ-omy is a fundamental part of the American success story. Today we have these businesses we call gazelles. Gazelles are small startups that grow 20 percent every year or double every 2 years. Gazelles make up 4 percent of all new startups. But do you know what? They make up 70 percent of all new jobs. We have not reached America’s full potential. Not even close. We need to update our laws to enable further inno-vation so that those with good ideas can create even more opportunity for Americans. The idea of innovation producing growth is why we are voting today on Representative E
RIK PAULSEN ’s Em-powering Employees through Stock Ownership Act. The truth is, when the startups are funded and founded, they can’t offer potential employees the same salaries and benefits of those companies that have already become household names, but they can offer partial ownership. That is the Amer-ican Dream. Offering stock options not only al-lows startups to attract the workers they need, it also gives employees a greater stake in the success of the company. But, unfortunately, the cur-rent Tax Code punishes many employ-ees who own stock, taxing them before they even have the opportunity to sell the stock to pay the bill. Representative P
AULSEN ’s bill allows workers to actually own a piece of the company that they work for. It defers the tax they owe on the stocks for a time so that they have the opportunity to work for a young company that may not have the most resources, but does have a vision of a future that they can believe in. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.035 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5828 September 22, 2016 
By giving companies the chance to hire and retain the best employees, do you know what happens? We will have more innovation, more growth, and more success for the American people. As you grow in America and get older and have children, you no longer worry about what you will do. You worry about what opportunities your children will have. Don’t you dream that one day maybe your children can even own a piece of their company? But don’t you hate to wake up and have the government pun-ish you so that you can’t be that owner? Why wouldn’t you want govern-ment to work for you? Why wouldn’t you want government to enhance? Why wouldn’t you want innovation? You want a government that is more effective, more efficient, and more ac-countable. You want a private sector that is able to spur growth and create more jobs. And you want a country that can protect you from the Zika virus. Well, you know what? This Congress has acted on all of those and will act on the rest of them today. I hope that it is a bipartisan vote to represent all Americans. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ), my good friend and colleague. Ms. ESHOO. I thank the gentleman from New York, my good friend, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in reluctant oppo-sition not to the legislation—because I am a cosponsor of it and I think it is a very good bill and I think it is an im-portant bill—Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act. The underlying policy of this bill—it is bipartisan, as has been stated—is to allow employees of privately owned companies to be able to defer taxes owed on exercised stock options for up to 7 years. I think that there is unanimity on this. I know something about stock op-tions. I have represented Silicon Valley for 24 years. I led the House in a battle many, many years ago on stock op-tions. And I won that, by the way. So I know how stock options work, and I think that it is very important for non-public entities—the startups, first of all—to be able to attract people. When they attract these talented employees, the option of stock options with a de-ferred tax status would be very, very important. It is a magnet. We always want new businesses to be born. We want them to grow. We want them to go public. We want them to employ more people. That is the way our economy works. I think that it is a very, very important policy to support. But I also think that—as we recognize the responsibility to take a step to help to expand our economy, I also think it is responsible to think about how we conduct our finances. I wish I had a dime or a nickel for every time someone has come to the floor, espe-cially from the other side, pounding their chest about the national debt. So here we have a combination of good policy and irresponsible fiscal pol-icy. b1345 Now, Mr. CROWLEY and I went to—I couldn’t make it, but it was our amendment at the Rules Committee to pay for this. The Joint Committee on Taxation says it is going to cost over $1 billion over 10 years. Now, when first responders who got sick after the dollars were expended and we wanted them covered because they were, essentially, dying, they were over at the Energy and Commerce Committee, the majority said we are not doing this bill unless it is paid for. That was a national emergency, but you couldn’t find the time or the way to take care of that. When are we going to stop charging things to the national debt? Why do you think it is all right to do it this way? I really wonder if you want bipar-tisan support. The American people want biparti-sanship. They want it done responsibly. But they also want us—don’t your con-stituents ask you how you are going to bring the debt down? Come on. This is like political cross-dressing here. Why wouldn’t the Rules Committee say: You know what? These Members are right, and they are offering a very sensible way to pay for this bill. We gave you the pathway for it. We give you the answer for it. We say we will support the policy. We want it paid for. Why do you turn that down? So I think it is sad, I really do. And all of this happy talk that comes to the floor about innovation, and we know and we are doing and whatever, I have represented it for 24 years, and I think one of the values of my constituents is fiscal responsibility as well as good policy, and that is what we offered. So I urge my colleagues to examine the two prongs, not just the one. This could have been bipartisan and you could have passed it on a voice vote, for heaven’s sake, if you had it paid for. And that is why I am on the floor to object to the way this is done, not to the policy, but that it isn’t paid for. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to please address their remarks to the Chair. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ), who has been a passionate advocate for entre-preneurship. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, entrepreneurship and employee owner-ship as well. I rise in support of H.R. 5719, the Em-powering Employees through Stock Ownership Act, a bill that will allow certain employee recipients of em-ployer stock to defer paying income tax on the stock until they are able to liquidate a portion of the stock to pay those taxes or once 7 years have passed, whichever comes first. This is a modest but meaningful step in the right direction. It is a modest and meaningful step toward trans-forming our economy into an owner-ship society where employees are em-powered with a direct and enduring stake in the well-being of their com-pany. I applaud Representative PAULSEN  for offering this legislation and Chair-man B
RADY for shepherding it through his committee and onto the floor. As you may know, Mr. Speaker, I have a bill that was crafted in the same spirit as this bill that we are consid-ering today. It is a bill that, in my view, should be this body’s next step, after this step forward, toward creating an ownership society. My bill, the Expanding Employee Ownership Act of 2016, which is H.R. 4577, would permanently exempt from income tax liability any stock that was received by employees as part of a broad-based distribution to all employ-ees, so long as the employees held on to the stock for 5 years. If the employee holds the stock for 10 years or more, after that, a mechanism is triggered that allows the employees to sell their stock free of capital gains tax. So by giving the employee a pass on income tax for their stock or capital gains tax for their stock, we will greatly expand the number of working people in our country who own part of the company and maybe own a majority of the com-panies owned by employees throughout this country. As we know, employee ownership has many positive attributes, and this bill takes us a step toward that. Studies show that employees who own a share in their company are more productive and prudent. Studies further show that employee-owned companies are gen-erally more profitable and have a lower turnout rate. You have a solidarity be-tween management and labor when the people working for a company own part of the company that they work for. It is more of a partnership. Free enterprise doesn’t just mean profit motive for the capitalists. It means profit motive—not only just profit motive, but it means freedom for everyone to participate in a system where ownership is so important to standard of living. What has been really very disturbing in our society for these last 30, 40 years is we see the income disparity that ex-ists in our society. Much of it is be-cause working class people have been kept out of capital ownership, and that small, small number of Americans who own the capital have now vast amounts of wealth. Well, I am not against people being wealthy, but I think that we should make sure our system is designed as our Founding Fathers meant it to be, where you have a maximum amount of people enjoying the freedom and lib-erty and rights of all the rest of the citizens. This bill today and my proposal would just take us down a path in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.036 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5829 September 22, 2016 
which employees and ordinary working people would not only have a stake in their own company, but probably would have a stake in owning capital, which would bring down this disparity between working people and people of wealth. So today I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this legisla-tion. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again I want to reit-erate, I do appreciate working with Mr. P
AULSEN on this issue, and there is really no opposition from me in terms of the policy that we are attempting to put forward here on the floor today. We all agree on the merits of the bill. It is a good bill. I think you have heard that from the ranking member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and you also heard it from the gentlewoman on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Ms. E
SHOO . Obviously, Mr. P
AULSEN and I both agree that this bill has merit. It is a good bill. But I don’t believe this will become law today. This bill, the one we are actually debating and we will have a vote on today, in and of itself, will not be enacted in its form today. We need to enact good policies but not punish our next generation with new debt. That is something I have been reiterating over and over again. So I will vote ‘‘no’’ today on this bill, even though I am the cosponsor of the bill. That is not the only reason why I will not support the underlying bill today, not just because of placing the debt and the burden of that debt on my children, our children, your grand-children and great-grandchildren, but because of the fact that there are a number of crises going on in our coun-try today that the Congress, the Re-publican Congress, simply can’t get their hands around, and some are ques-tioning whether they want to get their hands around them at all. Here is a shocking statistic. Back in June of this year, it was reported by the CDC that 234 women in the 48 States, the continental United States, 234 women had contracted the Zika virus—pregnant women. I am sorry, pregnant women, 234 pregnant women. While we were here in Congress in the month of June and July and then we broke for 7 weeks in August, and there was no work here done on the floor to address the issue of the Zika virus, as of the middle of September, of this month, in the U.S., 48 continental U.S. States, 749 pregnant women now have the Zika virus. That is three times as many people in a 3-month pe-riod. Now, I don’t suggest that possibly it would be, in 3 months from now, three times higher than it is today. In fact, I would argue it is probably a lot higher if we continue down this road of not addressing this issue at all. But I would have to be one of the 515 women who contracted the Zika virus at the end of June and—why were we here in Congress and did not enact Zika legislation all through July, all through the month of August into Sep-tember? If I am one of those 515 women who is now pregnant, I have got to wonder: What is my government doing? They may have gotten it anyway, but at least the government may have been making an attempt to prevent them from contracting the virus. If I am one of those women, I am say-ing: The government didn’t do any-thing. The Republican Congress, who controls the House of Representatives and controls the Senate, didn’t do any-thing and, instead, forced the President to move money around the NIH, taking from cancer research, taking from the Ebola issue, taking those resources to try to stop the water from coming out of the dam, putting a finger in the hole. And that is a euphemism. I mean, at the end of the day, if you are one of the 515 women, there is no answer for it. There is no agreeable an-swer to them. They are living a night-mare. And let’s think about the thousands and thousands and thousands and thou-sands of children under the age of 9 in Flint, Michigan, who have been ex-posed to horrific levels of lead poi-soning in their drinking water, unbe-knownst to them and their families. Imagine you are the mother of that child or the father of that child, and you were giving them that drinking water, the guilt you must feel because you didn’t know that there was lead in that water. You didn’t know that your local government, your State govern-ment had let you down, and now your Federal Government is letting you down because we are not doing any-thing for them. When the call is to do something and there are negotiations going on, we are not going to have to pay for the tax cuts; but folks in Michigan and Flint and folks in Florida—and now Texas has to be concerned, the southern tier of the United States—we are going to have to find an offset to address your emergent issues. A tax cut for a bill that I think is worthy, we don’t need a tax cut for it. We don’t need a pay-for for the tax cut. But for an emergent crisis like Zika, like what happened in Flint, we have to find an offset. How would you feel? How would you feel, America, if that happened to you? How would you feel about the Repub-lican leadership of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate if that happened to you? I know how I would feel. I know how I feel. I feel disappointed. I feel let down. I feel like the Republican leader-ship and caucus in the House and the Senate doesn’t have your back, doesn’t have my back. That is how I feel about it. That is how Americans feel. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As we close, let me just start by thanking my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that have spoken in favor of the merits of the bill and in support for the bill. We all know that startups fuel innovation. b1400 It is the entrepreneurial spirit and American ingenuity and know-how that has produced new technologies and has produced new breakthroughs and new inventions to improve health care, to improve society, and to create more jobs and economic growth. It is part of our DNA. Startups don’t have the ability to offer potential employees and new tal-ent the same benefits or same salaries that can be more valuable in the long run than larger institutions can offer to certain employees. So, instead, these startups have to go forward and offer their employees something that could be more valuable—a chance to be a part of the company, a chance to own a piece of the rock. A lot of startups offer stock options to recruit top talent. It is an incentive for an employee to work hard for the company they believe in or in the idea that they believe in. But more and more often, employees at these startups are missing out. They are missing out on the opportunity because they are not exercising their stock op-tions to have the equity in the com-pany that they believe in. They are not exercising them because if they do, they have to immediately pay the taxes on the income associated with the stock even though they may not be able to afford the cash payment to do so. A big number of these startups, Mr. Speaker, are privately held with no market for the employees to sell a por-tion of their stock to pay their taxes. The IRS demands the tax payment im-mediately, and so those employees let their options expire. They never have the chance to get the investment at a job they believe in and a job they enjoy. But, today, Mr. Speaker, we are fix-ing that. We have a solution. We are giving these startup employees a rea-sonable time period to pay the tax, al-lowing them to wait until their stock becomes tradeable on a public market so they can sell it to pay the bill. Helping the innovation economy is a key and important way to promote new products, to promote new services, and to promote new ideas from the dream-ers, the inventors, and entrepreneurs we have in America. Letting those innovators attract the brightest and best talent is going to keep America out front, always innovating, always creating, and always inspiring Amer-ican leadership. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana). All time for de-bate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 875, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.037 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5830 September 22, 2016 
The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
MODERNIZING GOVERNMENT TECHNOLOGY ACT OF 2016 Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6004) to modernize Govern-ment information technology, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6004 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Modernizing Government Technology Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘MGT Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; PURPOSES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Federal Government spends nearly 75 percent of its annual information tech-nology funding on operating and maintain-ing existing, legacy information technology systems. These systems can pose operational risks, including rising costs and inability to meet mission requirements. These systems also pose security risks, including the inabil-ity to use current security best practices, such as data encryption and multi-factor au-thentication, making these systems particu-larly vulnerable to malicious cyber activity. (2) In 2015, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) designated Improving the Man-agement of IT Acquisitions and Operations to its biannual High Risk List and identified as a particular concern the increasing level of information technology spending on Oper-ations and Maintenance making less funding available for development or modernization. The GAO also found the Government has spent billions on failed and poorly per-forming IT investments due to a lack of ef-fective oversight. (3) The Federal Government must mod-ernize Federal IT systems to mitigate exist-ing operational and security risks. (4) The efficiencies, cost savings, and greater computing power, offered by modern-ized solutions, such as cloud computing, have the potential to— (A) eliminate inappropriate duplication and reduce costs; (B) address the critical need for cyber secu-rity by design; and (C) move the Federal Government into a broad, digital-services delivery model that will transform the Federal Government’s ability to meet mission requirements and de-liver services to the American people. (b) PURPOSES .—The purposes of this Act are the following: (1) Assist the Federal Government in mod-ernized Federal information technology to mitigate current operational and security risks. (2) Incentivize cost savings in Federal in-formation technology through moderniza-tion. (3) Accelerate the acquisition and deploy-ment of modernized information technology solutions, such as cloud computing, by ad-dressing impediments in the areas of fund-ing, development, and acquisition practices. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF AGENCY INFORMA-TION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS MOD-ERNIZATION AND WORKING CAP-ITAL FUNDS. 
(a) I NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM MOD-
ERNIZATION AND WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in each covered agency an information tech-nology system modernization and working capital fund (in this section referred to as the ‘‘IT working capital fund’’) for necessary expenses for the agency described in para-graph (3). (2) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—Amounts may be de-posited into an IT working capital fund as follows: (A) Reprogramming of funds, including re-programming of any funds available on the date of the enactment of this Act for the op-eration and maintenance of legacy informa-tion technology systems, in compliance with any applicable reprogramming law or guide-lines of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (B) Transfer of funds, including transfer of any funds available on the date of the enact-ment of this Act for the operation and main-tenance of legacy information technology systems, but only if transfer authority is specifically provided for by law. (C) Amounts made available through dis-cretionary appropriations. (3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An IT working capital fund established under paragraph (1) may be used, subject to the availability of appro-priations, only for the following: (A) To improve, retire, or replace existing information technology systems to improve efficiency and effectiveness. (B) To transition to cloud computing and innovative platforms and technologies. (C) To assist and support covered agency efforts to provide adequate, risk-based, and cost-effective information technology capa-bilities that address evolving threats to in-formation security. (D) Reimbursement of funds transferred from the Information Technology Mod-ernization Fund established under section 4, with the approval of the agency Chief Infor-mation Officer. (4) E
XISTING FUNDS .—An IT working capital fund may not be used to supplant funds pro-vided for the operation and maintenance of any system already within an appropriation for the covered agency at the time of estab-lishment of the IT working capital fund. (5) R
EPROGRAMMING AND TRANSFER OF  
FUNDS .—The head of each covered agency shall prioritize funds within the IT working capital fund to be used initially for cost sav-ings activities approved by the covered agen-cy Chief Information Officer, in consultation with the Administrator of the Office of Elec-tronic Government. The head of each covered agency may— (A) reprogram any amounts saved as a di-rect result of such activities for deposit into the applicable IT working capital fund, con-sistent with paragraph (2)(A); and (B) transfer any amounts saved as a direct result of such activities for deposit into the applicable IT working capital fund, con-sistent with paragraph (2)(B). (6) RETURN OF FUNDS .—Any funds deposited into an IT working capital fund shall be available for obligation for 3 years after the date of such deposit. (7) A
GENCY CIO RESPONSIBILITIES .—In evalu- ating projects to be funded from the IT working capital fund, the covered agency Chief Information Officer shall consider, to the extent applicable, guidance established pursuant to section 4(a)(1) to evaluate appli-cations for funding from the Information Technology Modernization Fund that include factors such as a strong business case, tech-nical design, procurement strategy (includ-ing adequate use of incremental software de-velopment practices), and program manage-ment. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 6 months thereafter, the head of each covered agency shall submit to the Di-rector the following, with respect to the IT working capital fund for that covered agen-cy: (A) A list of each information technology investment funded with estimated cost and completion date for each such investment. (B) A summary by fiscal year of the obliga-tions, expenditures, and unused balances. (2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Director shall make the information required pursu-ant to paragraph (1) publicly available on a website. (c) C
OVERED AGENCY DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered agency’’ means each agency listed in section 901(b) of title 31, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. ESTABLISHMENT OF INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY MODERNIZATION FUND AND BOARD. 
(a) I NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZA -
TION FUND.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury an Information Technology Modernization Fund (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Fund’’) for technology related ac-tivities, to improve information technology, to enhance cybersecurity across the Federal Government, and to be administered in ac-cordance with guidance established by the Director of the Office of Management of Budget. (2) A
DMINISTRATION OF FUND .—The Admin-istrator of General Services, in consultation with the Chief Information Officers Council and with the concurrence of the Director, shall administer the Fund in accordance with this subsection. (3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Administrator of General Services shall, in accordance with the recommendations of the Information Technology Modernization Board established under subsection (b), use amounts in the Fund for the following purposes: (A) To transfer such amounts, to remain available until expended, to the head of an agency to improve, retire, or replace existing information technology systems to enhance cybersecurity and improve efficiency and ef-fectiveness. (B) For the development, operation, and procurement of information technology products, services, and acquisition vehicles for use by agencies to improve Government-wide efficiency and cybersecurity in accord-ance with the requirements of the agencies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.040 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5831 September 22, 2016 
(C) To provide services or work performed in support of the activities described under subparagraph (A) or (B). (4) C
REDITS ; AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— (A) C
REDITS .—In addition to any funds oth-erwise appropriated, the Fund shall be cred-ited with all reimbursements, advances, or refunds or recoveries relating to information technology or services provided through the Fund. (B) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Amounts de-posited, credited, or otherwise made avail-able to the Fund shall be available, as pro-vided in appropriations Acts, until expended for the purposes described in paragraph (3). (5) R
EIMBURSEMENT .— (A) P
AYMENT BY AGENCY .—For a product or service developed under paragraph (3), the head of an agency that uses such product or service shall pay an amount fixed by the Ad-ministrator of General Services in accord-ance with this subsection. (B) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY AGENCY .—The head of an agency shall reimburse the Fund for any transfer made under paragraph (3)(A) in accordance with the terms established in the written agreement described in paragraph (6). Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an agency may make a reimbursement required by this subparagraph from any ap-propriation available for information tech-nology activities. An obligation to make a payment under an agreement described in paragraph (6) in a future fiscal year shall be recorded pursuant to section 1501 of title 31, United States Code, in the fiscal year in which the payment is due. (C) P
RICES FIXED BY ADMINISTRATOR OF GEN -
ERAL SERVICES .—The Administrator of Gen-eral Services, in consultation with the Direc-tor, shall establish amounts to be paid by an agency and terms of repayment for use of a product or service developed under para-graph (3) at levels sufficient to ensure the solvency of the Fund, including operating ex-penses. Before making any changes to the es-tablished amounts and terms of repayment, the Administrator of General Services shall conduct a review and obtain approval from the Director. (D) F
AILURE TO MAKE TIMELY REIMBURSE -
MENT .—The Administrator of General Serv-ices may obtain reimbursement by the issuance of transfer and counterwarrants, or other lawful transfer documents, supported by itemized bills, if payment is not made by an agency— (i) within 90 days after the expiration of a repayment period described in the written agreement described in paragraph (6)(A); or (ii) within 45 days after the expiration of the time period to make a payment under a payment schedule for a product or service developed under paragraph (3). (6) W
RITTEN AGREEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Before the transfer of funds to an agency under paragraph (3)(A), the Administrator of General Services (in consultation with the Director) and the head of the requisitioning agency shall enter into a written agreement documenting the pur-pose for which the funds will be used and the terms of repayment. An agreement made pursuant to this subparagraph shall be re-corded as an obligation as provided in para-graph (5)(B). (B) R
EQUIREMENT FOR USE OF INCREMENTAL  
DEVELOPMENT PRACTICES .—For any funds transferred to an agency under paragraph (3)(A), in the absence of compelling cir-cumstances documented by the Adminis-trator of General Services at the time of transfer, such funds shall be transferred only on an incremental basis, tied to metric-based development milestones achieved by the agency, to be described in the written agree-ment required pursuant to subparagraph (A). (7) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Director shall publish and maintain a list of each project funded by the Fund on a public website to be updated not less than quarterly, that includes a de-scription of the project, project status (in-cluding any schedule delay and cost over-runs), and financial expenditure data related to the project. (b) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZA -
TION BOARD .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established an Information Technology Modernization Board (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Board’’) which shall evaluate proposals sub-mitted by agencies for funding authorized under the Fund. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the Board are the following: (A) Provide input to the Director for the development of processes for agencies to sub-mit modernization proposals to the Board and to establish the criteria by which such proposals are evaluated, which shall include addressing the greatest security and oper-ational risks, having the greatest Govern-mentwide impact, and having a high prob-ability of success based on factors such as a strong business case, technical design, pro-curement strategy (including adequate use of incremental software development prac-tices), and program management. (B) Make recommendations to the Admin-istrator of General Services to assist agen-cies in the further development and refine-ment of select submitted modernization pro-posals, based on an initial evaluation per-formed with the assistance of the Adminis-trator of General Services. (C) review and prioritize, with the assist-ance of the Administrator of General Serv-ices and the Director, modernization pro-posals based on criteria established pursuant to subparagraph (A). (D) Identify, with the assistance of the Ad-ministrator of General Services, opportuni-ties to improve or replace multiple informa-tion technology systems with a smaller num-ber of information technology systems com-mon to multiple agencies. (E) Recommend the funding of moderniza-tion projects, in accordance with the uses de-scribed in subsection (a)(3), to the Adminis-trator of General Services. (F) Monitor, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator of General Services, progress and performance in executing approved projects and, if necessary, recommend the suspension or termination of funding for projects based on factors such as failure to meet the terms of the written agreement de-scribed in subsection (a)(6). (G) Monitor operating costs of the Fund. (3) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Board shall consist of 8 voting members. (4) C
HAIR.—The Chair of the Board shall be the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government. (5) P
ERMANENT MEMBERS .—The permanent members of the Board shall be the following: (A) The Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government. (B) A senior official from the General Serv-ices Administration, who shall be appointed by the Administrator of General Services. (6) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS OF THE BOARD .— (A) A
PPOINTMENT .—The other members of the Board shall be appointed as follows: (i) One employee of the National Institute of Standards and Technology of the Depart-ment of Commerce, appointed by the Sec-retary of Commerce. (ii) One employee of the National Protec-tion and Programs Directorate of the De-partment of Homeland Security, appointed by the Secretary of Homeland Security. (iii) One employee of the Department of Defense, appointed by the Secretary of De-fense. (iv) Three Federal employees primarily having technical expertise in information technology development, financial manage-ment, cybersecurity and privacy, and acqui-sition, appointed by the Director. (B) TERM.—Each member of the Board de-scribed in paragraph (A) shall serve a term of one year, which shall be renewable up to three times, at the discretion of the appoint-ing Secretary or Director, as applicable. (7) P
ROHIBITION ON COMPENSATION .—Mem- bers of the Board may not receive additional pay, allowances, or benefits by reason of their service on the Board. (8) S
TAFF .—Upon request of the Chair of the Board, the Director and the Adminis-trator of General Services may detail, on a nonreimbursable basis, any of the personnel of the Office of Management and Budget or the General Services Administration (as the case may be) to the Board to assist it in car-rying out its functions under this Act. (c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF THE ADMINIS -
TRATOR OF GENERAL SERVICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the respon-sibilities described in subsection (a), the Ad-ministrator of General Services shall support the activities of the Board and provide tech-nical support to, and, with the concurrence of the Director, oversight of, agencies that receive transfers from the Fund. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the Administrator of General Services are to— (A) provide direct technical support in the form of personnel services or otherwise to agencies transferred amounts under sub-section (a)(3)(A) and for products, services, and acquisition vehicles funded under sub-section (a)(3)(B); (B) assist the Board with the evaluation, prioritization, and development of agency modernization proposals; (C) perform regular project oversight and monitoring of approved agency moderniza-tion projects, in consultation with the Board and the Director, to increase the likelihood of successful implementation and reduce waste; and (D) provide the Director with information necessary to meet the requirements of sub-section (a)(7). (d) A
GENCY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 5. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
LOUD COMPUTING .—The term ‘‘cloud computing’’ has the meaning given that term by the National Institute of Standards and Technology in NIST Special Publication 800–145 and any amendatory or superseding document thereto. (2) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. (3) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘information technology’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. (4) L
EGACY INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘‘legacy information tech-nology system’’ means an outdated or obso-lete system of information technology. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.006 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5832 September 22, 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 6004, the Modernizing Government Technology Act of 2016. At the beginning of this month, we re-leased an extensive report detailing how the Office of Personnel Manage-ment allowed the sensitive and per-sonal information of over 22 million Americans to be stolen, thereby jeop-ardizing our national security for more than a generation of people. The yearlong investigation produced many findings, including the identi-fication of a pressing need for Federal agencies to modernize legacy IT in order to mitigate the cybersecurity threat inherent in unsupported end-of- life IT systems and application. We had too many old things on our network. In other words, a reliance on legacy IT can result in security vulnerabilities where old software or operating sys-tems are no longer supported by ven-dors, and aging IT infrastructure be-comes difficult and expensive to se-cure. We saw this firsthand with the OPM data breach where sensitive informa-tion was stored on technology so old it was difficult, and in some cases impos-sible, to implement security best prac-tices like data encryption. OPM is not alone. It is common throughout the Federal Government for agencies to struggle with legacy IT. For example, the Department of Labor had to buy spare parts on eBay because they were no longer available from the original vendor. Consider another ex-ample that our committee learned about during a hearing that high-lighted a GAO report on legacy IT. We learned DOD’s Strategic Auto-mated Command and Control System is 50 years ago old and runs on a 1970s IBM Series One computer that uses an 8-inch floppy disk. By comparison, it would take 3.2 million floppy disks to equal the memory of one flash drive. Numerous other agencies still use Windows 3.0, which was last supported by the vendor in 2001; Windows NT, which last supported in 2004; and Win-dows 95, which was last supported by the vendor in 2001. The recently issued OPM report demonstrates the security risk of such legacy IT and recommends Congress consider new tools to incentivize the transition from legacy to modernized IT solutions across the Federal Government. I am happy to say this bipartisan bill follows up on that recommendation. The MGT Act builds on bills introduced by myself and Minority Whip STENY  H
OYER and ideas from Federal CIO Tony Scott based on his experience in the private sector. Mr. Speaker, the MGT Act is a key first step in beginning to modernize the Federal Government’s outdated and in-secure IT infrastructure. I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 6004. I would like to thank a number of folks that worked hard for the past few months to bring the best ideas forward in this one bill. I want to thank Chair-man C
HAFFETZ and Ranking Member C
UMMINGS for their leadership on this issue. I want to thank my colleague, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , who was the lead Demo-cratic cosponsor. As I said before, key portions of Mr. H
OYER ’s bill on the ITMF legislation were included into the MGT Act. Of course, I would like to thank my dear friend and ranking member of my sub-committee, Ms. R
OBIN KELLY of Illi-nois, along with Mr. T
EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, and especially Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY . His Innovation Ini-tiative is a key reason that we are able to talk about this significant piece of legislation today. Again, I would like to urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 6004. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6004, the Modernizing Government Technology Act of 2016. Let me also thank my good friend and coauthor of this bill, Mr. H
URDof Texas, for his leadership in shepherding this bill through our committee and now on to the floor. Sometimes, de-servedly, Congress gets dinged on for not being able to get anything done. But the fact of the matter is that, below the surface, lots of things can and do get done with leadership, col-laboration, and partnership. Mr. H
URD of Texas epitomizes that, and my hat is off to him for his contribution on this whole front of IT modernization and helping to bring the Federal Govern-ment into the 21st century when it comes to the use of technology. Every day Federal agencies endure cyber attacks that have the potential to cause incalculable damage to na-tional security and the privacy of all Americans. While the Federal Govern-ment does its best to protect our crit-ical computer networks, our efforts are often stymied by the outdated legacy information technologies in Federal agencies. Agencies spend nearly 75 per-cent of their IT budgets simply trying to maintain these outdated systems. Let me repeat that: in an $82 billion program for IT acquisition procure-ment and management, 75 percent of that budget is not spent in updating the Federal Government in cutting- edge technologies. It is spent maintain-ing what we have got, and in some cases, those legacy systems go back 40 and 50 years. I am proud to lead the Modernizing Government Technology Act of 2016 with Mr. HURD of Texas to help our cyber defenders protect our most im-portant digital resources. When you are dealing with outmoded technology, legacy systems oftentimes can’t be pro-tected. They can’t be encrypted, and that makes them terribly vulnerable— low hanging fruit to those who would do harm to our country and would compromise the data of millions of Americans. This bill in front of us marries the IT Modernization Act and the MOVE IT Act by establishing a clear role for both of these pieces of legislation in this improvement process for Federal IT systems. The MGT Act lays the foundation for the future of IT modernization funding in the Federal Government. This bipar-tisan legislation will provide a mecha-nism for agencies to get ahead of the curve and help reduce the fiscal chal-lenges facing every agency chief infor-mation officer, or CIO. The MGT Act will authorize a significant upfront in-vestment to retire those vulnerable large-scale legacy systems affecting multiple agencies. Under the guidance of an Information Technology Modernization Board, agencies will be able now to request funds to facilitate those modernization efforts—something that would abso-lutely be the practice in the private sector, as I know my friend, Mr. H
URD of Texas, knows. If approved, those funds will be repaid through savings re-alized by the implementation of the more modern IT systems. The bill places an emphasis on following the practice of private industry and mov-ing toward cloud computing solutions. The MGT Act will allow agencies to invest savings generated through the Federal Information Technology Ac-quisition Reform Act, or FITARA for short, and other reforms to make in-vestments in cloud transition. I was delighted to be a coauthor of the FITARA Act along with D
ARRELL  I
SSAof California. The MGT Act will establish working capital funds that will allow those agencies to use savings from new, se-cure systems and to reinvest in them-selves, including in the movement to-ward the cloud. This creates incentives for agencies to find those savings and reinvest internally in themselves, cre-ating a virtuous cycle. The Modernizing Government Tech-nology Act is supported by industry ex-perts and incorporates the same sort of mechanisms the private sector often uses to secure its networks. It is important for agencies to know that Congress not only expects agen-cies to implement robust, modern cyber safeguards, but that it is here to help them confront these challenges. This reform has the potential to sig-nificantly speed up the Federal Govern-ment’s move to the 21st century tech-nologies. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.041 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5833 September 22, 2016 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. As the distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), my friend, pointed out, the GAO has identified that millions of taxpayer dollars can be saved through consolidating data cen-ters and modernizing IT systems. b1415 To date, agencies have closed over 3,000 data centers out of over 10,000, re-sulting in a savings of $2.8 billion. This bill authorizes agency-level working capital funds, as well as a cen-tralized IT modernization fund within Treasury and overseen by OMB. These funds will accelerate our transition to modernize IT systems and will save American taxpayers millions of dol-lars. In other words, welcome to the 21st century, Federal Government. It is about time you got here. The Modernizing Government Tech-nology Act does not appropriate any new money, but, instead, builds on the successes of FITARA, which Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY was instrumental in making happen. It also invests savings in retir-ing these data systems and accel-erating our transition to the cloud. Folks recognize that sometimes up here in Washington, D.C., it can be a circus, but there are times when folks working together can actually solve major problems. This is one example of being in a partisan part of our election cycle where people working together can solve a big problem and do it to make sure that we are using American taxpayer dollars wisely and eventually, hopefully, making sure they keep some of that at home. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my good friend from Texas. He is always gracious and has always been a wonderful partner in this enter-prise. In closing, the United States Govern-ment must come into the 21st century. We owe it to the people we serve to protect the systems that operate with-in the 24 Federal agencies we are par-ticularly concerned about. We need to streamline management of IT assets; we need to make strategic and wise investments; we need to have a schedule of replacement for most of those legacy systems; and we need to encrypt and protect against cyber at-tacks for the sake of the American peo-ple. I think Mr. H
URDand I share that as a critical mission not only for this Congress, but for the United States Government as a whole. I am proud, again, to be an original coauthor and cosponsor of this legisla-tion, working with Mr. H
URD. I know we have other initiatives we are going to be working on as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6004, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE FUR-THER CONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGE ON H.R. 1777, PRESI-DENTIAL ALLOWANCE MOD-ERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding the order of the House of July 25, 2016, I ask unanimous con-sent that further consideration of the veto message and the bill, H.R. 1777, be postponed until the legislative day of December 9, 2016. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 19 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1625 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia) at 4 o’clock and 25 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 879, by the yeas and nays; Adoption of House Resolution 879, if ordered; Passage of H.R. 5719, by the yeas and nays; and Motions to suspend the rules on: H.R. 5320, H.R. 5946, H.R. 2285, H.R. 5523, H.R. 5625, S. 1550, H.R. 4419, and H.R. 5963, each by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5931, PROHIBITING FU-TURE RANSOM PAYMENTS TO IRAN ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 879) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5931) to pro-vide for the prohibition on cash pay-ments to the Government of Iran, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 236, nays 175, not voting 20, as follows: [Roll No. 542] YEAS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.041 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5834 September 22, 2016 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—175 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—20 
Bass Bonamici Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Fincher Gutie´rrez Lieu, Ted Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Moore Mulvaney Pelosi Poe (TX) Rooney (FL) Rush Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sherman Tiberi Tipton Walters, Mimi 
b1648 Mr. WALZ, Mrs. DINGELL, and Mr. RICHMOND changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. BENISHEK changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 178, not voting 17, as follows: [Roll No. 543] AYES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—178 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—17 
Bonamici Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Dingell Fincher Gutie´rrez Lieu, Ted Loudermilk Moore Mulvaney Pelosi Poe (TX) Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1656 Mr. CARSON of Indiana changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 543. 
f 
EMPOWERING EMPLOYEES THROUGH STOCK OWNERSHIP ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 5719) to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax treatment of certain equity grants, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.011 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5835 September 22, 2016 
This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 287, nays 124, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 544] YEAS—287 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—124 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kirkpatrick Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Nadler Napolitano O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—20 
Bonamici Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Fincher Graves (LA) Gutie´rrez Lieu, Ted Meadows Moore Mulvaney Pelosi Poe (TX) Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Smith (NJ) Stutzman Tiberi Walker Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1702 Mr. CICILLINE changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 544, I was in discussions on Lou-isiana flood relief funding. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 544, H.R. 5719, Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
SOCIAL SECURITY MUST AVERT IDENTITY LOSS (MAIL) ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5320) to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Social Security Administration, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAM J
OHNSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 414, nays 0, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 545] YEAS—414 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.048 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5836 September 22, 2016 
Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—17 
Bonamici Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Fincher Gutie´rrez Larson (CT) Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Pelosi Poe (TX) Rokita Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1710 Mr. CONNOLLY changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. CARSON of Indiana changed his vote from ‘‘present’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. UNITED STATES APPRECIATION FOR OLYMPIANS AND PARALYMPIANS ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5946) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competition in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 415, nays 1, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 546] YEAS—415 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—1 
Himes 
NOT VOTING—15 
Bonamici Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Fincher Gutie´rrez Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Pelosi Poe (TX) Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1717 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.015 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5837 September 22, 2016 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PREVENT TRAFFICKING IN CULTURAL PROPERTY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2285) to improve enforcement against trafficking in cultural property and prevent stolen or illicit cultural property from financing terrorist and criminal networks, and for other pur-poses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OS-
KAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 415, nays 0, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 547] YEAS—415 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Bonamici Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Fincher Gutie´rrez Hudson Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Pelosi Poe (TX) Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1723 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
RESTRAINING EXCESSIVE SEIZURE OF PROPERTY THROUGH THE EXPLOITATION OF CIVIL ASSET FORFEITURE TOOLS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5523) to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the In-ternal Revenue Service from carrying out seizures relating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the pur-pose of concealing the violation of an-other criminal law or regulation, to re-quire notice and a post-seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other pur-poses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OS-
KAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 415, nays 0, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 548] YEAS—415 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.053 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5838 September 22, 2016 
Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Bonamici Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Fincher Gutie´rrez Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Pelosi Poe (TX) Price (NC) Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1730 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MODERNIZING GOVERNMENT TRAVEL ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5625) to provide for reim-bursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees trav-eling on official Government business, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 415, nays 0, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 549] YEAS—415 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Fincher Frankel (FL) Gutie´rrez Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Pelosi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.019 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5839 September 22, 2016 
Poe (TX) Price (NC) Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1737 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT IM-PROVEMENT ACCOUNTABILITY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1550) to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project management in certain Federal agencies, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 404, nays 11, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 550] YEAS—404 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—11 
Amash Brat Brooks (AL) Gosar Griffith Grothman Huelskamp Jones Jordan Massie Perry 
NOT VOTING—16 
Beyer Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Fincher Gutie´rrez Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Pelosi Poe (TX) Price (NC) Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1743 Mr. GROTHMAN changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JUDICIAL FINANCIAL TRANSPARENCY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (HR. 4419) to update the financial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 414, nays 0, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 551] YEAS—414 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.020 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5840 September 22, 2016 
Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—17 
Beyer Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Fincher Gutie´rrez Kelly (IL) Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Pelosi Poe (TX) Price (NC) Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1749 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to update the finan-cial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts and to make other improvements to the District of Columbia courts.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SUPPORTING YOUTH OPPOR-TUNITY AND PREVENTING DE-LINQUENCY ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5963) to reauthorize and im-prove the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 382, nays 29, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 552] YEAS—382 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.022 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5841 September 22, 2016 
Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—29 
Amash Babin Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Chaffetz Duncan (TN) Farenthold Gohmert Gosar Griffith Harris Huelskamp Jones Jordan Labrador Marchant Massie McClintock Palmer Perry Price, Tom Sanford Sensenbrenner Weber (TX) Westmoreland Wittman 
NOT VOTING—20 
Beyer Brown (FL) Carter (GA) Fincher Gutie´rrez Joyce Kelly (IL) Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Pelosi Poe (TX) Price (NC) Rigell Rooney (FL) Ruppersberger Rush Sanchez, Loretta Tiberi Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1755 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATOIN  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, September 22, 2016 I was absent due to personal reasons and missed votes. Had I been present, I would have voted as fol-lows: Rollcall No. 542 on ordering the previous question—‘‘Aye.’’ Rollcall No. 543 adoption of H.Res. 879—‘‘Aye.’’ Rollcall No. 544 passage of H.R. 5719—‘‘Aye.’’ Rollcall No. 545 pas-sage of H.R. 5320—‘‘Aye.’’ Rollcall No. 546 passage of H.R. 5946—‘‘Aye.’’ Rollcall No. 547 passage of H.R. 2285—‘‘Aye.’’ Rollcall No. 548 passage of H.R. 5523—‘‘Aye.’’ Roll-call No. 549 passage of H.R. 5625—‘‘Aye.’’ Rollcall No. 550 passage of House Amend-ment to S. 1550—‘‘Aye.’’ Rollcall No. 551 pas-sage of H.R. 4419—‘‘Aye.’’ Rollcall No. 552 passage of H.R. 5963—‘‘Aye.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 544 (on passage of H.R. 5719), 545 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5320), 546 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5946), 547 (mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass, as amend-ed H.R. 2285), 548 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5523), 549 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5625), 550 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended House Amendment to S. 1550), 551 (motion to sus-pend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 4419), and 552 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended H.R. 5963) I did not cast my vote due to illness. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on all of the votes. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concur-rence of the House is requested: S. 1878. An act to extend the pediatric pri-ority review voucher program. S. 2683. An act to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration. 
The message also announced that pursuant to Public Law 110–315, the Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, appoints the following indi-vidual to be a member of the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity: Steven VanAusdle of Washington vice Cameron Staples of Connecticut. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
USSELL ). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on additional mo-tions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on postponed ques-tions will be taken later. 
f 
SAN LUIS REY INDIAN WATER RIGHTS SETTLEMENT ACT AMENDMENT Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1296) to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1296 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SAN LUIS REY SETTLEMENT AGREE-MENT IMPLEMENTATION. 
The San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act (Public Law 100–675) is amended by inserting after section 111 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 112. IMPLEMENTATION OF SETTLEMENT. 
‘‘(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds and recog-nizes as follows: ‘‘(1) The City of Escondido, California, the Vista Irrigation District, the San Luis Rey River Indian Water Authority, and the Bands have approved an agreement, dated Decem-ber 5, 2014, resolving their disputes over the use of certain land and water rights in or near the San Luis Rey River watershed, the terms of which are consistent with this Act. ‘‘(2) The Bands, the San Luis Rey River In-dian Water Authority, the City of Escondido, California, the Vista Irrigation District, and the United States have approved a Settle-ment Agreement dated January 30, 2015 (hereafter in this section referred to as the ‘Settlement Agreement’) that conforms to the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(b) A
PPROVAL AND RATIFICATION .—All pro- visions of the Settlement Agreement, includ-ing the waivers and releases of the liability of the United States, the provisions regard-ing allottees, and the provision entitled ‘Ef-fect of Settlement Agreement and Act,’ are hereby approved and ratified. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATIONS .—The Secretary and the Attorney General are authorized to exe-cute, on behalf of the United States, the Set-tlement Agreement and any amendments ap-proved by the parties as necessary to make the Settlement Agreement consistent with this Act. Such execution shall not constitute a major Federal action under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). The Secretary is further author-ized and directed to take all steps that the Secretary may deem necessary or appro-priate to implement the Settlement Agree-ment and this Act. ‘‘(d) CONTINUED FEDERALLY RESERVED AND O
THER WATER RIGHTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including any provi-sions in this Act, the Bands had, have, and continue to possess federally reserved rights and other water rights held in trust by the United States. ‘‘(2) F
UTURE PROCEEDINGS .—In any pro-ceeding involving the assertion, enforce-ment, or defense of the rights described in this subsection, the United States, in its ca-pacity as trustee for any Band, shall not be a required party and any decision by the United States regarding participation in any such proceeding shall not be subject to judi-cial review or give rise to any claim for re-lief against the United States. ‘‘(e) A
LLOTTEES .—Congress finds and con-firms that the benefits to allottees in the Settlement Agreement, including the rem-edies and provisions requiring that any rights of allottees shall be satisfied from supplemental water and other water avail-able to the Bands or the Indian Water Au-thority, are equitable and fully satisfy the water rights of the allottees. ‘‘(f) N
OPRECEDENT .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed or interpreted as a prece-dent for the litigation or settlement of In-dian reserved water rights.’’. 
SEC. 2. DISBURSEMENT OF FUNDS. 
The second sentence of section 105(b)(1) of the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Set-tlement Act (Public Law 100–675) is amended by striking the period at the end, and insert-ing the following: ‘‘, provided that— ‘‘(i) no more than $3,700,000 per year (in principal, interest or both) may be so allo-cated; and ‘‘(ii) none of the funds made available by this section shall be available unless the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget first certifies in writing to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on In-dian Affairs of the Senate that the federal budget will record budgetary outlays from the San Luis Rey Tribal Development Fund of only the monies, not to exceed $3,700,000 annually, that the Secretary of the Treas-ury, pursuant to this section, allocates and makes available to the Indian Water Author-ity from the trust fund.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.023 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5842 September 22, 2016 
The bill before us today helps bring closure to almost 50 years of litigation and uncertainty that have impacted tribal and nontribal communities in southern California. b1800 Negotiations between five tribes, water districts, cities, and Federal Government have been ongoing for dec-ades, and this bill represents the re-sults of those successful negotiations. The Federal money has already been appropriated for this settlement, and this bill, as amended, includes provi-sions that are aimed at resolving direct spending issues that have been identi-fied by the Congressional Budget Of-fice. It is not often that both sides of the aisle come to an agreement on any-thing involving California water. While I hope that we will have agreement on larger California water issues in the near future, this bill shows that we can come together. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill approves a water rights set-tlement agreement that would resolve nearly five decades of litigation. That is a great thing. The 2015 settlement between the United States and the parties that Mr. D
ENHAM just mentioned is important, and approving this settlement will fi-nally put an end to years of bitter fighting over water rights in the San Luis Rey River Basin. It also leaves in-tact the full amount of funds Congress previously appropriated for the tribes. This kind of negotiation is important, and the painstaking work that has gone into it is to be commended. Now it is up to Congress to do its part to implement a well-crafted settlement. I commend my colleagues across the aisle for introducing this bill and for moving it through the House, and I thank the committee staffs on both sides who have been working hard to bring this bill to the floor. I have to say, though, Mr. Speaker, that all of this good, collaborative work represented in Mr. H
UNTER ’s bill stands in contrast to another set of pending water agreements in our State. I hope that the Obama administration will look at this successful example of collaboration in San Diego County and reconsider its current approach to the Westlands-San Joaquin Valley drain-age disputes, where Congress and the public have been extremely ill-served. In the two pending drainage agree-ments, the Interior Department has agreed to waive hundreds of millions of dollars that are owed to taxpayers. They have failed to close off potential litigation risks from other parties and have failed to secure actual commit-ments to clean up the contamination. They have also promised to write a new, permanent water contract for a party that is not a tribal party but is in an arid state where everyone is hurt-ing for clean water. Meanwhile, we weren’t able to receive administration testimony on one of the agreements due, in part, to a pending inspector general investigation of the bene-ficiaries. I am hopeful that, in the next admin-istration and in a new Congress, we can do a better job on this drainage issue and, specifically, that we will be able to tackle those California drainage dis-putes with the same level of collabora-tion and problem-solving that we have seen in the San Luis Rey Basin. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUN-
TER). Mr. HUNTER. I thank the gentleman and my great friend from California. Mr. Speaker, the parties to this set-tlement have been working towards a resolution for almost 50 years; so I will keep my remarks brief so that we don’t delay them any further. Before I get into the substance of this bill, I thank Chairman B
ISHOP , Chairman F LEMING , and the Natural Resources Committee staff for their assistance in getting this bill to the floor right now. I also thank my friends across the aisle. Today we are addressing an issue that dates back to the late 19th cen-tury, when the Federal Government es-tablished reservations—in what is now my district in northern San Diego County—for five Mission Indian bands. The creation of these reservations in-cluded sufficient water to meet the bands’ present and future needs. How-ever, in 1969, litigation arose sur-rounding whether the Federal Govern-ment improperly signed over the bands’ water rights claims to two non-Indian municipalities—what are today the city of Escondido and the Vista Irriga-tion District. In 1988, after decades of litigation, Congress enacted legislation that was introduced by former Congressman Ron Packard, the 1988 San Luis Rey Water Rights Settlement Act. Among its pro-visions, the legislation directed the U.S. Secretary of the Interior to pro-vide water annually to the tribes and established the San Luis Rey Tribal Development Fund. However, that act only becomes effective when all of the parties to the litigation enter into a settlement agreement providing for the complete resolution of all claims. That is what the legislation we are consid-ering today accomplishes. This legislation puts into effect a previous Department of Justice settle-ment agreed to by all parties—the five Mission Indian bands, the two local municipalities, and the Federal Gov-ernment—and requires no new money or water to be enacted. With the pas-sage of H.R. 1296, Congress can, at last, end this dispute and finalize the action it sought in passing the original settle-ment act in 1988. I urge all Members to support this bi-partisan legislation. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, in clos-ing, this is one small step to Califor-nia’s water solutions. It is about time that we came together on this one small issue in California. Now it is time to face the much bigger issues of a drought-stricken State that con-tinues to see a lack of water storage. It is time that we find a real solution for all of California. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1296, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ROBERT EMMET PARK ACT OF 2016 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4564) to redesignate the small tri-angular property located in Wash-ington, DC, and designated by the Na-tional Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4564 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Robert Emmet Park Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds as follows: (1) Robert Emmet was one of Ireland’s most prominent historical figures, having led an effort to secure Irish independence in 1803. (2) Although Emmet’s efforts initially failed, they succeeded in inspiring new gen-erations of Irish men and women to struggle for independence. (3) For his efforts to gain Irish independ-ence, Emmet was found guilty of treason and sentenced to death by hanging. (4) Robert Emmet’s ‘‘Speech from the Dock’’ motivated many of the efforts that led to an independent Ireland following 1916’s Easter Rising; (Emmet famously said that ‘‘To [Ireland] I sacrificed every selfish, every lasting sentiment . . . I wished to place her independence beyond the reach of any power of earth . . . to procure for my country the guarantee which Washington procured for America . . . to exalt her to that proud sta-tion in the world.’’). Emmet was strongly in-fluenced by American democracy and the American Revolution. (5) Emmet had family members similarly admiring of the United States and dedicated to the cause of Irish independence, including his brother Thomas Addis Emmet who went on to become a prominent Attorney General of New York. (6) Emmet has been revered by generations of Irish-Americans for his leadership, cour-age, and sacrifice. (7) Fifty years ago on April 22, 1966, the Robert Emmet Statue was dedicated on a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.067 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5843 September 22, 2016 
small parcel of National Park Service land (reservation 302) at the corner of 24th Street NW and Massachusetts Avenue NW in Wash-ington, DC. (8) Robert Emmet’s statue is the central feature of reservation 302. (9) Many leading Members of Congress, in-cluding Speaker of the House John W. McCormack and Senators Everett Dirksen and Mike Mansfield served on the Robert Emmet Statue Dedication Committee. (10) Other members of that committee and participants in the dedication ceremony in-cluded Secretary of the Interior Stewart Udall, Representative Michael Kirwan, Am-bassador of Ireland William P. Fay, and Rec-tor of St. Matthews Cathedral John K. Cart-wright. 
SEC. 3. REDESIGNATION OF ROBERT EMMET PARK. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The small triangular property designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302, shall be known as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’. (b) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in any law, regulation, document, record, map, paper, or other record of the United States to the property referred to in subsection (a) is deemed to be a reference to ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’. (c) S
IGNAGE .—The Secretary of the Interior may post signs on or near Robert Emmet Park that include one or more of the fol-lowing: (1) Information on Robert Emmet, his con-tribution to Irish Independence, and his re-spect for the United States and the Amer-ican Revolution. (2) Information on the history of the statue of Robert Emmet located in Robert Emmet Park. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill, introduced by Congressman C
ROWLEY of New York, redesignates a small, triangular property in Wash-ington, D.C., that is currently des-ignated by the National Park Service as reservation 302, as Robert Emmet Park. Robert Emmet is a prominent histor-ical figure who is known for his role in the Irish Rebellion of 1803 and for his classic Speech from the Dock that in-spired future efforts to gain Irish inde-pendence. Last April marked the 100th anniversary of the 1916 uprising, com-monly known as the Easter Rising by Irish Republicans, to end British rule and establish an independent Irish Re-public. The small property redesignated by the bill is located just a few blocks from the Irish Embassy, and it cur-rently features a nearly 100-year-old statue of Robert Emmet—a source of pride for America’s Irish community. The bill also authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to post informational signage regarding Robert Emmet and his statue in the park. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, Robert Emmet was an Irishman who was in-spired by our hard-fought independence in this country, and he wanted the same for his native land. I think this bill is a wonderful thing for Ireland and a wonderful thing for Irish Americans, including for my colleague, Mr. CROW-
LEY, a great, proud Irish American. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4564 designates a small triangle of land in Washington, DC as the Robert Emmet Park. The parcel is home to a statue of Robert Emmet, a seminary figure in Ireland’s quest for independence. The bill also authorizes the National Park Service, which managed the area, to add interpretive displays and signage to the area. Emmet admired the independence we achieved in this country, and only wanted the same freedom and liberty for his compatriots. These powerful sentiments are a charge to all of us in this Chamber and throughout the country: that we put the good of our fellow countrymen before our individual gains and that we work together to preserve this great Nation. By designating this small plot of land and the accompanying statue as Robert Emmet Park, this stands as a constant reminder of the call to liberty and freedom that binds our Nation together. I am glad to support this bill and thank the sponsor, Representative J
OE C
ROWLEY of New York, the vice-chair of the Democratic Caucus. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ). Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank both of my friends from California for bringing this bill to the floor today. I am not a member of the requisite com-mittee, but I appreciate the work that was done to bring it to the floor. I thank them both for speaking in favor of this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, it is interesting that we are here this week at the cusp of the grand opening of the National Museum of African American History and Cul-ture here in Washington, D.C.—a, rightfully, magnificent building here on The Mall of our Nation’s Capital. I think, after listening to a few of the re-marks I will make about this little piece of property here in Washington, it is a modicum in comparison to that, but it is, I think, worthy of our sup-port. This is a bipartisan bill that is before us today. It has earned the support of both sides of the aisle. Specifically, it would name a small parcel of land in Washington, D.C., as the Robert Emmet Park. In some ways, the name can be considered a formality because, as has been mentioned by Mr. D
ENHAM , there is already a statue of Emmet that has been in the park for decades. It is the only statue in the very small park, and it is situated so that it is the main visible feature to visitors. I hope one doesn’t mind my sharing just a lit-tle of the history here today. The Robert Emmet statue first came into the possession of the United States 100 years ago, when then-Presi-dent Woodrow Wilson, other Cabinet members, diplomats, and Members of Congress joined in the acceptance cere-mony. The statue was a gift from the Irish American community and was created by renowned artist Jerome Connor. After it was donated, it graced the ro-tunda of the National Museum of Nat-ural History for its first 50 years. In the 1960s, it was moved to its current location in the park, and it was rededi-cated. The statue has stood there ever since and has been admired by millions of tourists, visitors, local residents, and passersby. But this is not just a statue. For many Americans, the admiration for Robert Emmet reflects a deep and abid-ing pride in Irish American history as well as the lasting, worldwide influence of our own American history. That is because, over 200 years ago, inspired by George Washington and the American Revolution, Emmet led an attempt to free Ireland from British rule. For this effort, he was captured and was ulti-mately executed. In the course of his execution, he gave one of the most fa-mous speeches in history, known as the Speech from the Dock. His cause lived on not only because he paid the ulti-mate price on September 20, 1803, but because of his incredible and indelible words that he spoke that day. In his speech, Emmet spoke about how George Washington and the Amer-ican independence struggle inspired his actions. He spoke about his desire for sovereignty and for independence for his own land. He spoke about his desire for freedom and uttered words that live on in the hearts of Irish Americans and of all freedom-loving people through-out the world. I quote from that speech: Let no man write my epitaph; for as no man who knows my motives dare now vindi-cate them, let not prejudice or ignorance as-perse them. Let them and me rest in obscu-rity and peace and my tomb remain uninscribed and my memory in oblivion until other times and other men can do jus-tice to my character. When my country takes her place among the nations of the Earth, then—and not till then—let my epi-taph be written. 
It is dangerous to paraphrase a fa-mous speech; but basically Emmet was saying not to write his epitaph until the struggle was won. He believed it ul-timately would be won someday. The brilliance of his speech and the courage of his convictions had a pro-found impact on people throughout the world, but particularly in Ireland. Un-derstand that he was subject to execu-tion—he was hung, drawn, and quar-tered—and he knew that that is what he was facing; yet he had the ability to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.028 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5844 September 22, 2016 
deliver one of the greatest speeches in the history of mankind. Scholars indicate that President Abraham Lincoln knew and recited the very speech I just alluded to. The American author Washington Irving wrote of Emmet, and many school-children across our country memorized parts of the speech I just referred to. I, myself, learned of that passage during time spent at my high school, my alma mater, Power Memorial Academy in New York City. Emmet and his speech also had a real and concrete impact on our own Amer-ican history. In fact, organizations called the Emmet Monument Associa-tion sprung up in the United States. Their goal was to build a burial monu-ment to Emmet on which that prom-ised epitaph, one day, could be written. Since Emmet had requested that Ire-land be free before his epitaph were written, these were really Fenian free-dom organizations. b1815 Over the years, these and other orga-nizations were supported by countless Americans not only in New York, Bos-ton, and Washington, D.C., but throughout our land, Irish and non- Irish alike. Their work was the pre-cursor to later American roles in the struggle for Ireland’s independence, and their presence played a major part in American political life for many, many, many decades. When the Emmet statue was moved to its current location 50 years ago, many leading American figures served on the bipartisan dedication com-mittee, including then-Speaker of the House John W. McCormack and Sen-ators Everett Dirksen and Mike Mans-field. They were joined by the Sec-retary of the Interior Stewart Udall and Rector of St. Matthews Catholic Cathedral, John Cartwright. President Lyndon Johnson also con-veyed his admiration for Emmet in a message to the event writing, ‘‘ . . . the sheer patriotism and the gallant courage of Robert Emmet has inspired Americans no less than Irishmen . . . We Americans are proud to accord a place of honor here in the Nation’s Capital to Robert Emmet, whose strug-gles and sacrifices bespeak the yearnings of mankind throughout the ages.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is clear that Congress and the U.S. Government have long recognized the significance of this park and its central statue in keeping alive not only the memory of Robert Emmet but the ideals that he fought and what he was executed for. I hope we can continue that record and the bipartisan cooperation here today by passing this legislation. This bill doesn’t require spending funds. It doesn’t require undue efforts. It doesn’t significantly rearrange any current setup of the park or the park system. It would simply attach the name ‘‘Rob-ert Emmet Park’’ to the existing small piece of land where that statue rests. I respectfully urge its passage. In closing, I thank the members and staff of the Natural Resources Com-mittee for their work and their support of this measure. I greatly appreciate their work in ensuring that this is on the floor and that the bill passes today. I can’t do enough justice to the life of Robert Emmet, nor his brother, Thom-as, for that matter, and all those who followed afterwards. He was an incred-ible inspiration, as I said, not only to Ireland but well beyond the shores of Ireland as well, including the United States of America. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, in clos-ing, I would just like to thank Mr. C
ROWLEY for offering this important issue. It is important to Irish heritage, and it certainly deserves the recogni-tion as a park right here in our local area of Washington, D.C. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4564. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROHIBITING FUTURE RANSOM PAYMENTS TO IRAN ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any ex-traneous materials they might want to include on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 879 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 5931. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b1820 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5931) to provide for the prohibition on cash payments to the Government of Iran, and for other purposes, with Mr. R
US-
SELL in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I raise this issue because, on three occasions now, we have had the trans-fer of pallets of cash to the Govern-ment of Iran, and this legislation would make certain that that does not happen again. The reason we do not want to pay cash to the Government of Iran has to do with all of the efforts that the inter-national community has put into try-ing to track the conduct of that re-gime, which is a primary money laun-dering concern for the international fi-nancial community, and for the fact that particular government in Iran, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, has been the primary source of cash support for Hamas in the past and also today for Hezbollah. We could add to that the work of the IRGC in trying to get parts for their ballistic missile program as their agents are out and about Europe trying to buy this equipment. It is not in the interest of the United States to have the regime have cold, hard cash. So this legislation would put an end to that. As the Members of the House will re-call, the President announced in Janu-ary that the United States would pay Iran $1.7 billion to settle a dispute in-volving a 1979 arms deal. This payment came out of the blue. From the start, by the way, Iranian military commanders were saying that a hostage exchange, which I think most of us originally assumed, was going to be nine prisoners who were in the process of being convicted in the United States, of Iranian nationality, were going to be exchanged for the four hostages, the four Americans, that Iran was holding. Yet, from the beginning, as this was announced, you saw the Iranian Revo-lutionary Guard Corps speaking to this issue saying there was going to be a transfer of cash. Basically, there was going to be a ransom payment here in exchange for letting the Americans go. Well, it turns out that, after months of pressing from the Foreign Affairs Committee and the media, the Obama administration finally admitted that it had ignored the concerns from the Jus-tice Department. Now, what was the Justice Depart-ment’s concerns? It had to do with the way in which the payment was being made. It had to do with the transfer of cash. As the Justice Department said, there is a longstanding U.S. policy against this process. Why? Because when you do so, you can expect to get more of the same kind of action from a state like Iran. Indeed, once the $1.7 billion in these three tranches of cash were paid, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.071 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5845 September 22, 2016 
result, after the release of Americans held hostage in Iran and after they an-nounced in Iran that this was linked to these pallets of cash, then they took three more American hostages. They detained three more Americans and held them, plus a Canadian, plus a Frenchman, and a Brit. So, not surpris-ingly, I guess, Iran is continuing in this behavior. I think now the administration claims also that cash was the only way they could do this particular trans-action, but that is simply not true. It could have permitted a transaction to go through the international financial system. How do we know this? Because they were making other payments through the international financial system to Iran as sanctions were being lifted through the proper procedure there. Just this week, the Treasury Depart-ment confirmed that other recent transactions with Iran were conducted through traditional banking channels. I think the reason this was done in pallets of cash, in my opinion, was be-cause that is what the Iranians were demanding. The reason I think that is because that is what they are saying in terms of their television coverage of this. So the administration did choose to deliver $1.7 billion in untraceable as-sets to Iran’s radical regime. And that is problematic when the international body charged with developing policies to combat money laundering and com-bat terrorism financing tells us that, in their words, physical transportation of currency is one of the main methods used to move criminal assets, to laun-der money, and—to me, most impor-tantly—to ‘‘finance terrorism.’’ I believe that, again, that is why the Iranian regime wanted the cash. It is not a coincidence to me that the desire for cash comes just as this committee’s legislation to crack down on banks that finance Hezbollah is having an im-pact. What kind of an impact? We have made it very, very hard for those in Hezbollah and Hamas to now get their hands on the support that previously had come through Iran. Iran and its proxies need cash, and we should not be transferring it to them. So this legislation, which passed out of the Foreign Affairs Committee last week, has two core elements: One, it prohibits future cash payments for any reason to Iran. And, two, it de-mands transparency and advanced no-tification of any future settlements re-lated to the U.S.-Iran Hague Tribunal so that the Congress is not surprised again. It poses a fundamental question: Are we comfortable providing Iran, the world’s leading state sponsor of ter-rorism that is fueling a bloodbath in Syria, with billions of dollars in cash that they can turn around and funnel to the Assad regime, to Hezbollah, and to Hamas? I think, for all Members, the answer to that question is clear. I would urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in opposition to this bill. Let me start by underscoring my re-spect and admiration for our chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee and my friend, E
DROYCE . It is unusual that we debate a Foreign Affairs bill subject to a rule because the vast majority of our legislation is the product of strong bipartisan collaboration. So I regret that the bill we are debat-ing today doesn’t have support across the aisle, and all you need to do is read the bill’s title to know what I mean. There were 50 Republican sponsors and no Democrats. We really weren’t part of putting this bill together. And again and again in the bill, we see the word ‘‘ransom.’’ Now, I know that some of my col-leagues and the chairman believe sin-cerely that the latest payment to Iran was a ransom. I happen to disagree. I think holding Iran’s money until Iran released American detainees was a pretty shrewd bargain. Whatever we think, using the word ‘‘ransom’’ turns this bill into a political hot button, a poke in the eye of the administration. Now, I don’t like or trust the Govern-ment of Iran. I voted against the Iran bill last year, and it is no secret that I have some differences with the Presi-dent’s Iran policy. But I do know that pushing legislation just to embarrass the White House won’t help to resolve those differences we might have. b1830 I also question the bill’s focus on cash. Look, I share the view that any sum dumped into Iran’s bank account may be put to bad use. But, Mr. Chair-man, I would have that concern wheth-er the money got to Iran via cash, check, wire transfer, or stacks of gold bars. Money is money; it is fungible. We have no way of knowing what hap-pens to it once it is in Iran’s hands. We can guess, but we have no way of know-ing. Does that irk me? Sure, it does. Iran’s leaders do all sorts of things that irk me and, more important, that make the world less safe. But whether we like it or not, the payment we are talking about was Iran’s money. We paid it as part of a settlement under the Algiers Accords, which the United States signed in 1981. We have been making payments like this for dec-ades—under Ronald Reagan, under George H.W. Bush, and now under Barack Obama—and in that time, re-gardless of how we sent the money, we haven’t had any control over what Iran does with it. I agree, it is deeply frus-trating because we know what Iran is up to. We can’t control that, Mr. Chairman. But there are some things we can con-trol. For instance, I agree with Chair-man R
OYCE that the way we found out about this payment gave Congress short shrift. We did receive a briefing, but we did not learn how and when the payment was going forward. Congress can, and should, make sure that hap-pens with respect to future payments. That is what my amendment does, which I am going to introduce. In my view, that is what the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs would have done if we had advanced this bill ac-cording to our normal bipartisan proc-ess. Again, as I said, there was no input from the minority. It comes to the floor with 50 Republican cosponsors and not a single Democrat. I am not able to support the bill because, to me, it puts political concerns ahead of our legitimate concerns. I share the chair-man’s feelings about Iran. I don’t think there is a dime’s worth of difference be-tween our feelings with Iran. It is sim-ply a matter of what is the best way to go about doing it. I don’t think this is the best way. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would make the point that, as we talk about whether Iran took posses-sion of this money in cash or by check, that transaction is immaterial. I un-derstand the argument here, but let me explain why I do not think that holds true with respect to the process here. There are other options that could have been followed, that have been fol-lowed by the international community when payment is made. For example, the administration could have held the funds in an escrow account overseas, verified that the end recipients of the funds were, in Iran, not sanctioned en-tities, like the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. By providing cash, the administra-tion is doing the work for the Iranians that they need done in terms of pre-paratory work for money laundering. That is the problem. That is the prob-lem with the way this was done. Cash transactions, in and of themselves, raise serious terrorism financing risks, according to the Financial Action Task Force; and that is the official body, international body, that sets the global standards for preventing money laun-dering and is most focused on stopping terror finance. What they say, again, is that the physical cross-border trans-portation of currency is the main method used to move illicit funds, to launder money, and to finance ter-rorism. That is why we want to cut off cash. These risks are particularly acute here because the State Department has identified Iran as the leading state sponsor of terrorism and as the country that is actively supporting terrorist or-ganizations with cash, such as Hezbollah, Hamas as well, and then also assisting Syrian President Assad in his murderous assault on civilians. So that is the first point I would make. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ), a member of the Committee on Appro-priations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.073 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5846 September 22, 2016 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for his leader-ship on this issue. I rise in support of this legislation, the Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act, of which I am a proud cosponsor. Last month, Mr. Chairman, informa-tion came to light the administration secretly paid a cash ransom to Iran, a state sponsor of terrorism, in exchange for the release of American hostages, a decision kept secret from Congress, a decision kept from Congress because, as this administration and its own State Department know well, it is longstanding U.S. policy to deny hos-tage-takers the benefits of ransom. In fact, just last year, President Obama issued a Presidential Policy Di-rective stating just that: ‘‘The United States Government will make no con-cessions to individuals or groups hold-ing U.S. nationals hostage. It is United States policy to deny hostage-takers the benefits of ransom, prisoner re-leases, policy changes, or other acts of concession.’’ I fear this President has set a dan-gerous precedent for United States na-tionals and personnel abroad. We are already seeing it, Mr. Chairman. Since the ransom has been paid, Iran has taken seven more United States citi-zens hostage. This decision was not only foolish, but shortsighted. I have yet to mention where this money is likely to go. Iran has been designated as a state sponsor of terrorism by the U.S. State Depart-ment since 1984. It has supported groups like Hezbollah and Hamas, which call for the destruction of our al-lies, including Israel. The President would understandably like to deny ransom was paid and in-stead claim this was simply leverage and part of a settlement deal that he struck with the same Iranians who, by his own admission, have violated the spirit of his generous agreements be-fore. For someone who holds the spirit of pledges in such high esteem, Mr. Chairman, I don’t think even the Presi-dent could disagree that, at the very least, he violated the spirit of his own policy. This administration’s desire to ap-pease a radical Iranian regime knows no bounds. Though the President stands idly by as the Iranians violate the terms of their agreement with the United States, Congress must not stand idly by while he violates his own deal with the American people. I thank Chairman R
OYCE for his lead-ership on this. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, H.R. 5931. It is time to cut off the cash. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), whose helpful amendment to this bill was adopted during the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs’ markup. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman R
OYCE and rise in support of his legislation, Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act, which I cosponsored, to prohibit ransom pay-ments to Iran, the largest state spon-sor of terror. Iran calls America the Great Satan and pledges death to America. Iran is illegally test-firing ICBMs. They fi-nance Assad in Syria, Hezbollah, Hamas, and other terror groups. Iran recently detained and embarrassed, publicly, U.S. Navy sailors. Iran cur-rently is threatening U.S. Navy war-ships. Iran leaders do not respect American weakness—they prey upon it—and the U.S. is feeding into it, like the unsigned political commitment otherwise known as the Iran nuclear deal. Purchasing Iran’s heavy water didn’t help. Speaker RYAN has aptly pointed out, Secretary Kerry has been a shill for Iran, as if he is the president of the Tehran Chamber of Commerce. I am deeply troubled that earlier this year the Obama administration air-lifted a cash ransom payment at the exact same moment as the release of four unjustly detained American hos-tages. Some people blindly loyal to this President will say that this was Iran’s money. No, it wasn’t. This was a dis-puted claim for decades, and for very good reason. In the late 1970s, Iran fell behind in their payments under the Foreign Military Sales program. Iran canceled their orders, overtook our Embassy, and then repudiated all for-eign obligations. Not only have we been disputing Iran’s claim for $400 million, we had counterclaims against Iran, including one for $817 million. In fact, a Federal law from 2000 details a very specific re-quirement regarding payments to Iran from the FMS account, which was di-rectly violated by the ransom payment to Iran. Between the 1979 Iranian Revolution and the 2000 law, U.S. victims of Ira-nian-sponsored terrorism sued the Ira-nian Government in U.S. court with claims caused by Iran’s terrorism. The claims were paid by the U.S. Govern-ment. These claims were subrogated to the U.S., meaning that their claims against Iran became the U.S.’ claims against Iran. The 2000 law clearly states that ‘‘no funds shall be paid to Iran, or released to Iran . . . from the Foreign Military Sales Fund, until such subrogated claims have been dealt with to the sat-isfaction of the United States.’’ Yet President Obama paid Iran the full $400 million amount from the FMS fund, plus more than three times that amount in interest, a total of $1.7 bil-lion in cash, in violation of the 2000 law. You can call a ransom payment le-verage. But guess what, folks; it is still ransom. And why don’t we pay ransom? Because now, with the price paid on American hostages, Iran has now cap-tured new, unjustly imprisoned Amer-ican hostages. Passage of this bill is critically im-portant, and I thank Chairman R
OYCE  for his unyielding, inspiring leadership on this issue to hold Iran accountable. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The argument that the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) was mak-ing is based on the counter to this ar-gument that the administration has made. What the administration has said is: Look, Iran says we owe them $400 million. We will impute the inter-est on that. The interest on the $400 million is $1.3 billion. Thus, we get to the $1.7 billion that the tribunal says we owe, and we will pay that in three tranches. The only way you get to that num-ber, as Mr. Z
ELDIN has pointed out, is if you ignore the fact that in 2000, pursu-ant to a law signed by President Clin-ton, American taxpayers provided $400 million, the same amount as in the FMS trust fund, to U.S. citizens who had won judgments against Iran for its support of terror. So the United States Government then took on their $400 million in claims against Iran. So, in fact, those two sums should have been netted out. In fact, according to this law, the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act, the President was re-quired to attempt to recover that money, that $400 million from Iran, to the satisfaction of the United States. As part of this settlement, we are just finding out—get this—we are just find-ing out that the administration is let-ting Iran off the hook for the $400 mil-lion plus interest. These sums would have netted out to zero. According to the State Department, the administration has agreed to no longer pursue that $400 million claim against Iran plus interest. Why? Why? And that is why this bill is so impor-tant, because it brings much-needed transparency to the U.S.-Iran Claims Tribunal by allowing Congress to see what claims each side has filed when they are likely to come in front of the tribunal and the likelihood that either Iran or the United States will prevail. So again, what I am concerned hap-pened here is because of the push from Iran—and we need pushback against this. So Iran comes in at the eleventh hour of this deal and says: Wait a minute. We want this $400 million in cash plus we want the interest. We are going to the tribunal. That is the deci-sion from the tribunal. And then we give up on the counterclaim for the same amount. That is the concern here. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, in closing, let me say this: None of us likes the Government of Iran. None of us likes the idea of making payments to Iran, but this bill imposes a blanket ban on most forms of payment of our international obliga-tions. Let me just say that the Algiers Ac-cords, which were signed 35 or 40 years ago, President Ronald Reagan, and President George H.W. Bush did the same thing that President Obama is doing now by making payments to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.075 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5847 September 22, 2016 
Iran. There are things that gall us, but there are international obligations that we really have to follow through with. b1845 It wasn’t a matter and isn’t a matter of giving money for hostages. We know this was part of a larger transaction. In fact, it was Iran’s money that we held back; and we didn’t release their money until we knew that those hos-tages were free. So I think it was pret-ty shrewd on our part to wait and use their money to hold back until the hos-tages were released. Again, I think the Government of Iran is a terrible government. I think there are lots of things we could and should be doing together to put the skids on them. And we will be devel-oping legislation together. But this legislation, to me, is more about pok-ing a finger in the eye of the President and the eye of the administration by using words like ‘‘ransom’’ and saying all kind of things. That is not really what we should be doing. We should be working together to find bipartisan solutions to check Iran, which nobody here will say is a good actor—certainly not me—one of the worst actors in the world, a leading sponsor of terrorism. But the United States has to fulfill international obli-gations, and we will do that, and we will do it at the same time we are countering Iran and making sure that it doesn’t get away with its aggression and all the other horrific things the Government of Iran does. So I have to oppose this bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, it looks as though I have one more Member who has arrived and wishes to speak on this measure. I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. LANCE. I thank Chairman R
OYCE  for his leadership on this extremely important issue. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5931, the Prohibiting Future Ran-som Payments to Iran Act. It is a sad day when the American people see their tax funds being given to the world’s most notorious financier of international terrorism. This legis-lation puts an end to it. And it is tax-payer funds. That was the original pur-pose in the 1970s. Since then, the Ira-nian regime has sponsored state ter-rorism across the globe. The total now stands at $1.7 billion that this administration has handed over to Iran. And despite weeks of de-nial after denial, the administration has finally acknowledged that these cash shipments to Iran were leveraged for the release of four innocent Ameri-cans unlawfully held by Tehran. I translate the term ‘‘leverage’’ to mean ransom. We already know that the world is less safe based upon the nuclear agree-ment with Iran and that we are cater-ing to Iran’s demands. I believe that the $1.7 billion to Iran sets a dangerous precedent that a terrorist network con-victed in our courts can escape com-pensating U.S. victims. There have been quite a few victims who were compensated in our courts, and those amounts of money have never been paid to the victims’ fami-lies. The cash payments shipped in the middle of the night to Iran should in-stead have gone to the loved ones of those murdered by the Iranian regime. The bill would stop the flow of funds to the terrorist networks long sup-ported by Iran. I fear it may be inevi-table that these funds would make their way to some of the world’s worst actors. It is a risk we shouldn’t have taken, and this legislation would en-sure that it cannot happen again not only regarding this administration— this administration is going out of of-fice and there will be a new President and a new administration come Janu-ary—but this legislation goes well be-yond the remaining months in office of this administration. This is excellent legislation, regard-less of which political party controls the White House, the executive branch, the State Department. All of us should honor the judgments that have been rendered in courts of law for those who have lost their lives in acts of terrorism where the responsi-bility has been adjudicated in our courts of law. And it is to that end that Chairman ROYCE and the Foreign Af-fairs Committee and many others of us in the Congress have been involved in this issue. The Prohibiting Future Ransom Pay-ments to Iran Act is needed, and I urge its passage. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 min-utes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the esteemed majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership in bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Chairman, back in June of 2015, President Obama said: ‘‘It is United States policy to deny hostage-takers the benefits of ransom, prisoner re-leases, policy changes, or other acts of concession.’’ That was back in 2015. Of course, just 6 months later, President Obama re-leased seven Iranians and sent $400 mil-lion in cash to Iran in exchange for Americans held hostage. When the initial word came out that $400 million was sent in unmarked bills on an unmarked plane to, in essence, exchange that money for American hostages, it sent a chilling signal all across the world. Not only was the ad-ministration completing a prisoner swap, but the administration was actu-ally cowering to the Iranians’ request for a cash payment. $400 million was converted into Euro-pean currency, flown through Geneva, and then transferred to Iran just as the American hostages were released. But what we heard from the White House were denials, actually calling us out, saying it wasn’t a ransom payment, de-spite the clearly coordinated series of events. Mr. Chairman, nonetheless, we learn that the President’s own Justice De-partment warned that this cash pay-ment would signal a change in U.S. ransom policy and, of course, the Ira-nians themselves consider it a ransom payment. In fact, the Iranians bragged that they received cash ransom from the United States. Nonetheless, the administration con-tinues to refuse to confront this prob-lem and how it actually makes Amer-ica less safe. And we have seen that play out. Since this hostage ransom payment, more Americans and other Westerners have been taken hostage because the President put a bounty on the heads of Americans and other Westerners. We have also learned there is another $1.3 billion sent to Iran in cash. The ad-ministration said that there was no other way to send the payment; that they couldn’t wire it. But, of course, since then, we have learned that there have been wire transfers made to Iran. So the President continued to mislead the American people about this serious breach of American protocol as it deals with Iran. Now, a serious question to ask is: Where is that $1.7 billion going? And not if, but how much of that $1.7 billion is going to end up in the hands of Hezbollah, Hamas, and other terrorist organizations? After all, Iran is the largest state sponsor of terror. I think these are all important ques-tions that need to be answered, Mr. Chairman. So all of these serious ques-tions need to be answered by the ad-ministration, which has continued throughout this entire process of mis-leading the American people about what really happened. And the Amer-ican people are demanding answers. This bill by Chairman R
OYCE is a se-rious response to stop these kinds of cash ransom payments from ever hap-pening again to make America less safe. I appreciate all of my colleagues voting for this. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In summation, Mr. Chairman, throughout negotiations on the Presi-dent’s nuclear deal, the Foreign Affairs Committee held scores of briefings and hearings and meetings with the Obama administration on Iran. So if the goal of this settlement was only to put to rest a decade-old excuse over an abandoned arms sale, why the secrecy? And why the secrecy, espe-cially, about transferring this in pal-lets of cash? I believe what happened here was that Iran, at the eleventh hour, de-manded this cash payment and we ended up acquiescing. And why ignore your own lawyers? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.076 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5848 September 22, 2016 
That is the other real question, to me. The head of the Justice Depart-ment’s National Security Division warned that Iran would see it as a ran-som and respond by taking more Amer-ican hostages. And that is exactly what happened. They held the cash until the hostages left Iran that day. Even the State Department calls it leverage. It was textbook ransom. The Iranians viewed it as a ransom. They bragged about it. And now 3 more Americans have been taken hostage. In an interview just yesterday, Presi-dent Rouhani said Iran is actively en-gaged in negotiations with the Obama administration to get more money. And that is why the bill in front of us today does two things: it provides more transparency regarding the Iran-U.S. Claims Tribunal and it prohibits cash payments to the Government of Iran, the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism, for any reason. Remember, as international authori-ties have made clear, the physical transportation of currency—that means cash—is one of the main meth-ods used for the purpose of money laun-dering and to finance terrorism. So, once again, all Members must ask themselves today one important ques-tion: Are you comfortable providing Iran, the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism, with billions of dollars in cash that they can turn around and funnel to the Assad regime, to Hezbollah, and to Hamas? Mr. Chairman, the answer is clear. And I ask all Members to support this legislation. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chair, I am grateful to be a co-sponsor of H.R. 5931, to prohibit future cash payments to Iran. In January, the President made a $1.7 bil-lion cash payment along with the dangerous Iranian Nuclear Deal. After months of ques-tions from the Foreign Affairs Committee about the deal and other leaders, we are just now getting the truth— The payment was a ransom for four Ameri-cans who sat on a runway until the currency was en route. The payment was made in cash—provided in pallets of untraceable foreign currency eas-ily provided to murderous terrorists. The Administration claimed cash was the only way to pay the ransom, yet the Treasury Department stated that the U.S. has made payments to the Iranian government via wire transfer in the past year. As a leading state sponsor of terrorism, a cash payment to Iran will almost certainly go to finance terrorist activities, putting American families at risk. Needless to say, the cash payment to the Iranian regime is a dangerous precedent that puts American families at risk. Last week, I sent a letter to the Treasury Department’s Act-ing Under Secretary for Terrorism and Finan-cial Intelligence asking what steps his office took to ensure the cash ransom did not go to finance terrorism. I am still awaiting response. I appreciate the leadership of Chairman E
D R
OYCE for sponsoring this legislation and for his work to stop the dangerous practice of pro-viding cash to state sponsors of terrorism threatening American families. I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this crucial legislation. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposi-tion to this legislation, which is not a product of bipartisan collaboration as is the tradition of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. The facts of this case are simple. Unfortu-nately, they have been muddied by election year politics and a lack of careful deliberation on this matter. In 1979, U.S. weapons sales to Iran were interrupted by the Iranian revolution, and $400 million worth of American weapons that were paid for by Iran were never delivered. In December 2015, the U.S. and Iran settled the claim over the weapons sale for $1.7 bil-lion, including $1.3 billion in interest. Payment of the claim on January 16, 2016 coincided with Implementation Day of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and the release of four Americans detained in Iran. The settlement was announced the next day, and Congress was briefed on the pay-ment. For eight months this settlement was not the emergency it has somehow become. And now with less than 50 days until the election we have rushed this legislation to the Floor without any input from the Minority. We did not even bother to have a hearing on this subject, which the Majority obviously views as important. In fact, the hearing on the settlement pay-ment was scheduled for this week, after we marked up this bill in Committee last week. The hearing was subsequently cancelled, which was probably for the best. The Committee might have looked a little foolish sending a bill to the Floor to be voted on and then seeking out the facts of the case in a hearing. Point, shoot, aim, should not the manner in which Congress conducts U.S. foreign policy. Perhaps we should go back to the drawing board and try to move forward in a bipartisan fashion. That is how the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee functions best. It is how we passed Iranian sanctions to bring Iran to the negotiating table. It is how we have gone after Iran’s financing of Hezbollah. And it is how we should continue to confront the legitimate challenges Iranian behavior poses to security and stability in the world. This legislation is not in keeping with that successful tradition, and I must oppose it. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–64. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: H.R. 5931 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Prohibiting Fu-ture Ransom Payments to Iran Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Since 1979, when it held more than 50 United States citizens for 444 days, Iran has re-peatedly held United States citizens hostage. (2) Presidential Policy Directive 30 issued by President Barack Obama on June 24, 2015, states that ‘‘It is United States policy to deny hostage- takers the benefits of ransom, prisoner releases, policy changes, or other acts of concession.’’. (3) On January 17, 2016, the President an-nounced that Iran would release several United States citizens while the United States would grant clemency to and release seven Iranian na-tionals serving sentences or awaiting trial in the United States for serious crimes. (4) Senior officials of the Department of State have acknowledged that these United States citizens were released as part of a ‘‘prisoner swap’’ and Iranian negotiators reportedly asked for a cash payment. (5) On January 17, 2016, the President also announced that ‘‘The United States and Iran are now settling a longstanding Iranian govern-ment claim against the United States Govern-ment.’’. (6) The overall amount of the settlement is ap-proximately $1,700,000,000. (7) Subsequent reports revealed that $400,000,000 of this $1,700,000,000 settlement was secretly flown to Iran, in cash, simultaneously with the release of these United States citizens. (8) One of the United States citizens released that night, Pastor Saeed Abedini, has stated that Iranian officials explained a delay in their departure was due to the status of another plane. (9) Senior officials at the National Security Division of the Department of Justice reportedly objected to the $400,000,000 cash payment, warn-ing that Iran would see it as a ransom. (10) On August 18, 2016, a Department of State spokesman admitted that the $400,000,000 cash payment was ‘‘leverage’’ to gain the release of Americans held hostage by Iran. (11) Iranian State Television quoted General Mohammad Reza Naghdi, commander of the Basij militia, as claiming ‘‘Taking this much money back was in return for the release of the American spies.’’. (12) According to Presidential Policy Directive 30, the United States policy against paying ran-som and releasing prisoners ‘‘protects United States nationals and strengthens national secu-rity by removing a key incentive for hostage- takers to target United States nationals, thereby interrupting the vicious cycle of hostage- takings, and by helping to deny terrorists and other malicious actors the money, personnel, and other resources they need to conduct at-tacks against the United States, its nationals, and its interests.’’. (13) Since the United States released Iranians serving sentences or awaiting trial in the United States for serious crimes and provided Iran with $400,000,000 in cash, Iran has taken several more United States citizens hostage. (14) On August 22, 2016, the Department of State issued an ‘‘Iran Travel Warning’’ noting that ‘‘Iranian authorities continue to unjustly detain and imprison U.S. citizens, particularly Iranian-Americans, including students, journal-ists, business travelers, and academics, on charges including espionage and posing a threat to national security.’’. (15) The Government of the United States has designated Iran as a state sponsor of terrorism since 1984 and a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern since 2011. (16) The Department of State’s most recent Country Reports on Terrorism makes clear that ‘‘Iran continued its terrorist-related activity in 2015, including support for Hizballah, Pales-tinian terrorist groups in Gaza, and various groups in Iraq and throughout the Middle East.’’. (17) In announcing Iran’s designation as a ju-risdiction of primary money laundering concern, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.078 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5849 September 22, 2016 
the Department of the Treasury made clear that ‘‘any and every financial transaction with Iran poses grave risk of supporting’’ Iran’s ongoing illicit activities, including terrorism. (18) On March 17, 2016, the Department of State acknowledged in a letter to Congress that there remain some ‘‘large claims’’ pending before the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal, ‘‘many of which are against the United States’’. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It shall be the policy of the United States Gov-ernment not to pay ransom or release prisoners for the purpose of securing the release of United States citizens taken hostage abroad. 
SEC. 4. PROHIBITION ON CASH PAYMENTS TO THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Govern-ment may not provide, directly or indirectly, promissory notes (including currency) issued by the United States Government or promissory notes (including currency) issued by a foreign government, to the Government of Iran. (b) L
ICENSING REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the conduct of a trans-action or payment in connection with an agree-ment to settle a claim or claims brought before the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal may be made only— (A) on a case-by-case basis and pursuant to a specific license by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury; and (B) in a manner that is not in contravention of the prohibition in subsection (a). (2) P
UBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .—The President shall publish in the Federal Register a list of transactions and payments, including the amount and method of each such transaction and payment, by the United States Government to the Government of Iran in connection with the agreement described in paragraph (1). (c) T
ERMINATION .—The prohibition in sub-section (a) and the licensing requirement in sub-section (b) shall remain in effect until the date on which the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that— (1) the President has rescinded a preliminary draft rule or final rule (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act) that provides for the designation of Iran as a ju-risdiction of primary money laundering concern pursuant to section 5318A of title 31, United States Code; and (2) the Secretary of State has removed Iran from the list of countries determined to have re-peatedly provided support for acts of inter-national terrorism under section 6(j) of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979 (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act, section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, or any other provision of law. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 5. REPORT ON OUTSTANDING CLAIMS BE-FORE THE IRAN-UNITED STATES CLAIMS TRIBUNAL. 
(a) R EPORT .—The President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port that lists and evaluates each outstanding claim before the Iran-United States Claims Tri-bunal. (b) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report re-quired under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The total value of each outstanding claim. (2) The current status of each outstanding claim. (3) The likelihood that each claim will be re-solved in the next 6 months. (c) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The report re-quired under subsection (a) shall be submitted to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act and every 180 days thereafter for a period not to exceed 3 years. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 6. NOTIFICATION AND CERTIFICATION RE-LATING TO SETTLEMENTS OF OUT-STANDING CLAIMS BEFORE THE IRAN-UNITED STATES CLAIMS TRI-BUNAL. 
(a) N OTIFICATION .—The President shall notify the appropriate congressional committees not later than 30 days prior to conducting a trans-action or payment from the Government of the United States to the Government of Iran in con-nection with an agreement to settle a claim or claims brought before the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal. (b) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The notifica-tion required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The total amount of the settlement, includ-ing the total principal and interest, and an ex-planation of the calculation of the interest. (2) A legal analysis of why the settlement was made, including a detailed description of all claims and counter-claims covered by the settle-ment. (3) A certification by the President that the settlement is not a ransom for the release of in-dividuals held hostage by Iran. (4) An identification of each entity of the Gov-ernment of Iran that will receive amounts from the settlement. (5) A certification that the funds provided to Iran under the settlement will not be used to provide support to foreign terrorist organiza-tions, the regime of Bashar al-Assad, or other destabilizing activities. (6) Whether an equal amount of Iranian funds are available and accessible in the United States to satisfy judgments against Iran by vic-tims of Iranian-sponsored terrorism. (7) A copy of the settlement agreement. (8) A description of the disposition of any re-lated claims that have been subrogated to the United States Government. (9) A certification that the settlement is in the best interest of the United States. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 7. EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN ACTIVITIES. 
Nothing in this Act shall apply to any activi-ties subject to the reporting requirements of title V of the National Security Act of 1947. 
SEC. 8. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to au-thorize any payment by the Government of the United States to the Government of Iran. 
SEC. 9. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) G
OVERNMENT OF IRAN .—The term ‘‘Govern-ment of Iran’’ means— (A) the state and the Government of Iran, as well as any political subdivision, agency, or in-strumentality thereof; (B) any entity owned or controlled directly or indirectly by the foregoing; (C) any person to the extent that such person is, or has been, or to the extent that there is rea-sonable cause to believe that such person is, or has been, acting or purporting to act directly or indirectly on behalf of any of the foregoing; and (D) any person or entity identified by the Sec-retary of the Treasury to be the Government of Iran under part 560 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) IRAN-UNITED STATES CLAIMS TRIBUNAL .— The term ‘‘Iran-United States Claims Tribunal’’ means the tribunal established pursuant to the Algiers Accords on January 19, 1981, to resolve certain claims by nationals of one party against the other party and certain claims between the parties. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–781. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall be not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–781. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 5, strike line 11 and all that follows through line 17 and insert the following: (a) P
ROHIBITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Government may not provide, di-rectly or indirectly, to the Government of Iran— (A) monetary instruments; or (B) precious metals. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘monetary instruments’’ has the meaning given the term in paragraph (dd) of section 1010.100 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations; and (B) the term ‘‘precious metal’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1027.100(d) of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations. Page 6, after line 11, insert the following: (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The term ‘‘agreement to settle a claim or claims brought before the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal’’, as used in subsection (b), shall not be construed to mean a ‘‘promis-sory note’’, as used in the definition of ‘‘monetary instrument’’ for purposes of sub-section (a). Page 6, line 12, strike ‘‘(c)’’ and insert ‘‘(d)’’. Page 7, line 6, strike ‘‘(d)’’ and insert ‘‘(e)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 879, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OYCE ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, last week, when the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee met to consider this legislation, the ranking member expressed con-cerns that the bill, as introduced, was too broad in our attempt to end pay-ments to Iran in cash and cash-like equivalent. So I committed to sharp-ening this language as the process moves forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.030 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5850 September 22, 2016 
The amendment before us makes good on that commitment, using the more precise term ‘‘monetary instru-ment,’’ which has a much more specific definition in U.S. law, while also add-ing precious metals, a real concern among those who closely follow Iran. So that is the nature of the amend-ment before us. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b1900 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, let me, first of all, say I appreciate Chairman R
OYCE ’s consideration of my feedback during the markup, and I know he is well-intentioned with this measure. As he mentioned, I believe that the underlying legislation was too broad. It could have been interpreted as a ban on any payment, including wire transfers, checks, or cash. This does improve the bill. I don’t like sending money to Iran, but if we ban any payments to Iran, we would be violating our obligations under the Algiers Accords. So, the spe-cific changes in this bill narrow the banned payments to cash and precious metals. To me, cash is a red herring. No mat-ter how we pay money to Iran, whether cash or wire transfer, once the money gets to an Iranian bank account, it is impossible for us to track it. We can imagine how Iranians use it, but we can’t know for certain. Whether cash or wire transfer, we can’t prevent them from doing the ter-rible things they do. So let’s not talk about the form of the payment when I think our real concern is that we don’t like what Iran does with money that it legally obtains. Additionally, my understanding is that the settlement in question re-quired an immediate payment. So as much as it might be counterintuitive, electronic wire payments to Iran have taken months to complete, while the cash option met the terms of the set-tlement. It is galling. It is nothing we like to do, but, again, we signed an agreement called the Algiers Accords, and every President, in terms of giving money back to Iran, which was legally their money, has used the rules of the Ac-cords. President Obama is not the first President to do that. As I pointed out before, both President Reagan and President George H.W. Bush did it as well. It takes a long time to make a wire transfer to Iran because U.S. sanctions against Iran are so powerful and so comprehensive that there are virtually no banking relationships between the United States and Iran. Therefore, a wire transfer was not an option; it would have taken too long. So in order to abide by the settlement, the U.S. Government had to make an imme-diate payment. So, Mr. Chairman, that is the reason I will have to oppose this amendment, even though I appreciate that the chairman is seeking to clarify the bill and make it better. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I would just make the following points. We did have another way to transfer any agreed-upon settlement without trans-ferring pallets of cash, and we know that because the administration had made other transfers to Iran. So this bill does not withdraw the U.S. from the Claims Tribunal or Al-giers Accords. It doesn’t impact that. Nor does it effectively prevent the United States from paying out awards rendered by the tribunal. As I have indicated, we simply, with this bill, prohibit cash from being used as a payment method. If the United States has to pay Iran a tribunal award in the future, the payment should be processed through the formal financial system as the other payments to Iran have been, and that is how the Hague Tribunal payments have been handled for 35 years, and that is how it should work in the future. But our sanctions system was de-signed with tribunal payments in mind. The Iran transaction sanctions regime contains a number of exemptions from the rules so that certain transactions can go forward, and, in this case, trans-actions for tribunal settlements are ex-plicitly authorized and would shield any entity involved in such a trans-action from liability under U.S. law. So going back to the original argu-ment, we are trying to perfect the bill. But at the end of the day, we can’t col-lapse the effort because we have now had three planeloads full of cash, with pallets of cash transferred to the re-gime, and we can bet Iran will angle for more. Just last night, the Iranian President asserted that considerable sums of money are under discussion to be re-turned in Iran. This can’t happen again. This cannot happen by another pallets-of-cash shipment to the Iranian regime or the IRGC, so this amend-ment is important. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me respond just to some of the things that we have heard from some of our colleagues. This was not a ransom payment. This was payment for a 30-year-old claim over a weapons shipment that was never delivered, and the United States actually got a pretty good deal in the settlement. We might have had to pay more interest if we hadn’t settled and the claim had gone to judgment at the Iran-U.S. Claims Tribunal. When the prisoners’ plane was sitting on the tarmac, the administration, as I mentioned before, held up the settle-ment money. They couldn’t find the mother and wife of one of the pris-oners, Jason Rezaian from The Wash-ington Post. Administration officials feared that, as Mr. Rezaian was being released, the Iranians were detaining his family, and this was unacceptable. The administration leveraged the set-tlement money, holding it up until Mr. Rezaian’s family could be found and the prisoners could leave the country. Leveraging the money, money that belonged to Iran in the first place and was going to be paid to Iran under the Algiers Accords, was smart. Can you imagine if the administration had paid the settlement anyway, even if the prisoner release was stalled? That didn’t happen. Some people are saying that the ad-ministration made payments to Iran via wire transfer before and after the ransom, so why did the ransom have to be cash? Well, the payments that were made via wire transfer before and after the settlement payments were months in the making. It takes a long time to make a wire transfer to Iran because U.S. sanctions against Iran are so pow-erful and so comprehensive, as I men-tioned before, that there are virtually no banking relationships between the U.S. and Iran. It takes a long time to wire money to Iran. But the requirement of the settle-ment was that the payment had to be immediate; therefore, a wire transfer, instead of cash, was not an option. It would have taken too long. Let me say this. I said it before and I will say it again. Money is fungible. Whether cash, wire transfers, checks, gold, or any other form of payment, once it gets to Iran, we have no way of tracking it. So I believe this debate about cash is beside the point. Money can be moved, be used for nefarious purposes once it gets to Iran, no mat-ter what the method. But when we are going to make a payment to Iran pursuant to a settle-ment or a judgment, Congress should know about it, and I am offended that we didn’t know about it. And that is why, when I introduce my amendment a little bit later on, we are going to re-quire that Congress be informed of any kinds of transfer, not only to Iran, but to any other rogue nation, at least 5 days before. So we should have greater oversight of these payments. I agree with that. But I don’t think that we should worry about whether it was cash or some other method. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . POMPEO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–781. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.081 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5851 September 22, 2016 
Page 11, after line 21, add the following: 
SEC. 10. PROHIBITION ON UNITED STATES GOV-ERNMENT PAYMENT OF RANSOM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided by subsection (b), the President and all officers of the United States Government shall not make a payment to a government or person for the purpose of securing the release of un-justly detained individuals who are nationals of the United States or aliens who are law-fully admitted for permanent residence in the United States. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition under sub-section (a) does not prohibit the United States Government from providing assist-ance to individuals who are nationals of the United States or aliens who are lawfully ad-mitted for permanent residence in the United States that have been arrested. (c) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Attorney General, may take such actions, including the promulgation of such rules and regulations, as may be nec-essary to carry out the purposes of this sec-tion. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
NTITY .—The term ‘‘entity’’ means a corporation, business association, partner-ship, trust, society, or any other entity. (2) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means an individual or entity. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 879, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. P
OMPEO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, my amendment, in short, prohibits ransom payments to any country. Although the American people consider this to be U.S. policy, given the administration’s recent actions, we have to make this prohibition explicit. This amendment will support and strengthen the good work of Chairman R
OYCE on H.R. 5931. Think about this timeline. The U.S. wires $400 million in cash from the Swiss National Bank and then phys-ically transports it to another city to hand off to Iranian officials, all in 3 days, 3 days before Iran releases four American hostages. But it gets worse. Less than a week after this, the U.S. again sends hoards of cash to Iran. We only know this timeline thanks to multiple and persistent inquiries from myself and other Members of Con-gress. And yet there are so many de-tails that we still don’t know. For instance, on April 5, 2016, White House Spokesman Josh Earnest, in re-sponse to a reporter’s question on whether the Obama administration misled Congress about the Iran deal, stated: ‘‘I don’t think there is any evi-dence to substantiate this claim . . . I think you should take a rather dim view of that suggestion because Con-gressman P
OMPEO . . . didn’t approve this deal and he certainly didn’t favor it.’’ But of course my personal view of the JCPOA is irrelevant if the administra-tion stonewalls Congress. The State Department has admitted that its pay-ment of millions of dollars in pallets of cash to the Iranians would not have been made without the release of American hostages. The administra-tion’s selective noun use does not ex-cuse criminality, nor does it explain away months of lying to the American people. Mr. Chairman, ransom payments put a price on the head of every American. This bill prohibits the United States Government from making a payment to secure the release of unjustly de-tained U.S. nationals or lawful resi-dents. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ENGEL. Let me say, first of all, on the face of it, the amendment makes sense. It is already U.S. policy not to pay ransom. On June 24, 2015, President Obama issued a directive: It is the United States’ policy to deny hos-tage-takers the benefits of ransom, prisoner releases, policy changes, or other acts of con-cession. 
Codifying this policy though, without giving the President any flexibility, is not what we should be doing. There is no waiver in this bill. Things like this usually have waivers so the President— any President, this President and fu-ture Presidents—would have flexi-bility. But again, this whole issue, I believe, is a red herring. The United States did not pay ransom for the four Americans detained in Iran. We were paying Iran back its own money, money it had given us to buy weapons before the Ira-nian Revolution. I have never heard of paying a ran-som using the captor’s own money. It is galling, but it is not a ransom. Every mention of ransom is an attempt to po-liticize this issue and criticize the President, and that is not what we should be doing here. We should be put-ting our heads together and finding a solution. These issues are too important to get caught in partisan fights. It is not how we do things on the Foreign Affairs Committee. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Kan-sas for offering this amendment to a very important underlying bill from the chairman of the House Foreign Af-fairs Committee, E
DROYCE . It is really important to point out, as a matter of policy and what, unfortu-nately, is very necessary for this Con-gress to take action on, to make it very clear that we don’t pay ransom. Now, with regard to the $1.7 billion that has been paid to Iran to secure the release of the four Iranian hostages, other terms have been used. The one most often used lately is called ‘‘lever-age.’’ The fact is, if the money did not ar-rive immediately, the hostages wouldn’t have been released. No money, no hostage release. Why are we debating as if this wasn’t a ransom? If the money didn’t show up, $400 million in cash, the hostages wouldn’t have been released. Why do we not put a price on secur-ing the release, a financial price? It is because now more Americans are being unjustly imprisoned by Iran. Mr. Shahini, from California, in Iran vis-iting his mother, is being held, accused of ‘‘cooperating with hostile govern-ments, actions against national secu-rity, and communication with antirevolutionary agents and media.’’ This is an American visiting his mom in Iran. And why do we not pay ransom? Why we do not give money to secure the re-lease of American hostages is that now more Americans have been taken hos-tage. b1915 Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close. Mr. Chairman, this is an important amendment. We need to codify what we have known for years has been Amer-ican policy under Democrat Presidents and Republican Presidents that we simply won’t pay ransom to get Ameri-cans back. It is enormously important to our country. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, let me say, first of all, that the Iranian regime is a bad re-gime. They hold American prisoners before we paid them the money, and they will hold prisoners after. It has no basis whatsoever. It is easy to put out the word ‘‘ransom,’’ but this was not a ransom. It is a reprehensible regime. They do reprehensible things. The United States fulfills its obligations. Again, the Algiers Accords, by the logic that this should not have been done, then when George H.W. Bush did it, it shouldn’t have been done; when Ronald Reagan did it, it shouldn’t have been done. They did it because we maintain our obligations in the United States. So any of us can get up and give a lit-any of things we don’t like about the Iranian Government. Believe me, I take second to none when it comes to that. But the United States needs to fulfill its obligations, and the Iranian regime needs to be checked. But it is not a ransom, and that is just the prob-lem. By calling it a ransom, by calling names, by trying to poke a finger in front of the eyes of the administration, we don’t get to the real issue. The real issue, which I hope we will get to later, is, again, to give Congress notice before this happens. That is the issue. To just say ransom and throw that word out, anybody can do that; but this wasn’t a ransom. We are fulfilling our obligations under the accords that we signed that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.036 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5852 September 22, 2016 
each American President facing the same type of thing has sent money to Iran because we fulfill our obligations. It doesn’t matter from which party the President comes. President Obama did nothing more than other Presidents have done before him. I oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. P
OMPEO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . POMPEO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–781. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 11, after line 21, add the following: 
SEC. 10. SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO IRANIAN PERSONS THAT HOLD OR DETAIN UNITED STATES NATIONALS OR ALIENS LAWFULLY ADMITTED FOR PERMANENT RESIDENCE. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with re-spect to— (1) any Iranian person involved in the kid-napping or unjust detention on or after March 9, 2007, of any individual who is a na-tional of the United States or an alien who is lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the United States; (2) any Iranian person that engages, or at-tempts to engage, in an activity or trans-action that materially contributes to, or poses a risk of materially contributing to, kidnapping or unjust detention described in paragraph (1); and (3) any Iranian person that— (A) is owned or controlled by a person de-scribed in paragraph (1) or (2); (B) is acting for or on behalf of such a per-son; or (C) provides, or attempts to provide— (i) financial, material, technological, or other support to a person described in para-graph (1) or (2); or (ii) goods or services in support of an activ-ity or transaction described in paragraph (1) or (2). (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The President shall block, in accordance with the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person subject to subsection (a) if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (c) E
XCEPTION ; PENALTIES .— (1) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL EMER -
GENCY REQUIREMENT .—The requirements of section 202 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply for purposes of subsection (b). (2) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  
GOODS .—The requirement to block and pro-hibit all transactions in all property and in-terests in property under subsection (b) shall not include the authority to impose sanc-tions on the importation of goods. (3) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of regula-tions prescribed under subsection (b) to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act de-scribed in subsection (a) of such section 206. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
NTITY .—The term ‘‘entity’’ means a corporation, business association, partner-ship, trust, society, or any other entity. (2) I
RANIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘Iranian person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a citizen or na-tional of the Islamic Republic of Iran; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the Islamic Republic of Iran or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of the Govern-ment of the Islamic Republic of Iran. (3) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means an individual or entity. (4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a national of the United States or an alien who is lawfully ad-mitted for permanent residence in the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 879, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. P
OMPEO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED  
BY MR . POMPEO  
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–781 be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 11, after line 21, add the following: 
SEC. 10. SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO IRANIAN PERSONS THAT HOLD OR DETAIN UNITED STATES NATIONALS OR ALIENS LAWFULLY ADMITTED FOR PERMANENT RESIDENCE. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with re-spect to— (1) any Iranian person involved in the kid-napping or unjust detention of any indi-vidual who is a national of the United States or an alien who is lawfully admitted for per-manent residence in the United States; (2) any Iranian person that engages, or at-tempts to engage, in an activity or trans-action that materially contributes to, or poses a risk of materially contributing to, kidnapping or unjust detention described in paragraph (1); and (3) any Iranian person that— (A) is owned or controlled by a person de-scribed in paragraph (1) or (2); (B) is acting for or on behalf of such a per-son; or (C) provides, or attempts to provide— (i) financial, material, technological, or other support to a person described in para-graph (1) or (2); or (ii) goods or services in support of an activ-ity or transaction described in paragraph (1) or (2). (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The President shall block, in accordance with the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person subject to subsection (a) if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (c) EXCEPTION ; PENALTIES .— (1) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL EMER -
GENCY REQUIREMENT .—The requirements of section 202 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply for purposes of subsection (b). (2) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  
GOODS .—The requirement to block and pro-hibit all transactions in all property and in-terests in property under subsection (b) shall not include the authority to impose sanc-tions on the importation of goods. (3) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of regula-tions prescribed under subsection (b) to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act de-scribed in subsection (a) of such section 206. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
NTITY .—The term ‘‘entity’’ means a corporation, business association, partner-ship, trust, society, or any other entity. (2) I
RANIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘Iranian person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a citizen or na-tional of the Islamic Republic of Iran; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the Islamic Republic of Iran or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of the Govern-ment of the Islamic Republic of Iran. (3) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means an individual or entity. (4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a national of the United States or an alien who is lawfully ad-mitted for permanent residence in the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
Mr. POMPEO (during the reading). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-sent to dispense with the reading. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The amendment is modi-fied. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, the amendment that I have offered today places comprehensive sanctions on in-dividuals who hold Americans hostage. This amendment will support and strengthen the good work of Chairman R
OYCE on H.R. 5931. This week marks 1 year the Iranian Government has been holding hostage Nizar Zakka, a U.S. legal permanent resident and international Internet de-velopment expert. Mr. Zakka, this week, was sentenced to 10 years in pris-on and millions of dollars in fines. His only crime was to bring greater Inter-net access to the women of Iran. He joins two other Americans held hostage and one who is missing. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.085 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5853 September 22, 2016 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I do ap-preciate the sentiment behind what the gentleman is seeking to do. Of course we want to punish anyone who is un-justly holding American citizens be-hind bars, but there are so many poten-tial unintended consequences in this amendment, I simply don’t know where to start. First, the amendment requires sanc-tions against any Iranian who unjustly detains a U.S. citizen. But the term ‘‘unjustly detained’’ is not defined. So who defines it? Does the White House? The Congress? Iran? It is very difficult. Secondly, as anyone who has worked on sanctions policy knows—and we work on sanctions a lot on the Foreign Affairs Committee—it is typically not the use of sanctions that encourages the change in behavior; it is the threat of sanctions that encourages the change in behavior. That means that the Iranians have to believe that we will implement sanctions against them, but the President has to be given flexibility to use it or suspend it if they do change their behavior. This is impossible under this amend-ment. The President has no flexibility, no waiver, no termination authority, none of the typical details that com-pels regimes to change their behavior. So let me say, because of that, I en-courage all Members to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), our colleague and the ranking member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman, and I thank my friend, the ranking member. I have to oppose the amendment of my friend from Kansas. I oppose the amendment not because of what my friend is trying to accomplish, but be-cause of the way that we are trying to do it. I proudly represent Bob Levinson, who went missing on March 9, 2007. He is the longest held American in his-tory. We have worked tirelessly in this House—working with my friend, the sponsor of this amendment; Mr. R
OYCE , the chairman of the committee; and Mr. E
NGEL , the ranking member, we have worked in a strong, bipartisan way, all of us together, to bring Bob home. By amending this legislation—which I explained last week in our committee hearing why I opposed, just as the ranking member did today, because of the risks that the underlying bill causes in violating our legal obliga-tions under the Algiers Accords that has yielded over $2.5 billion for Amer-ican claimants and prohibiting settle-ment of claims until certification, that requirement that could prevent the U.S. from reaching settlement. This is a piece of legislation that we oppose. The goal is to continue to ensure that everything we do in focusing on bring-ing Bob home is done in a way that can pass with overwhelming support. So, unfortunately, I have to oppose my good friend’s amendment. But I want to thank him for the effort of fo-cusing attention, again, on American citizens who continue to be held in Iran. Eight months ago we were told when Amir Hekmati, Saeed Abedini, and Jason Rezaian finally were able to re-turn home to their families and that the Iranians agreed to continue cooper-ating with the United States to deter-mine the whereabouts of Robert Levinson. It is 8 months later, and Bob Levinson is not home with his family in Coral Springs, Florida. I look forward to working with my friend from Kansas and I look forward to working with every Member of this House and all of us in this country who understand that as long as there are Americans being held and as long as Bob Levinson, the longest held Amer-ican in history, continues to be missing in Iran that this House of Representa-tives will not rest, and that we will continue to pay attention and work to-gether to find ways to maximize our ef-forts to bring him home through what-ever pressure is necessary. It is intoler-able that we have to come to the floor over and over and over again as this poor family continues to wait for the return of their father and grandfather. I thank my friend for helping to raise this issue. I, unfortunately, have to op-pose the amendment for the reasons that I have stated. But I look forward to working together with my friend from Kansas, Democrats, Republicans, and all of the people of goodwill in this House and in this country until we bring him home. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. POMPEO ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . DUFFY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–781. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 11, after line 21, add the following: 
SEC. 10. PROHIBITION ON CASH PAYMENTS TO STATE SPONSORS OF TERRORISM. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Government may not provide, di-rectly or indirectly, to a government of a state sponsor of terrorism, or an agent act-ing on behalf of such a government— (A) monetary instruments; or (B) precious metals. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘monetary instruments’’ has the meaning given the term in paragraph (dd) of section 1010.100 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations; and (B) the term ‘‘precious metal’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1027.100(d) of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) APPLICATION TO NORTH KOREA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) shall apply with respect to a payment, or an agreement to make a payment, to an agency or instru-mentality of the Government of the Demo-cratic Peoples’ Republic of Korea, or an agent acting on behalf of such Government, in the same manner and to the same extent as such subsection applies with respect to a payment, or an agreement to make a pay-ment, to an agency or instrumentality of a state sponsor of terrorism, subject to the termination provisions described in para-graph (2). (2) T
ERMINATION .—Subsection (a) shall cease to apply with respect to a payment, or an agreement to make a payment, to an agency or instrumentality of the Govern-ment of the Democratic Peoples’ Republic of Korea, or an agent acting on behalf of such Government, beginning on the date on which the President makes the certification to Congress under section 402 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–122; 22 U.S.C. 92512). (c) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘state spon-sor of terrorism’’ means a country the gov-ernment of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j)(1)(A) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. App. 2405(j)(1)(A)) (as continued in ef-fect pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)), section 620A(a) of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371(a)), sec-tion 40(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780(d)), or any other provision of law, to be a government that has repeatedly pro-vided support for acts of international ter-rorism. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 879, the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. D
UFFY ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I want to take a mo-ment and thank Chairman R
OYCE for all of his work on this commonsense bill. But I have to say I am a little bit shocked that Chairman R
OYCE has to put so much work into this kind of a bill to prohibit cash payments to Iran, the lead sponsor of terrorism in the world. Shame on us for being in a situ-ation where we need legislation to stop cash payments to a state sponsor of terror. Have we so soon forgotten what hap-pened on 9/11? Have we so soon forgot-ten Iran’s role in 9/11 15 years ago? Just recently, former U.S. Senator and Democratic Party vice presidential nominee Joe Lieberman quoted the 9/11 Commission saying that there is strong evidence that Iran facilitated the tran-sit of al Qaeda members into and out of Afghanistan before 9/11 and that some of these were future 9/11 hijackers. Iran supports international terror. They have been designated a state sponsor of terror since 1984. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.088 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5854 September 22, 2016 
We know that the currency of terror is what? It is cash. They use cash to fund ter-rorism. So instead of saying, Do you know what, we are going to make pay-ments—if payments have to be made— by wire transfer to some Iranian bank in Europe where those payments can be traced, we say, No, no, no; we have been so successful in cutting them off from the financial world, we want to make these payments in cash to them. It is illegal right now for us to actu-ally load up a plane full of cash and send it from the U.S. to Iran. So the re-cent transaction that happened to get around that rule, the administration— President Obama and Jack Lew—said: We are going to wire the money. We are going to actually wire the money. We are going to wire it to a European bank and instruct them to convert it to cash and send it to Iran. Shame on the American administra-tion and shame on this House for not stopping it. I have an amendment that says not just Iran, but all state sponsors of ter-ror; and we should also include North Korea to be included on the list of folks that we are unwilling to send cash pay-ments to. This is just commonsense American policy that we have had in place for a long time that now is being rolled back by this administration. We have had so many people on both sides of the aisle who understand the threat of terror and the threat of cash in terrorists’ hands that we have all stood together. We now see a division in this House to not support that very commonsense ef-fort, which is an effort to support the American citizens and their safety. I think this is a sad day for this institu-tion. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b1930 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I think everybody knows I am from New York, and, frankly, I don’t need anyone lecturing me about 9/11. That is a pain in my heart that I will live with for the rest of my life. So I think that any reference to 9/11 from this bill is just totally off base. Again, Mr. Chairman, I don’t like the idea of shipping payments to Iran or any government hostile to the United States, but we have to abide by our ob-ligations whether we like it or not. We also don’t want to tie our hands, which is what this amendment would do. This measure would impose a perma-nent and blanket prohibition on most forms of money transfers, not just cash, whether made directly or indi-rectly through third parties. It would preempt all existing provisions of law. We have no idea what sort of con-sequences could come with something like this. We may face diplomatic or strategic opportunities that would re-quire quick action. But this provision is all-encompassing, regardless of cir-cumstance. And, again, there is no waiver for unforeseen situations. There are always waivers for the President in bills like this because the President can best decide what unforeseen situa-tions there are. And, again, it is any President from any party. So I think this amendment would take us down a wrong path. I am going to oppose it, and I urge all Members to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I would just note that the chairman’s bill and my amendment don’t prohibit cash payments to a lot of countries around the world. It restricts cash payments to only a few countries around the world and those countries that are American designated states that spon-sor terrorism. I don’t mean to lecture anybody about 9/11. I didn’t live in New York, I am not from New York, but I watched what happened in New York. And I think it is important that we not for-get what happened, who was respon-sible, and that we don’t lose our focus today for partisan reasons on who those bad actors are, and that we re-main vigilant in our effort to push back and fight back against state spon-sors of terror. And part of that fight is the fight against allowing them cash. On the Financial Services Com-mittee—I know Mr. R
OYCE works on this aggressively—we can use the glob-al financial system to shut them out, and we have been successful at that. But if you open up the global financial system and you pour cash and gold into Iran that can be used to sponsor terror, to buy technology in regard to mis-siles, or to advance your nuclear pro-gram, that has a direct impact on all Americans, our security, and our safe-ty. I think it is incumbent upon this House to look out first for our con-stituents and our countrymen, which means let’s prohibit cash payments, not any payment. You can make a wire transfer that you can actually trace. But let’s not send cash payments that are untraceable to State sponsors of terror. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–781. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike the text of the committee print and insert the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Restrictions on Payments to State Sponsors of Terrorism Act’’. 
SEC. 2. RESTRICTIONS ON PAYMENTS TO STATE SPONSORS OF TERRORISM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No agency or instrumen-tality of the United States Government may make a payment, or enter into an agreement to make a payment, to an agency or instru-mentality of a government of a state sponsor of terrorism, or an agent acting on behalf of such a government, in settlement of a claim or judgment against the United States, un-less, not less than 5 days prior to making such payment or entering into such agree-ment, the President submits to the appro-priate committees of Congress in writing— (1) a notification of the proposed payment or agreement; and (2) the text of the claim or judgment with respect to which such payment or agreement relates. (b) A
PPLICATION TO NORTH KOREA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsections (a) and (c) shall apply with respect to a payment, or an agreement to make a payment, to an agency or instrumentality of the Government of the Democratic Peoples’ Republic of Korea, or an agent acting on behalf of such Government, in the same manner and to the same extent as such subsections apply with respect to a payment, or an agreement to make a pay-ment, to an agency or instrumentality of a state sponsor of terrorism, subject to the termination provisions described in para-graph (2). (2) T
ERMINATION .—Subsections (a) and (c) shall cease to apply with respect to a pay-ment, or an agreement to make a payment, to an agency or instrumentality of the Gov-ernment of the Democratic Peoples’ Repub-lic of Korea, or an agent acting on behalf of such Government, beginning on the date on which the President makes the certification to Congress under section 402 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–122; 22 U.S.C. 92512). (c) P
UBLICATION IN THE FEDERAL REG-
ISTER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall publish in the Federal Register a list of payments, and agreements to make pay-ments, to agencies and instrumentalities of governments of a state sponsors of terrorism as described in subsection (a) that were made or entered into during the prior 180-day pe-riod. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The list of payments, and agreements to make payments, required to be published in the Federal Register under paragraph (1) shall, with respect to each such payment or agreement, include the fol-lowing: (A) The amount of the payment or agree-ment. (B) The agency or instrumentality of the United States Government that made the payment or entered into the agreement. (C) The reason or reasons for the payment or agreement. 
SEC. 3. REPORT ON OUTSTANDING CLAIMS BE-FORE THE IRAN-UNITED STATES CLAIMS TRIBUNAL. 
(a) R EPORT .—The President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port that describes each claim pending be-fore the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal as of the date of enactment of this Act. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the amount (if an amount is specified) and the status before the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal of each claim described in subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.090 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5855 September 22, 2016 
(c) F ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if necessary. (d) D
EADLINE .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted to the ap-propriate committees of Congress not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter until the disposition of all claims pending before the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal. 
SEC. 4. EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN ACTIVITIES. 
Nothing in this Act shall apply to any ac-tivities subject to the reporting require-ments of title V of the National Security Act of 1947. 
SEC. 5. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize any payment by the Government of the United States to a state sponsor of terrorism or North Korea. 
SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (2) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’ means a country the government of which the Sec-retary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j)(1)(A) of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. App. 2405(j)(1)(A)) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)), section 620A(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371(a)), section 40(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780(d)), or any other provision of law, to be a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 879, the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I am of-fering this amendment because I do think there is a lot of common ground when it comes to this issue. My concern is that the administra-tion really did not give Congress its due with respect to this payment. We were told about the payment but not notified about how this transition would take place, and that is just not right, especially when it is somewhat unusual. My amendment would require the ad-ministration, and future administra-tions, to notify Congress at least 5 days in advance of any settlement agree-ment or payment to Iran, to other countries on the state sponsors of ter-rorism list, and to North Korea, and it provides appropriate oversight on the claims that are remaining at the tri-bunal. It is straightforward, and it ensures that Congress’ role in foreign policy-making is not overlooked. I don’t think anyone here disagrees with that idea. My amendment gets to the heart of it. I think it would allow this bill to sail through the House with strong sup-port on both sides. It leaves aside the areas that are sure to eventually derail the underlying measure—talk of ran-som again and again, or to focus exclu-sively on cash payments. We are not going to agree on these areas. Putting them front and center guarantees that this bill has no path forward. So let’s put those issues aside and ad-vance legislation that addresses all our concerns. That is what we do every day on the Foreign Affairs Committee. I hope my amendment will help get our committee’s work back on track. Again, I ask all Members to support the amendment. I don’t think anyone can disagree with the fact that the ad-ministration, or future administra-tions, give Congress enough time so that we will hear about payments, we will hear about transactions before they are done, not while they are done or after they are done. I ask all Members to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment and will regretfully oppose the ranking mem-ber’s substitute. The CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, I agree with part of the argument that is being made here by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). You just heard a common theme be-tween the underlying bill and the rank-ing member’s substitute, and that is the need for greater transparency, es-pecially transparency around the Claims Tribunal. That is a must. I will go back to the underlying prob-lem. If diplomats were working over-time on a settlement, why not tell the committee of jurisdiction of the possi-bility? If the goal of this settlement was merely to put to rest a decade-old dispute over an abandoned arms sale, as we were told after the fact, then why the secrecy? The administration has intentionally left us, the committee, and this Congress in the dark. Both the underlying bill and the ranking member’s substitute requires the administration to be more trans-parent with Congress and the American people about how it engages with the tribunal. If future settlements are truly a good deal for the American tax-payers, these requirements should be welcomed, not a burden. The goal of the underlying legisla-tion is to ensure that a tribunal that has been in place since 1981, and has op-erated more or less successfully, can-not be manipulated, cannot be manipu-lated by either the next administration or this administration. So here the two of us agree. But I am afraid that this substitute does not address a larger problem, and that is because this proposal, unlike the underlying bill, contains no restric-tion on the way in which Iran could be paid. I was raising questions about the $1.7 billion payment when it was first made. Quite frankly, not too many were focused on it until it was revealed that it was paid in cash. Let me explain why many of us be-lieve that this is a crucial problem. It is because checks and wire transfers do leave a paper trail. Cash does not leave a paper trail. If Iran wires money to its terrorist proxies, we can see the banks it used, and we can work to cut them out of the financial system. That is what we are trying to do in isolating their ability to transfer funds to Hezbollah or Hamas. Now, when we give Iran cash then Iran can put that cash on a plane or on the back of a truck, and they can send that cash to Syria, or send it to Gaza, or to Hamas, or send it to Lebanon, or to Hezbollah. And that is why cash, the physical bills, are so valuable to Iran. Cash, not wire transfers, is the cur-rency of terror. So the bottom line is that because everyone knows that cash is a conduit for all sorts of illegal behavior, my hope is to carry the day here with this argument that the underlying bill has got to maintain this ability to cut off payments in cash to the terrorists in Tehran. I call them terrorists because that is what the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps is funding, as well as ballistic missile production, and that is what the Quds Force—and the head of the Quds Force is in charge of assassina-tions outside of the country—that is what he is doing. They have just toppled a government in Yemen that was an ally to the United States, they just committed further atrocities in Syria, and they are bulking up Hezbollah as we speak. That is why I feel that portion has to remain in the bill, and that is why I re-luctantly oppose this amendment which would remove the effectiveness of the cutting off of cash. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, let me say that I appreciate my friend, Chair-man R
OYCE ’s words. We don’t agree to-tally on this, but we do agree that the Iranian regime is a bad regime and they need to be checked. And I would hope that after this whole process is done, because this bill is not going to become law, that we can put our heads together and come up with something that can become law. The Iranians need to be checked, and the Congress needs to be informed and needs to be a part of the process. We are, obviously, an independent branch of government. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ). Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend, Mr. E
NGEL . Mr. Chairman, the goal here tonight, I think, is to both simultaneously en-sure that we don’t take any action that would make it difficult for Americans to bring claims to the Iran-U.S. Claims Tribunal that would enhance our abil-ity to continue with our legal obliga-tions under the Algiers Accords but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.041 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5856 September 22, 2016 
that will also focus on the very specific problem that we have at hand. Mr. E
NGEL ’s substitute amendment, I think, will permit us to do all of that. It carries over the provision from the underlying bill that requires reporting to Congress on claims settlements and payments to Iran, it enhances our abil-ity to be aware of and to have greater disability of transfer of funds to Iran going forward, and it ensures that Con-gress will be able to keep in sharp focus before any of those transfers happen so that we can then act accordingly. And I would just remind everyone that we have really done meaningful work in the House under the leadership of the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. R
OYCE , and the rank-ing member, Mr. E
NGEL . We have done meaningful work because we have been able to work together to take on the threats posed by Iran. It is because of the work, the bipar-tisan effort, the work that has been done together that Iran faced unprece-dented economic sanctions. And it is because of the work, again, that has been done in a bipartisan way that members of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, who direct the funding of terror and commit egregious human rights violations, continue to remain sanctioned. And it is because of the ef-forts of Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL that banks continue to be weary of dealing with Iran, and Iran is still fully unable to access the inter-national financial market in U.S. dol-lars. So there are plenty of examples of the good work that we have done to-gether. When we work together on these issues of critical importance, the country is stronger and safer. I think Mr. E
NGEL ’s amendment will provide us the opportunity to go forward in a bi-partisan way in a manner that, again, will help the United States be stronger and safer. I know that is everyone’s goal, both on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and in the House. That is why I support the amendment, and that is why I urge my colleagues to also sup-port it. b1945 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chairman, regret-fully, I will be opposing the substitute. As Members of the House know, it is unusual for the two of us to be at odds. In working together, we have a long track record of success: 14 bills this session, 18 in the last session. Just yes-terday, the House sent to the Presi-dent’s desk bipartisan legislation, which was authored by me and Rank-ing Member E
NGEL , to crack down on the illegal trafficking of wildlife; but here we have a disagreement. Sending pallets of cash is bad policy. This bill fixes the problem. I oppose the sub-stitute and urge the passage of the un-derlying measure. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUFFY ) having assumed the chair, Mr. R
USSELL , Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5931) to provide for the prohibi-tion on cash payments to the Govern-ment of Iran, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 47 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2046 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) at 8 o’clock and 46 minutes p.m. 
f 
PROHIBITING FUTURE RANSOM PAYMENTS TO IRAN ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 879 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5931. Will the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) kindly take the chair. b2047 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5931) to provide for the prohibition on cash payments to the Government of Iran, and for other purposes, with Mr. A
BRAHAM (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–781, offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) had been post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 176, noes 238, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 553] AYES—176 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Capps Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.093 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5857 September 22, 2016 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—17 
Barletta Carter (GA) Davis, Rodney Farr Fincher Gutie´rrez Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Payne Pelosi Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Shuster Vela Walters, Mimi 
b2111 Messrs. PERRY, SMITH of Missouri, DUNCAN of South Carolina, GUINTA, CRAMER, Mrs. HARTZLER, Mr. COS-TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. M
CMOR-RIS RODGERS, Messrs. YOHO, HUELSKAMP, M
CDERMOTT, DOG-GETT, and PALMER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, CROWLEY, BARTON, and MASSIE changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on rollcall No. 553, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia) having as-sumed the chair, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5931) to provide for the prohibition on cash payments to the Government of Iran, and for other purposes, and, pur-suant to House Resolution 879, he re-ported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Com-mittee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by 5-minute votes on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5037; and the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5798. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 254, noes 163, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 554] AYES—254 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—163 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.042 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5858 September 22, 2016 
Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Barletta Carter (GA) Farr Fincher Gutie´rrez Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Payne Pelosi Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b2119 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS AND PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE VOLUNTARY SEPARATION INCEN-TIVE PAYMENTS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5037) to authorize the estab-lishment of a program of voluntary separation incentive payments for non-judicial employees of the District of Columbia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 413, nays 1, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 555] YEAS—413 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—1 
McClintock 
NOT VOTING—17 
Barletta Carter (GA) Farr Fincher Gutie´rrez Hanna Kildee Lieu, Ted Moore Mulvaney Payne Pelosi Poe (TX) Rokita Rush Sanchez, Loretta Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b2126 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ABNER J. MIKVA POST OFFICE BUILDING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5798) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building‘‘, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 392, nays 22, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 556] YEAS—392 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.044 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5859 September 22, 2016 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—22 
Allen Brat Davidson Gosar Griffith Harris Hartzler Huelskamp Kelly (MS) Labrador Lummis Massie Moolenaar Mulvaney Palazzo Perry Ribble Salmon Sanford Stutzman Wittman Yoho 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Rice (SC) 
NOT VOTING—16 
Barletta Carter (GA) Costa Farr Fincher Gutie´rrez Hanna Kildee Lieu, Ted Moore Payne Pelosi Poe (TX) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Walters, Mimi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b2132 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 5931, PRO-HIBITING FUTURE RANSOM PAY-MENTS TO IRAN ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that the Clerk be au-thorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R. 5931. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia). Is there ob-jection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 2016, TO MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, September 26, 2016, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. f 
HONORING ST. CLOUD ATTACK VICTIMS AND HEROISM OF PO-LICE OFFICER (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, last weekend, an act of terror took place at a St. Cloud, Minnesota, mall. On Saturday night, 10 people were stabbed at the Crossroads Mall before the attacker was fatally shot by an armed off-duty police officer on the scene. Thankfully, none of the victims were killed, and all are expected to make full recoveries. The attack is yet another troubling reminder of the growing threat that Americans do face here at home. The quick reaction of the armed off- duty police officer, Jason Falconer of Avon, likely stopped this from being an even greater tragedy. He is a hero for his bravery, his courage, and his self-lessness to protect those who were in danger that night. Our law enforce-ment officers put themselves in harm’s way, and they deserve our utmost re-spect for the risks and the difficult de-cisions that they make each and every day. Mr. Speaker, the safety of our citi-zens must remain a top priority, and I will continue to work to ensure that our law enforcement agencies have the resources that are necessary to protect American lives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. JOHN YEE OF AURORA, COLORADO (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize the service of an ex-traordinary retired high school world history teacher, Mr. John Yee, whom I had 44 years ago when I was a student at Central High School in Aurora, Col-orado. Mr. John Yee was a teacher who in-spired his students by making history come alive in the classroom and by leaving us with an intellectual curi-osity about the world around us that would forever be a part of our lives. Mr. John Yee’s personal story of hav-ing grown up in Kunming, China, dur-ing the Imperial Japanese Army’s inva-sion of his homeland, as well as his subsequent service as a translator with the Flying Tigers, gave him an unpar-alleled depth of understanding when it came to describing the cultural dynam-ics of global events. Mr. Speaker, a great nation cannot exist without great teachers, and I be-lieve that Mr. John Yee is among the very best, and I will forever be grateful 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.051 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5860 September 22, 2016 
for his unyielding dedication to public education. 
f 
WYOMING LOSES TWO OF ITS FAVORITE SONS (Mrs. LUMMIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, it is a tough week for Wyoming. Wyoming is the land of high altitudes, low mul-titudes, and great attitudes. We have the smallest population in the Nation, and yet, geographically, we are one of the largest States in the Nation; so ev-eryone matters. This week, we lost two of our favorite sons—two of our most impressive people. Brian Scott Gamroth was killed in a motorcycle accident when coming back to Wyoming from a Shriners Conven-tion on Sunday. Brian was the voice of Wyoming. He gave his time, talents, and energy to raise hundreds of thou-sands—if not millions—of dollars for Wyoming’s charities. His heart was as big as his gigantic frame and as his deep, baritone voice on the radio in Casper, Wyoming. He was a dear friend and a beloved Wyoming person, and I will miss him with my whole heart. On the same day, we lost our beloved Flip McConnaughey, who died after serving our senior U.S. Senator, M
IKE E
NZI, as his chief of staff here in Wash-ington for over 20 years. Flip McConnaughey came out of municipal government in Wyoming, as did our senior Senator, M
IKEENZI. They love the communities of Wyoming. They have worked so hard all of these years in the U.S. Senate for Wyoming. I thank them, and we will miss them with all of our hearts. 
f 
NATIONAL READ WITH A CHILD WEEK (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of National Read with a Child Week, which is organized by the Children’s Reading Foundation to promote early literacy development. The first few years of a child’s life are critical to the acquisition of lan-guage and literacy skills, which are cornerstones of social and academic de-velopment. I firmly believe that all children deserve an excellent education and that preparation for academic suc-cess can never begin too early. Unfor-tunately, many children face signifi-cant barriers to achievement as recent research shows that over three-quar-ters of fourth graders from low-income families are not proficient in reading. The Children’s Reading Foundation, which is headquartered in Kennewick, Washington, is leading the way in sup-porting early childhood literacy and in preparing all children for success in school and throughout their lives. Read with a Child Week, which takes place this week, September 18 through 24, is highlighting the tremendous impor-tance of early literacy, and I call on all of my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this initiative. f 
GUIDANCE ON THE SOCIAL COST OF CARBON (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration is advancing something under the Council on Envi-ronmental Quality known as a ‘‘guid-ance on the social cost of carbon.’’ This would be undertaken while doing envi-ronmental impact studies. At the same time the administration claims that it is trying to advance more oil and gas by using those re-serves to further help the energy econ-omy in this country, it is also advanc-ing this, but it claims it has not yet been adopted. Yet, some Federal agen-cies are already using it in order to block the development of this and of other important infrastructure. This will be yet another tool to stop either needed energy policy or other infra-structure projects that need to be done around this country. We cannot afford to have these regu-lators coming out using a policy that has not been passed by the Congress but, indeed, is something that has been adopted by the administration on its own in order to block projects that are especially needed in rural areas for our energy economy in this country, for nonreliance on foreign energy, and for the jobs that are so desperately needed. This is a wrong-headed approach to adopt policy without the word of Con-gress—the people’s Representatives— on this issue. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia (at the re-quest of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today after 3 p.m. on account of personal reasons. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1878. An act to extend the pediatric pri-ority review voucher program; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2615. An act to establish the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial Com-mission. H.R. 5252. An act to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tornillo, Texas, as the ‘‘Marcelino Serna Port of Entry’’. H.R. 5937. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to authorize the American Bat-tle Monuments Commission to acquire, oper-ate, and maintain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in Marnes-la-Coquette, France, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 44 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Sep-tember 26, 2016, at noon for morning- hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign curencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the third quarter of 2016, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE7.104 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5861 September 22, 2016 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, HON. MARKWAYNE MULLIN, EXPENDED BETWEEN AUG. 16 AND AUG. 19, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Markwayne Mullin ........................................... 8 /16 8 /19 Jordan ............................................. ...... .................... 649 .................... 14,588 .................... .................... .................... 15,237 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 649 .................... 14,588 .................... .................... .............. ...... 15,237 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MARKWAYNE MULLIN, Sept. 16, 2016. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO ITALY AND AFGHANISTAN, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 30 AND AUG. 6, 2 016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 7 /31 8 /5 Italy .......................................... ............. .................... 1,804 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,804 Hon. Eliot Engel ....................................................... 7 /31 8 /5 Italy ........................................ ............... .................... 1,804 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,804 Hon. Rosa DeLauro .................................................. 7 /31 8 /5 Italy ............................................ ........... .................... 1,804 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,804 Hon. Anna Eshoo ..................................................... 7 /31 8 /5 Italy ........................................... ............ .................... 2,255 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,255 Hon. Steve Israel ..................................................... 7 /31 8 /5 Italy ......................................... .............. .................... 1,804 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,804 Hon. Dutch Ruppersberger ...................................... 7 /31 8 /5 Italy ................................................. ...... .................... 1,804 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,804 Hon. Andre´Carson .................................................. 7 /31 8 /5 Italy ....................................................... .................... 1,804 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,804 Hon. Terri Sewell ..................................................... 7 /31 8 /5 Italy ......................................... .............. .................... 1,804 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,804 Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 7 /31 8 /5 Italy ......................................... .............. .................... 1,804 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,804 Caroline Behringer ................................................... 7 /31 8 /5 Italy .......................................... ............. .................... 2,255 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,255 Bina Surgeon ........................................................... 7 /31 8 /5 Italy ........................................ ............... .................... 2,255 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,255 Emily Berret ............................................................. 7 /31 8 /5 Italy ...................................... ................. .................... 2,255 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,255 Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 8 /3 8 /4 Afghanistan ..................................... ..... .................... 7 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 7 Hon. Eliot Engel ....................................................... 8 /3 8 /4 Afghanistan ................................... ....... .................... 7 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 7 Hon. Rosa DeLauro .................................................. 8 /3 8 /4 Afghanistan ....................................... ... .................... 7 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 7 Hon. Anna Eshoo ..................................................... 8 /3 8 /4 Afghanistan ...................................... .... .................... 7 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 7 Hon. Steve Israel ..................................................... 8 /3 8 /4 Afghanistan .................................... ...... .................... 7 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 7 Hon. Dutch Ruppersberger ...................................... 8 /3 8 /4 Afghanistan .......................................... .. .................. 7 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 7 Hon. Andre´Carson .................................................. 8 /3 8 /4 Afghanistan .......................................... ........ ............ 7 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 7 Hon. Terri Sewell ..................................................... 8 /3 8 /4 Afghanistan .................................... ...... .................... 7 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 7 Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 8 /3 8 /4 Afghanistan .................................... ...... .................... 7 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 7 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 23,515 .................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... 23,515 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. NANCY PELOSI, Sept. 2, 2016. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6942. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Alabama and North Carolina; Interstate Transport — 2010 NO2 Standards [EPA-R04-OAR-2016-0209; FRL-9952-74-Region 4] received September 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6943. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Georgia; Prong 4-2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, SO2, and 2012 PM2.5 [EPA-R04-OAR-2016-0315; FRL-9952-72- Region 4] received September 20, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6944. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Partial Approval and Par-tial Disapproval of Implementation Plans; State of Iowa; Infrastructure SIP Require-ments for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) [EPA-R07- OAR-2016-0407; FRL-9952-55-Region 7] re-ceived September 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6945. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Promulgation of Air Qual-ity Implementation Plans; State of Arkan-sas; Regional Haze and Interstate Visibility Transport Federal Implementation Plan [EPA-R06-OAR-2015-0189; FRL-9952-03-Region 6] received September 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6946. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Pyridaben; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0390; FRL-9951-92] received September 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6947. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 73.3555(e) of the Commission’s Rules, National Television Multiple Ownership Rule [MB Docket No.: 13- 236] received September 21, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6948. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12957 of March 15, 1995, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94- 412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6949. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(d)(1); Public Law 92-403, Sec. 1; (86 Stat. 619); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6950. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Japan, Transmittal No. 16-46, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6951. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Of-fice of Protected Resources, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Species; Iden-tification of 14 Distinct Population Seg-ments of the Humpback Whale (Megaptera novaeangliae) and Revision of Species-Wide Listing [Docket No.: 130708594-6598-03] (RIN: 0648-XC751) received September 21, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6952. A letter from the Director, Adminis-trative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting the report of the Administra-tive Office of the United States Courts on ap-plications for delayed-notice search warrants and extensions during fiscal year 2015, pursu-ant to 18 U.S.C. 3103a(d)(2); Added by Public Law 90-351, Sec. 1401(a) (further added by Public Law 109-177, Sec. 114(c)); (120 Stat. 211); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6953. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the South San Francisco Bay Shoreline, Santa Clara County, Cali-fornia final integrated report and environ-mental impact report for September 2015 (re-vised December 2015) (H. Doc. No. 114—166); to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure and ordered to be printed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.035 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5862 September 22, 2016 
6954. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the West Sacramento General Reevaluation Final Report and Ap-pendices for December 2015 (revised May 2016) (H. Doc. No. 114—167); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and or-dered to be printed. 6955. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Navigation Improve-ments Craig, Alaska Final Interim Feasi-bility Report and Environmental Assessment for March 16, 2016 (H. Doc. No. 114—168); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and ordered to be printed. 6956. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the American River Wa-tershed Common Features General Reevalua-tion Final Reports and Appendices for De-cember 2015 (Revised May 2016) (H. Doc. No. 114—169); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and ordered to be printed. 6957. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Treatment of Indian Tribes in a Similar Manner as States for Purposes of Section 303(d) of the Clean Water Act [EPA-HQ-OW-2014-0622; FRL-9952-61-OW] (RIN: 2040-AF52) received September 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6958. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Announcement of the Results of the Phase III Allocation Round of the Qualifying Gasification Project Program [Announce-ment 2016-34] received September 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 6959. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Credit for Carbon Dioxide Sequestra-tion; 2016 Section 45Q Inflation Adjustment Factor [Notice 2016-53] received Septermber 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6960. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Updating of Address for Qualified Ve-hicle Submissions [Notice 2016-51] received September 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6961. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Foreign Tax Credit Guidance under Section 909 Related to Foreign-Initiated Ad-justments [Notice 2016-52] received Sep-tember 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6962. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — October 2016 (Rev. Rul. 2016-25) received September 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6963. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Facilitating Compliance with Quali-fied Plan Document Requirements [An-nouncement 2016-32] received September 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6964. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Announcement of Certification Re-sulting from the 2012-2013 Phase III Alloca-tion Round of the Qualifying Advanced Coal Project Program (Announcement 2016-33) re-ceived September 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6965. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rules — Evidence from Excluded Medical Sources of Evidence [Docket No.: SSA-2016-0015] (RIN: 0960-AH92) received September 20, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6966. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report entitled ‘‘Department of En-ergy Activities Relating to the Defense Nu-clear Facilities Safety Board, Fiscal Year 2015’’, pursuant to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, Sec. 316(b), as amended; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Armed Services. 6967. A letter from the Labor Member, Management Member, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the Board’s budget re-quest for FY 2018, pursuant to 45 U.S.C. 231f(f); Aug. 29, 1935, ch. 812, Sec. 7(f) (as amended by Public Law 93-445, Sec. 416); (97 Stat. 436); jointly to the Committees on Ap-propriations, Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 6004. A bill to modernize Government information tech-nology, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–783, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 954. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt from the individual mandate certain individuals who had coverage under a terminated quali-fied health plan funded through the Con-sumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO-OP) program; with an amendment (Rept. 114–784). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5303. A bill to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–785, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Natural Resources dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5303 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: By Mr. PALLONE (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, and Ms. D
EGETTE ): H.R. 6116. A bill to enable needed drinking water standards, reduce lead in drinking water, plan for and address threats from cli-mate change, terrorism, and source water contamination, invest in drinking water in-frastructure, increase compliance with drinking water standards, foster greater community right to know about drinking water quality, and promote technological so-lutions for drinking water challenges; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 6117. A bill to provide at-risk and dis-connected youth with subsidized summer and year-round employment and to assist local community partnerships in improving high school graduation and youth employment rates, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. M
CHENRY: H.R. 6118. A bill to promote innovation in financial services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 6119. A bill to distribute Federal funds for elementary and secondary education in the form of vouchers for eligible students and to repeal a certain rule relating to nutri-tion standards in schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 6120. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for clarifica-tion and rationalization of Medicare pre-scription drug plan recovery rules for certain claims; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself, Mr. P
AL-
LONE , and Mr. T ONKO ): H.R. 6121. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act with respect to climate resil-iency, security, and source water protection planning, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. C
OURTNEY ): H.R. 6122. A bill to authorize the creation of a commission to develop voluntary acces-sibility guidelines for electronic instruc-tional materials and related technologies used in postsecondary education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. S
CALISE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. G
OWDY , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. C
OOK): H.R. 6123. A bill to congressionally des-ignate the museum to preserve the stories, knowledge, and history of the Medal of Honor to be constructed in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, as the National Medal of Honor Museum; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself and Mrs. B
EATTY ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22SE7.000 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5863 September 22, 2016 
H.R. 6124. A bill to amend section 428 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to provide incentives to grantees under the Continuum of Care program to re-house all former members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania (for himself, Mr. M
EEHAN , and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 6125. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to publish a maximum contaminant level goal and promulgate a national primary drinking water regulation for perfluorinated com-pounds, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D OG-
GETT , and Mr. E LLISON ): H.R. 6126. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to require the disclo-sure of total corporate tax paid by a corpora-tion in each annual report required to be filed under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. N ORTON , and Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN ): H.R. 6127. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to require the improvement of consumer confidence reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6128. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to conduct a study on the presence of pharmaceuticals and personal care products in sources of drinking water; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 6129. A bill to designate the Frank Moore Wild Steelhead Sanctuary in the State of Oregon; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. L AM-
BORN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-sylvania, Mr. L
ANCE , and Mr. G RIF-
FITH): H.R. 6130. A bill to provide the victims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art con-fiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. H ARRIS , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi-gan, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. P
ITTS, Mr. R USSELL , Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. M
ULLIN ): H.R. 6131. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit human-animal chi-meras; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 6132. A bill to establish a task force to develop a national trauma care system, to improve the trauma care system of the De-partment of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-self, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. P OE of Texas, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. B
OST, and Mr. G OODLATTE ): H.R. 6133. A bill to reauthorize certain pro-grams established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6134. A bill to establish a National TechCorps program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. COHEN , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , and Mr. F INCHER ): H.R. 6135. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Ten-nessee, as the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M ICHAEL  F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C
APUANO ): H.R. 6136. A bill to provide for USA Retire-ment Funds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 6137. A bill to provide emergency tax relief for persons affected by severe storms and flooding occurring in Louisiana; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California (for herself, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. B
ERA, Mr. C OOK, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. P
ELOSI , Ms. L EE, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. F
ARR, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. M
CCARTHY , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. K
NIGHT , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. T
EDLIEU of California, Mr. B
ECERRA , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. B
ASS, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-fornia, Mr. R
OYCE , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C ALVERT , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. H
AHN, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. I SSA, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. P ETERS , and Mrs. D
AVIS of California): H.R. 6138. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 560 East Pleasant Valley Road, Port Hue-neme, California, as the U.S. Naval Con-struction Battalion ‘‘Seabees’’ Fallen Heroes Post Office Building; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mr. K
IND, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. G
RIFFITH , and Mr. M CDERMOTT ): H.R. 6139. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide Medicare en-titlement to immunosuppressive drugs for kidney transplant recipients; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 6140. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to publish a maximum contaminant level goal and promulgate a national primary drinking water regulation for perchlorate, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P
OCAN , and Mr. N OLAN ): H.R. 6141. A bill to amend the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 to require the publication of the negotiating position of the United States for each proposed trade agreement after each meeting of the parties to the trade agreement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. M
AC- A
RTHUR , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K IND, Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. K
ILMER , and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ): H.R. 6142. A bill to amend section 403(q) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prohibit the Food and Drug Administration from requiring the percent of daily value of added sugars to be included in the labeling of certain nutrient-dense foods, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. FUDGE: H.R. 6143. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to publish revised guidance for school officials seeking to reduce exposure to lead from drinking water in schools, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: H.R. 6144. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 to include the out-lays and revenue totals relating to social se-curity benefits in a concurrent resolution on the budget, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HIMES (for himself, Mr. L
AR-
SON of Connecticut, Ms. E STY, and Mr. C
ARNEY ): H.R. 6145. A bill to require certain eques-trian helmets to include a warning label, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6146. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve the dependent care credit by repealing the phasedown of the credit percentage; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself, Mr. M
ILLER of Florida, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS ): H.R. 6147. A bill to establish the 50th Anni-versary Apollo I Memorial; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22SE7.100 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5864 September 22, 2016 
Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mrs. M ILLER of Michi-gan, Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. K IL-
DEE, and Mrs. B EATTY ): H.R. 6148. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to publish a maximum contaminant level goal and promulgate a national primary drinking water regulation for microcystin toxin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Ms. G ABBARD , and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana): H.R. 6149. A bill to promote pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to em-power survivors of domestic violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6150. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to prohibit private educational lenders from requiring accelerated repay-ment of private education loans upon the death or disability of a cosigner of the loan; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6151. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to allow veterans affected by school closures to continue receiving month-ly stipends under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program for a certain period, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6152. A bill to provide funding for Vio-lent Crime Reduction Partnerships in the most violent communities in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. G IBSON ): H.R. 6153. A bill to provide installation re-utilization authority for arsenals, depots, and plants; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 6154. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to reduce lead in drinking water, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6155. A bill to amend the Wilderness Act to ensure access to wilderness areas by Federal, State, and local emergency response personnel during an emergency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6156. A bill to amend the Wilderness Act and the Federal Land Policy and Man-agement Act of 1976 to require the manage-ment of a wilderness study area, not des-ignated by statute, under the jurisdiction of the Forest Service or the Bureau of Land Management for multiple use pending con-gressional consideration of the recommenda-tion for designation of the area as wilder-ness, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. OLSON (for himself and Ms. CASTOR of Florida): H.R. 6157. A bill to modernize the prescrip-tion verification process for contact lenses, to clarify consumer protections regarding false advertising of contact lenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. C
HABOT ): H.R. 6158. A bill to provide for enhanced penalties for certain offenses relating to con-trolled substances containing fentanyl, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut): H.R. 6159. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt premiums paid on non-cash-value property and casualty in-surance from the taxes to enforce reporting on certain foreign accounts; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. H ONDA , and Ms. K
APTUR ): H.R. 6160. A bill to establish the United States Chief Manufacturing Officer in the Executive Office of the President with the responsibility of developing a national man-ufacturing strategy to revitalize the manu-facturing sector, spur economic growth, and expand United States competitiveness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. J
UDY C
HUof California, Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. L EE, Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H.R. 6161. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require institutions of higher education to notify certain Federal agencies when principal investigators at such institutions engage in discrimination on the basis of sex, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6162. A bill to amend the Federal De-posit Insurance Act to ensure that prepaid funds deposited in an insured depository in-stitution satisfy the requirements of the pri-mary purpose exclusion to the definition of deposit broker, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6163. A bill to amend the Personal Re-sponsibility and Work Opportunity Rec-onciliation Act of 1996 to repeal the denial of assistance and benefits for individuals with certain drug-related convictions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B
ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of In-diana, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H
ECKof Washington, Mr. H IMES, Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. H OYER , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K
EATING , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K
ILDEE , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. L
ARSON of Con-necticut, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N EAL, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M URPHY  of Florida, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. L INDA T. S
A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T HOMP -
SON of California, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T
ONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. Y
ARMUTH ): H. Con. Res. 160. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the opening of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American His-tory and Culture, the only national museum dedicated to documenting African American life, history, and culture; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. T
AKANO , and Miss R ICEof New York): H. Con. Res. 161. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that those who served in the bays, harbors, and terri-torial seas of the Republic of Vietnam during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, should be presumed to have been exposed to the toxin Agent Orange and should be eligible for all related Federal benefits that come with such presumption under the Agent Orange Act of 1991; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Mr. K
IND, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. I
SRAEL , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington, Ms. L
EE, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. H ECKof Wash-ington, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22SE7.100 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5865 September 22, 2016 
of New Mexico, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. K
APTUR ): H. Res. 882. A resolution encouraging the observance of the week beginning on October 9, 2016, as ‘‘National Wildlife Refuge Week’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California): H. Res. 883. A resolution supporting the designation of a week as National Federal Nurse Recognition Week; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B
ARTON , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mrs. M
IMI WALTERS of California, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. C OLLINS of Geor-gia, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. S TUTZMAN , and Mrs. L
UMMIS ): H. Res. 884. A resolution recognizing that Hillary Rodham Clinton violated, ignored, and otherwise chose not to follow legal and ethical obligations and responsibilities ex-pected of the head of any Federal agency of the United States Government during her tenure as United States Secretary of State from 2009 through 2013; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. B
ECERRA , Mr. B EYER , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. D ENHAM , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F OS-
TER, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. H
AHN, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. M URPHY of Flor-ida, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. S
ABLAN , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. S MITH of Wash-ington, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. V ELA, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. H
IMES, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. C
ROWLEY ): H. Res. 885. A resolution recognizing His-panic Heritage Month and celebrating the heritage and culture of Latinos in the United States and the immense contributions of Latinos and Latinas to the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Ms. M ENG, Mr. G
IBSON , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. B
RAT, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C URBELO of Flor-ida, Mr. H
ARDY , Mr. K ELLY of Mis-sissippi, and Mr. D
AVIDSON ): H. Res. 886. A resolution recognizing No-vember 26, 2016, as ‘‘Small Business Satur-day’’ and supporting efforts to increase awareness of the value of locally owned small businesses; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. E
LLISON ): H. Res. 887. A resolution supporting efforts to increase competition and accountability in the health insurance marketplace, and to extend accessible, quality, affordable health care coverage to every American through the choice of a public insurance plan; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. FUDGE (for herself, Mr. K
IND, Mr. R
EICHERT , and Mr. T IBERI ): H. Res. 888. A resolution expressing support for designation of September as ‘‘National Childhood Obesity Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana): H. Res. 889. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of October as National Do-mestic Violence Awareness Month and ex-pressing the sense of the House of Represent-atives that Congress should continue to raise awareness of domestic violence and its dev-astating effects on individuals, families, and communities, and support programs designed to end domestic violence in the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Ms. P
INGREE , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California): H. Res. 890. A resolution expressing support for the Arctic Council and commemorating the Arctic Council 20th anniversary; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6116. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 6117. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. M
CHENRY: H.R. 6118. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence . . . of the United States; but all Du-ties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 6119. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The ‘‘Power of the Purse’’ as defined in Ar-ticle I, Section 9, Clause 7 By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6120. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mrs. CAPPS: H.R. 6121. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6122. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 6123. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 6124. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, Sec 8, Clause 3 By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 6125. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: General Welfare Clause, Article I, Section 8 By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 6126. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 6127. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power *** To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6128. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7 By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 6129. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 6130. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 9; article III, section 1, clause 1; and article III, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress authority over federal courts and article I, section 8, clause 3, which gives Con-gress the authority to regulate commerce with foreign nations and among the States. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 6131. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 6132. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22SE7.100 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5866 September 22, 2016 
‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the au-thority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 6133. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6134. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 6135. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6136. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution relating to the power of Con-gress to provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. Article 3, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution relating to the power of Con-gress to regulate commerce. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 6137. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I and Amendment XVI of the United States Con-stitution. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 6138. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 7 By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 6139. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 6140. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 6141. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section VIII By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 6142. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. FUDGE: H.R. 6143. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: H.R. 6144. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6145. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, as this legislation pro-vides for the general welfare of the United States. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6146. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6147. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 6148. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 6149. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: ‘‘[T]o provide for [the] general Welfare . . . [and] To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6150. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6151. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6152. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. LOEBSACK: 
H.R. 6153. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 6154. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6155. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 purports that, ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States . . .’’ By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6156. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 purports that, ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States . . .’’ By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 6157. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. REED: H.R. 6158. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. ROYCE: H.R. 6159. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution: The Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 6160. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 6161. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6162. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power . . . To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6163. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 188: Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 213: Mr. L
ONG, Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. N
EUGEBAUER . H.R. 225: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 226: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 347: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 532: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 583: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 729: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 742: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 923: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. H
ARPER , and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1218: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.055 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5867 September 22, 2016 
H.R. 1221: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 1284: Ms. M
ENG, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 1310: Mr. S
CHIFF and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1375: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1399: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Mr. H ECKof Washington. H.R. 1427: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 1530: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 1572: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 1608: Mr. G
RIFFITH and Ms. K USTER . H.R. 1728: Mr. K
EATING and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2132: Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 2224: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 2268: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2293: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2302: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 2431: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2660: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 2737: Mr. S
TUTZMAN , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. R OGERS of Ala- bama, Mr. P
OMPEO , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. C OOK, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. S AN-
FORD , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. S
TIVERS , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. H IMES, Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , and Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 2739: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida and Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 2799: Mr. B
ARRand Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 2889: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 3048: Mr. B
RADY of Texas. H.R. 3119: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3226: Mr. K
ILDEE and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 3316: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. K
USTER , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3355: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 3378: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3381: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 3397: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 3512: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3514: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 3522: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts and Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 3656: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 3660: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 3666: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. K
ILDEE , and Mr. D OLD. H.R. 3683: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 3687: Mr. N
EUGEBAUER . H.R. 3706: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. C LAY, and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 3720: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 3742: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. H UIZENGA  of Michigan, Mr. C
OOK, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 3790: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 3849: Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 3886: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 3892: Mr. F
LEMING . H.R. 3919: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 4027: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 4177: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4184: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. T
ONKO , and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 4212: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 4216: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4298: Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, and Mr. C ON-
AWAY . H.R. 4365: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 4450: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 4559: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 4567: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 4626: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi- ana, Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 4718: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 4764: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 4773: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mr. R
IBBLE . H.R. 4798: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 4907: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 4919: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4927: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4938: Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, and Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS . H.R. 4989: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 5002: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 5045: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 5083: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 5113: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 5177: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 5182: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 5224: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 5301: Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 5313: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5321: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 5344: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 5475: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 5499: Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. C
ONAWAY . H.R. 5557: Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 5560: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 5619: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 5622: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 5628: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5671: Mr. S
ERRANO and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 5721: Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 5727: Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , and Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 5732: Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. H
ILL, and Ms. D UCKWORTH . H.R. 5733: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5745: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 5807: Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. B ARR, Mrs. L
OVE, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 5813: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. R EED. H.R. 5814: Mr. B
ARLETTA and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 5829: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5898: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 5902: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 5935: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 5942: Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. J OLLY . H.R. 5951: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 5961: Mr. H
ULTGREN and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 5962: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 5972: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 5980: Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. H ECKof Nevada. H.R. 6001: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 6013: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 6017: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 6030: Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. L EE, and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 6042: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 6045: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 6070: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 6074: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 6076: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 6086: Mr. R
OUZER and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 6087: Mr. A
SHFORD , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. B
UCHANAN , and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 6088: Mr. B
ARLETTA and Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 6094: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. D UFFY , Ms. F
OXX, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor- gia, Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. M
ARINO , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 6097: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 6098: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 6100: Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 6108: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 6110: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.J. Res. 22: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.J. Res. 94: Mr. H
ONDA . H.J. Res. 98: Mr. D
OGGETT . H. Con. Res. 26: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H. Con. Res. 114: Mrs. B
LACK . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. L
ARSON of Con- necticut, Ms. K
USTER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir- ginia, Mr. P
ALMER , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K EATING , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. B
OST, Mr. H ARPER , and Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS . H. Con. Res. 141: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H. Con. Res. 153: Mr. R
USH, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. L EE, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H. Con. Res. 155: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. N
UNES , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. R OSS. H. Res. 28: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H. Res. 591: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H. Res. 750: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 838: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , and Mr. R OUZER . H. Res. 846: Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. B
ASS, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. L EE, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. R
ANGEL . H. Res. 854: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H. Res. 866: Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H. Res. 881: Mr. M
CNERNEY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE7.046 H22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5961 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 2016 No. 144 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, protector of nations in a turbulent world when we know not what a day will bring forward, we look to You, our help in ages past and our hope for the years to come. Today, we ask that You would use our lawmakers as agents of reconcili-ation and justice. May their labors has-ten the day when justice will roll down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream. We thank You, O God, that even dur-ing seasons of challenge and unrest, we have the calm assurance of Your pres-ence. Even in the valley of the shad-ows, we find comfort because You are with us. Lord, forgive us for the many times we have failed to humble ourselves and pray and seek Your face and turn from evil so that You will hear our prayers, forgive our sins, and heal our land. We praise You that the best is yet to come for this great land, and we anticipate Your providence enabling us to be blessed beyond anything we can ask or imagine. We pray in Your wonderful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). The Senator from Pennsyl-vania. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— S. 1831 Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise this morning to speak on S. 1831, the Preventing Animal Cruelty and Tor-ture Act, also known as the PACT Act. This is a bipartisan bill. I thank my colleague Senator BLUMENTHAL for coauthoring this and the 33 cosponsors I have. This is a commonsense bill. This is the first Federal law that would pro-tect all animals from torture, maim-ing, and abuse. The PACT Act allows Federal law enforcement to intervene when this kind of abuse occurs where the Federal Government has jurisdic-tion, on Federal property, in U.S. terri-tories, and in relation to interstate commerce. The act specifically bans the most appalling forms of animal abuse. It is often known as crushing. This is when a deranged individual actually tortures and sometimes sexually assaults house-hold pets for some perverse enjoyment that they get. There are people who are in the business of soliciting animals over the Internet so they can conduct this appalling activity and then sell the images. It is unbelievable, but it happens. This legislation is not controversial. Stopping this kind of obscene animal abuse is not controversial at all. There are no Republicans objecting to this legislation. The next Democratic lead-er on the other side is a cosponsor. Senator S
CHUMER is a cosponsor of this legislation. There are 27 Democratic cosponsors. Over half of the Demo-cratic caucus are cosponsors of this legislation, and a majority of House Members have cosponsored companion legislation. We worked with all of the relevant committees to make sure all concerns were addressed. It has been endorsed by every major animal wel-fare organization, including the Hu-mane Society, the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-mals, and the Animal Welfare Insti-tute. We worked with agricultural and sporting groups. There is no organized opposition to this at all. This legislation is necessary because there are many hundreds, and perhaps thousands, of cases of this kind of hor-rific abuse of animals occurring every year. We have seen appalling cases. I will submit for the record examples that are too appalling to discuss. Frankly, it is just that bad, and we need to bring this to an end. It is also important for me to briefly point out that academic research has found a very strong correlation be-tween people who abuse animals and then subsequently commit violent crimes against human beings. This has been documented by the National Insti-tute of Mental Health. They say that a history of sexually assaulting animals is the single largest risk factor and strongest predictor of increased risk of committing child sexual abuse. A 2013 Northeastern University study found that half of all school shooters had harmed animals before harming humans. It is very clear that if we can stop people from this appalling abuse of animals, we will also be protecting human beings, and that is why law en-forcement agencies endorse my legisla-tion as well. The PACT Act is endorsed by the National Sheriffs’ Association, Fraternal Order of Police, Association of Prosecuting Attorneys, and nearly 200 local law enforcement agencies. As I have said, this is a very simple issue. It is not confusing or com-plicated, and it is not controversial. Animals are not adequately protected across America. Many of our constitu-ents feel very strongly and passion-ately about this issue, as well they should. Passage of this legislation will help protect people as well as animals, and Congress should act on this legisla-tion. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on the Judici-ary be discharged from further consid-eration of S. 1831 and the Senate pro-ceed to its immediate consideration; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.000 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5962 September 22, 2016 
further, that the Toomey substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I reserve my right to object. It is stunning that my friend from Pennsylvania would come to the floor and abandon all the principles we have heard the new Republican majority wants in the Senate. First of all, how about having a hearing? There has not been a hearing on this bill. I would put my support of animals and fighting animal abuse with anyone’s. The Hu-mane Society has supported me every time I have run for office. PETA has supported me, as have all of the animal rights groups. Wouldn’t it be a good idea to follow what the Republican leader said about how we are going to proceed in this new Senate? He said that we were going to have hearings, and they would not bring a bill to the floor unless there has been a hearing. Well, that hasn’t worked out so well. We have recently been out of session for 7 weeks. We had a lot of time to do all kinds of things, but we have done nothing. This has been the longest re-cess since 1956, and with the break that is anticipated by my Republican col-leagues, we will break all records going back to—we don’t even know when. We haven’t been able to determine that. It could go as far back as the Depression or World War I. All of this sadness about not getting something done on this legislation cries for relief—relief for the American people that we start working again. We have not only had months to deal with legislation like this, but we have had more than 6 months to deal with some-thing that is vitally important to America. It is important everywhere in America. It is important in Nevada, Pennsylvania, Kentucky—everyplace. What is that? How about having a full Supreme Court? The man who opened the Senate today, O
RRIN HATCH , the President pro tempore of the U.S. Senate, said pub-licly so everyone could hear that Merrick Garland would be a consensus nomination for the President. We satis-fied his consensus appetite, and we brought forward, through the President of the United States, Merrick Garland on March 16. We waited and waited. Initially no one would even meet with him—no Republican would meet with him. Finally, a few Republicans trick-led into a few meetings, but there was no hearing, and, of course, no vote. We are happy to consider all kinds of legislation, but to pick and choose what they are going to do, leaving vol-umes of work undone here in the Sen-ate, is something that leaves me in-credulous. Before we rush ahead on legislation that has had no hearing, I think it would be a good idea that we have a hearing and a vote on Merrick Garland. If Republican Senators want to vote against Merrick Garland, let them do it, but let’s go through the process. I ask through the Chair whether the Senator from Pennsylvania would be willing to modify his unanimous con-sent request so that following a vote on confirmation of the nomination of a consensus nominee, Merrick Garland, to be a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court so we would have nine members on the Court—nothing too unusual— the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of this legislation, S. 1831. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator modify his request? RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The majority leader is recognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, that was a consent request, was it not? Mr. REID. Yes, it was. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. REID. I object to the initial re-quest. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard to the original request. The Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, let me briefly observe what is going on here. I don’t think it is any mystery to any-one who has been following what is happening here. Mr. REID. Mr. President, if I could direct a question to my friend through the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Senator from Pennsylvania yield? Mr. REID. Mr. President, I came to the floor at his convenience. I am busy, and I am sure he is busy. I came to the floor to be a gentleman, and I allowed him to go first. I have a speech to give. I came here, and I agreed to the Repub-lican leader’s request. I didn’t need to agree. I said I would be willing to do this right now so the Republican leader could give his speech later. I think it is rude, to say the least, for him to give a speech here and prevent me from giv-ing a speech to the Senate. I think that is not being very collegial, and I am disappointed that he would do this. He can go ahead and talk as long as he wants. I will wait. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I be-lieve I have the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I would observe for the record that we have been waiting for about 2 weeks, looking for the opportunity to do this and work with every Member on the other side, and we accommodated the leader’s schedule when he said this was the only time he could do this—this and one other time. I will close by saying this: Look, we all know what is going on here. The Democratic leader stands up and com-plains that we have not been produc-tive and not gotten things done, and then when I propose a unanimous con-sent request on a bipartisan bill that has a majority of Democratic Senators as cosponsors, has been thoroughly vet-ted, and is supported by every outside group, he raises a completely unrelated issue and uses that as the basis to block this noncontroversial legislation. This is exactly what the American people are so frustrated about with this body and some of the leadership in this body when this kind of completely par-tisan-driven agenda blocks progress even on modest and noncontroversial legislation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, just so the record is very clear, I have been asked to come to the floor on two or three different occasions to meet his sched-ule, and I was here; he wasn’t. Make sure the record reflects that. Mr. President, for almost 2 years the Senate has been run by the Repub-licans. The schedule is set by the Re-publicans. I don’t set the schedule any-more. To have my friend, the Senator from Pennsylvania, come here and say: Well, this is really important—I have indi-cated how I feel about animal cruelty. I have spoken out about all kinds of animal cruelty for more than three decades. But I also have some concern, as do the American people, that Sen-ators like my friend from Pennsylvania have helped block a simple hearing and a vote on a man who is a consensus nominee to be a Supreme Court Jus-tice. That is wrong. I am not a big fan of polling, but you could take a poll in your front room, in a mall, or have one of these profes-sionals come in and claim they know what they are doing. Overwhelmingly, it would show that the American peo-ple want a vote on this. The Supreme Court being short one member has stopped work from being done for the good of this country. Im-portant cases that should have been de-termined haven’t been determined. Now they have to go along with what-ever the lower courts say. That is not our system of justice. So I hope everyone understands that it would be extremely fair and impor-tant to have a hearing and a vote on Merrick Garland. I can’t understand the lack of cour-age of my Republican friends such as the Senator from Pennsylvania. If they don’t like Merrick Garland, vote against him, but don’t block him. For the longest time in the history of America, a Supreme Court Justice has been stopped—stopped—from even hav-ing a hearing. It has never happened before—never in the history of this country. I will speak on my subject a little later. I yield the floor. I ask that the Chair announce the business of the day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.002 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5963 September 22, 2016 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 11 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LYNN WESTMORELAND Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, we are reaching that time of year when some of our colleagues will retire, some may be retired without wanting to be re-tired, and we will have new colleagues coming to the Senate and the House next year. I wish to pause for a mo-ment and pay tribute to a great Geor-gian who will be retiring at the end of December and who has served our State for six terms in the U.S. House of Representatives—Mr. L
YNNWESTMORE -
LAND . L
YNNWESTMORELAND is a true entre-preneur, a native Georgian, a dedicated father, an outstanding businessman, and an unquestioned leader in the House of Representatives. As the rank-ing member of the Intelligence Com-mittee in the House, he has been in-strumental since 9/11, seeing to it that we remain safe in this country and that we have the information we need to make decisions we need to make to keep America safe. I go back with L
YNNWESTMORELAND  a long time. I was a realtor in Georgia. I was in the brokerage business for 33 years. I dealt with homebuilders all the time, and one of them was L
YNNWEST-
MORELAND . Early in his career, he founded his own construction company, called L.A.W. Construction. He was an out-standing homebuilder in Fayette Coun-ty, GA, and in our State. He built that business to be one of the best building and construction businesses in our State, and I am proud of what he ac-complished. He is also a guy who gives back. So L
YNN decided to run for public office. He ran for the Georgia House of Rep-resentatives in Fayette County and won. He served 12 years in the Georgia House, rising to Republican leader in the Georgia House of Representatives. He was the leader at the time when, for the first time in history, the Georgia Republican Party went from the mi-nority party to the majority party. Wherever LYNNhas been, he has been a leader and a fighter for what is right for our country and a dynamic leader for our State. L
YNN is married to a beautiful lady named Joan. They have three children and six grandchildren. She has been a great supporter of L
YNN. They have been side by side since they first met at the age of 15 and began their 47-year marriage a few years later. L
YNN will be retiring, and we will miss him. We want to say thank you to L
YNN for all he has done for Georgia when he was in our legislature and for what he has done for America now in the Congress of the United States. He will be sorely missed, but he will be ap-preciated always as a man of courage, a man of conviction, a man of commit-ment, and a true son of Georgia who excelled in the United States of Amer-ica. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
PRESCRIPTION OPIOID AND HER-OIN EPIDEMIC AWARENESS WEEK Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, Presi-dent Obama has issued a proclamation that this week is Prescription Opioid and Heroin Epidemic Awareness Week. As the President explained, we pause to remember all those we have lost to opioid use disorder. We stand with the courageous individuals in recovery, and we recognize the importance of raising awareness of this epidemic. In recogni-tion of Prescription Opioid and Heroin Epidemic Awareness Week, I am here with my colleagues to convey the ur-gency of responding to this crisis. I want to start my remarks with a story I heard yesterday from a wonder-ful man named Patrick Byrne. I met yesterday with Patrick, as he was awarded the 2016 Education Award and Hero of the Year Award by the Na-tional Association of Letter Carriers. Patrick is from Lynn, MA. He lost his son James Byrne to heroin addiction. Here is their story. James Byrne lived a fairly normal life in many ways. The son of Lynn, MA, Branch 7 president and Army vet Patrick Byrne, James had a good up-bringing and strong family ties. He had a master’s degree in computer science and made a good living in IT, but throughout his adult life, James had been hooked on heroin, a drug easily found on Lynn’s post-industrial streets. James had periods of sobriety, but circumstances always seemed to steal them from him eventually. James had enjoyed 7 months clean of drugs when an old friend and fellow ad-dict called him one day in January of 2014 to beg James to find heroin for him. After first refusing, James gave in and bought some for his friend and ap-parently couldn’t resist using it him-self instead. The friend called James on the cell phone over and over as James lay dying of an overdose on the floor of his sister’s house just down the street from his father’s home. That is where Patrick found him. After making his story public, Pat-rick heard from many other letter car-riers about their own struggles with addiction, depression, or mental illness in their families. Patrick said: ‘‘I was shocked at how many people are deal-ing with similar problems.’’ Inspired by Patrick’s experiences and his efforts to educate fellow letter carriers and the broader public about the need to re-move the stigma of addiction, the Post-al Service Employee Assistance Pro-gram launched the Silent No More Ini-tiative. The program is designed to help postal employees or their families break through the stigma and shame to share personal stories. I thank Patrick for his leadership and service, and I pray for his family and for all the parents who are relying on hope and strength as they look for the support to achieve long-term recov-ery. None of us can be silent anymore in the face of this epidemic. In order to get Patrick and all the families who are suffering the help they need when they need it, the Fed-eral Government needs to invest in funding treatment and recovery pro-grams. So far Congress has failed in this task. In Massachusetts, I am hearing enor-mous frustration from people who don’t feel adequate resources are being brought to bear on this epidemic of prescription drugs and heroin addic-tion. Countless individuals and fami-lies suffering with addiction cannot find a bed for detox. Then, when they are at their most vulnerable moment in recovery, they cannot find a place or provider for long-term treatment. In May, Senator S
HAHEEN from New Hampshire introduced legislation for $600 million in emergency funding to combat this crisis. Then again in July, I and others argued on the floor for the need to invest $1.1 billion into opioid treatment and recovery programs, but both times when Senator S
HAHEEN  made the case and others joined on the floor asking for additional funding, all of that was blocked so we could not in fact provide real funding that cities and States need to fight this epidemic. We will not save lives and stop the scourge of addiction with just words and promises. We will not save lives with legislation that pays only lip service to providing treatment. So I stand here during Prescription Opioid and Heroin Epidemic Awareness Week to pledge that I will not stop fighting for funding. In Boston, there is an area of our city called the Methadone Mile. It is ap-proximately 1 square mile. It is the lo-cation of methadone clinics, safety net 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.003 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5964 September 22, 2016 
hospitals, and homeless shelters. It is also the home to those struggling with addiction, those receiving treatment for addiction, and the litany of saints and angels who are providing the des-perately needed services for those suf-fering from mental health and sub-stance abuse disorders. It is a 1-mile, one-stop shop for hope and ground zero in the battle against addiction in Bos-ton. Here, in Washington, we are at the epicenter of the Money Mile. It is an area where Big Pharma’s lobbyists toil with the task of ensuring that even during the storm of prescription drugs, heroin and fentanyl overdose deaths, the deluge for opioid-based painkillers goes unabated. When pitted against the Money Mile, the Methadone Mile doesn’t stand a chance. The Money Mile and its army of Big Pharma lob-byists are the reason mandatory pre-scriber education is not a law. It is the reason partial-fill prescriptions is not a law. It is the reason the Food and Drug Administration and other Federal agencies and State agencies across our country have not done the job over the years and have in fact been complicit in the worsening of this epidemic. Without real funding for opioid ad-diction treatment, the Methadone Mile and all the other areas in cities across this country will continue to drown in overdoses and death. Our cities are fighting a war, and we need to help them. With that, I will yield the floor to the Senator from Minnesota, A
MYKLOBUCHAR , who has worked tirelessly to stem the over-supply of prescription opioid drugs in this country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Thank you very much, and I thank Senator M
ARKEY for the work he has done and his pas-sionate words as well as his under-standing of the crisis this truly is. I think one of the ways I can explain it in my State is, every day you turn on the news and you hear about car crashes and you hear about when there is a murder. Well, in the heart of my State, deaths from prescription drug abuse now claim the lives of more Min-nesotans than homicides or car crash-es. It is a crisis on the rise. According to the department of health in our State, drug overdose deaths among Minnesotans increased 11 percent from 2014 to 2015. Last year alone, 336 people in our State died from overdoses. The Twin Cities has been hit hard by this deadly trend. In Hennepin County, data shows that opioid-related deaths have increased 40 percent since 2006. But we know this is not a crisis confined to our urban areas. I see Senator S
HAHEEN from New Hampshire is here. This is something that has hit hard in her State in rural areas, just like in mine. In one 7,000-person town in Min-nesota, 3 young people died in just 6 months. Another three were hospital-ized for heroin overdoses. We know, by the way, that heroin overdose is no longer separate from prescription drugs. In fact, four out of five heroin users got their start on prescription drugs. They got addicted because some-one gave them to them, or they got them out of a medicine cabinet or they went to the emergency room and were given 30 pills and got addicted, or maybe they just went to the dentist to get a wisdom tooth fixed. These are real stories that are hap-pening all over the country. I was in Montevideo, MN—a smaller town—with some doctors. One of them started to cry at this event, telling the story about how a guy had seen him for back pain over and over and over. The next thing he knew, the Secret Service was in his office telling him that this per-son had gotten completely addicted and was making threats over the Inter-net on the lives of elected officials and ended up in prison. He had no idea. At that same forum, I heard the story of a 12-year-old who was courted by a pusher—a 12-year-old. They came up to him and said: Hey, could you go check your parent’s medicine cabinet? They gave him a list of drugs and sent him off. They said: If you come back with those bottles of pills, we will give you a can of beer. That is what is hap-pening in smalltown America. We passed a bill, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. I was proud of the bipartisan work. I was one of the four lead sponsors on that bill. It builds on some of the work we have done to set up a framework. Senator CORNYN and I passed one of the first bills in this area, the drug take-back bill, which allows for drug take-backs in a way that we are now starting to see across the Nation. We were already seeing them, of course, in police de-partments and public facilities, but this makes it easier for drugstores and pharmacies to take back drugs. Walgreens has announced they are going to be doing this on a national basis. It also makes it easier for long- term care facilities. Those things are beginning, but we can’t end there, not when on one recent National Prescription Drug Take Back Day back in April, over 445 tons of un-used drugs were collected. That is 1 day in this country, to give a sense of how many are out there. In the CARA bill, we made it easier to do drug take- backs. We also increased the availability of naloxone, although I will say on a side-line, Senator M
ARKEY , one problem with this is the price of naloxone has gone up 1,000 percent by the pharma-ceutical company that provides it. So that is another issue we are going to have to deal with. That is, of course, for another day. But I will say that naloxone is something we know can save lives. For me, the heart of this is trying to go after these prescription drugs at the start, to try to stop people from be-coming addicted. I will get to the treatment part in a moment, but we need to stop the addiction in the first place. Just this month, one Minnesota newspaper told the story of a man in Duluth who got prescriptions for opioid painkillers from 23 dentists and 15 emergency room physicians in just over 2 years. Back in May, in Moorhead, I heard the story of another man—this was from a rehab counselor. This guy had filled 108 prescriptions for painkillers from more than 85 different prescribers in Minnesota and in neighboring States. The Presiding Officer is my neighbor in South Dakota. We see people who go to South Dakota, North Dakota, Min-nesota, Iowa, and Wisconsin in search of different doctors whom they can ba-sically dupe into giving them prescrip-tions because they are addicts. That should not be happening. Doctors should not be giving out these prescrip-tions. That is why I have introduced a new bill that would require doctors and pharmacies to immediately report when they give out these prescriptions and require physicians to check this list. Many States have these programs in place—prescription drug monitoring programs—but they are voluntary. Not everyone does them. Some States, such as Florida, don’t even share their data with the rest of the country. I truly be-lieve the doctors and pharmacists on the frontlines—if they check these, we are going to stop people from getting addicted and get them into treatment the way we should. That leads me to the next piece, which is treatment itself. I have had many people tell me that they are bet-ter off committing a felony to get treatment. Why is that? Well, a lot of States, like mine, have good drug courts, and if you can get into the right program in the drug court, you are going to get treatment and fol-lowup and you are going to get the help you need. But a lot of insurance poli-cies are not covering it. There is not treatment available. That is why I sup-port Senator MANCHIN , and I am an original cosponsor of the LifeBOAT Act, which basically places a 1-cent fee on each milligram of active opioid in-gredient in a prescription pain pill. That is one good way to pay for treat-ment, as well as, of course, Senator S
HAHEEN ’s strong bill that appropriates emergency funding to address the drug abuse epidemic with treatment. We have to remember that only 1 in 10 people who suffer from opioid addic-tion actually receives the treatment they need. My State is a big believer in treat-ment. We use treatment a lot for low- level offenses. We use drug courts a lot. It is one of the reasons we have been able to keep our crime rate at a decent level compared to a lot of other States. That does not mean there is not hor-rific crime, but we have really focused on treatment. In my own life, my dad is an alco-holic. He is sober now and happily mar-ried at age 88. He stopped drinking a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.004 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5965 September 22, 2016 
while back, but he would not have done it without treatment. And that was after three DWIs and a lot of difficulty, but he got through it. From seeing that, seeing my dad climb the highest mountain but fall to the lowest val-leys, I believe there is redemption and there is hope. But I don’t think that treatment should be limited to just the people who have good insurance or can afford it. We in this country have created this crisis. Let’s be clear. Decisions were made at pharmaceutical companies and everywhere across the country to ex-pand the use of opioids, to tell people they can take 30 pills when maybe they need 1 or none or maybe 2 or 3. These are bad decisions. They were made, and people were duped and they got ad-dicted. The least we can do is give them the treatment so they can get off of it, and then make sure their kids don’t get addicted as well. This is a serious epidemic, and it calls for serious action as well as fund-ing. I say thank you, to Senator M
ARKEY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Minnesota. Many have already heard these sta-tistics: Our Nation is experiencing more deaths from drug overdoses than from gun violence or auto accidents. Nearly 30,000 people in the United States died from an opioid overdose in 2015. Approximately 1,300 of those were in Massachusetts. Fentanyl, the drug that killed the musician Prince from the State of the Senator from Minnesota, is flowing in from China and Mexico and is laying waste to our communities. It is 50 times more powerful than heroin and 100 times more potent than morphine. Approximately 2.5 million Americans abused or were dependent on opioids in 2012, but fewer than 1 million received treatment for their condition. If we do not provide the resources and enact the policies required to change the momentum of this epi-demic, we are poised to lose future gen-erations to addiction and death. We need the money for treatment. With that, I would like to yield the floor to my good friend and great Sen-ator from New Hampshire, who has led the fight here on the Senate floor for funding for opioid use disorder treat-ment and recovery, Mrs. J
EANNE SHA-
HEEN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Massachu-setts, who has seen the same tragedy we are seeing in New Hampshire. I am sad to have to come to the floor again today to join my colleagues, Senator M
ARKEY and Senator K LOBUCHAR , who have spoken so passionately about our need to address the ongoing heroin and opioid crisis. Like them and many others, I have been coming to the floor for many months to describe the terrible toll this crisis is taking on communities across the country. I know the Pre-siding Officer must see it in his home State because it is happening all across America. It is ironic that we are here during Prescription Opioid and Heroin Epi-demic Awareness Week to once again call on this Congress and the Senate to pass emergency funding to address what is the most pervasive, most de-structive, and, I believe, most urgent public health crisis that faces this Na-tion. I certainly don’t want to minimize the gravity of the other health chal-lenges we are facing in America, espe-cially the Zika outbreak, which I be-lieve is absolutely critical, but by any objective measure, these challenges are dwarfed by the destruction and loss of life that is being inflicted every day by the uncontrolled epidemic of heroin and opioid abuse. This epidemic is rag-ing in all 50 States. It is an uncon-trolled public health epidemic of stag-gering dimensions. In 2014, some 47,000 people died from drug overdoses—far more than the number of Americans who died in motor vehicle accidents the same year. I am sad to say that New Hampshire is at the epicenter of this epidemic be-cause we have the highest percentage of overdose deaths in the Nation. This year, at the rate we are seeing overdose fatalities, we will lose over 500 people in New Hampshire, a State of about 1.3 million. Estimates are that over 100,000 people in New Hampshire have some sort of substance abuse/misuse issue. The statistics don’t even begin to de-scribe the heartbreak and the trauma that is experienced by those who have drug misuse issues and their families. Yet, despite this appalling death toll, despite what the statistics tell us, the Senate has failed to provide emergency funding to first responders and to treatment providers on the frontlines of this crisis. In July, Congress passed the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, CARA. I applaud Senator KLO-
BUCHAR and the other sponsors of that legislation. It is a good, bipartisan bill that passed this Chamber with over-whelming support. I was a cosponsor, and I voted for it. But, as we all know very well, CARA is an authorizing bill, it is not an appropriations bill. The public may not know that because I think there is a lot of confusion about the difference between authorizing and appropriating, but the fact is, we know here in this Chamber that CARA is an authorizing bill and it does not provide one penny to fight the opioid epidemic. We need to fund CARA. That is prob-ably not going to happen this year and may not happen for several years. We need to put actual resources behind all of our talk about stemming this crisis. Earlier this year, I introduced emer-gency funding that would provide an additional $600 million for policing, prevention, treatment, and recovery. I offered this legislation as an amend-ment to the CARA bill but sadly it was defeated. The legislation looks at all of those aspects: prevention, treatment, recov-ery, and policing because I believe there isn’t one magic bullet solution for this issue. We definitely need more treatment. We need to acknowledge that addiction is a disease. That is a critical part of it, but we also need to do the policing— the long-term recovery. I was at a re-covery center in New Hampshire sev-eral weeks ago, and one of the women I met there who was in recovery said: You know, getting clean was easy. It is staying clean that is the hard part. Our Nation has addressed our public health crises with emergency funding bills far larger than the one I proposed. In 2014, Congress passed nearly $5.4 bil-lion—billion with a ‘‘b’’—in emergency funding to combat the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. The Ebola outbreak killed one person in America. The her-oin and opioid epidemic is killing more than 128 Americans every single day. We know treatment is the only effec-tive answer to addiction, but people are being turned away from treatment due to lack of resources. Nationwide, in 2013, nearly 9 out of 10 people needing drug treatment did not receive it. It is the same story on the law enforcement side of the equation, a chronic lack of resources. As Senator KLOBUCHAR pointed out, and as my colleagues from Vermont— who just came to the floor—and Massa-chusetts understand very clearly, her-oin traffickers expressly target rural States and counties where law enforce-ment is spread too thin and lacks the resources to respond effectively. Meanwhile, as Congress fails to act, the opioid epidemic is on the verge of expanding dramatically. Carfentanil is a synthetic opioid that is used to tran-quilize elephants. It is now available on the streets, blamed for a record surge of drug overdoses in the Midwest. Carfentanil is 100 times more potent than fentanyl, which, in turn, can be up to 50 times more deadly than her-oin. It is one of the synthetic additives to heroin that is causing so many over-dose deaths in New Hampshire. Until recently, Hamilton County, OH, had four to five overdoses a day. Now, be-cause of carfentanil, the county is re-porting 20 overdoses, 30 overdoses, and sometimes even 50 overdoses a day, completely overwhelming first re-sponders. Some public health officials say the United States has reached a disastrous inflection point in the opioid epidemic. Going forward, we may be seeing more and more synthetic opioids on the mar-ket—cheaper, more potent, more ad-dictive, and even more deadly. This is just one more wake-up call. As I travel across New Hampshire and talk to Senate colleagues from across the country, again and again I hear about the lack of resources to marshal an effective, well-coordinated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.005 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5966 September 22, 2016 
response. As new and more dangerous opioids hit the streets, this crisis could become exponentially worse. Our fail-ure to act is having tragic con-sequences. At long last, let’s give law enforce-ment, let’s give treatment providers, and let’s give recovery centers the re-sources they so desperately need. At long last, let’s come together. Let’s pass an emergency funding bill to com-bat the opioid epidemic. If we can spend billions to fight Ebola on a dis-tant continent, surely we can allocate $600 million to combat a raging epi-demic right here at home. When the Senate comes back into session after the election, we will have another opportunity to consider emer-gency funding to combat this crisis. For tens of thousands of Americans, this is very literally a matter of life and death. Let’s put politics aside. Let’s do the job the American people sent us to do. At long last, let’s give law enforcement and treatment providers on the frontlines the resources they need to effectively address the opioid crisis. Thank you to my colleagues from Massachusetts and Minnesota for com-ing to the floor to once again point out the need we so desperately have. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I believe we had arranged for Senator G
RASSLEY  and me to speak at this point. I see my distinguished colleague on the floor. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I have about 8 minutes or 9 minutes of remarks, but I don’t see the Senator from Iowa yet. If the Senator from Vermont wishes to speak—— Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, he want-ed me to speak, and then he was going to speak. If I might continue, this will be fairly brief. 
f 
EB–5 REGIONAL CENTER PROGRAM Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the rea-son I have come to the floor today— and I will be joined by Senator G
RASS -
LEY—is to share my concern and his concern about the EB–5 Regional Cen-ter Program. The authorization of this program is set to expire at the end of the month, but Senate leadership wants to extend the EB–5 Program as part of the continuing resolution. I want the Senators to know that if this flawed program is not reformed, I be-lieve it should end. I can no longer sup-port a straight extension of the pro-gram. For years, I strongly supported the EB–5 Program. I even championed its reauthorization. I did so because EB–5 was designed to bring in investment and jobs to underserved rural and urban communities. For some time, that is what it did. In my home State of Vermont, communities such as War-ren and Vergennes used EB–5 to create and save jobs during difficult economic times. They are EB–5 success stories, but that was the EB–5 yesterday. The EB–5 Program today is mired in fraud and abuse. It has strayed from its im-portant policy goals. The incentives Congress created to direct investment to underserved areas—the very reason I supported this program—have been rendered meaningless. The program has become an unin-tended boon for the wealthiest business districts in the country. Affluent areas now dominate the program. They ex-ploit incentives that were intended for underserved areas, a practice Depart-ment of Homeland Security Secretary Johnson has rightly described as gerry-mandering. It has reached the point where a luxury hotel in Beverly Hills, CA, qualifies as a distressed urban area. Only in the world of EB–5 is Bev-erly Hills considered economically dis-tressed. This type of abuse today is not the exception, it is the rule. Currently, 90 percent of EB–5 capital goes to areas that rely on gerrymandering to qualify as distressed—90 percent. That is why the civil rights community, led by the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, has so strongly criti-cized this program. Far from being a tool for economic development and job creation, EB–5 is now serving as a corporate subsidy for wealthy developers, allowing them to save tens of millions of dollars in fi-nancing. It is no wonder these devel-opers fight so hard against reforms that would restore incentives for EB–5 to do what it was supposed to do when it began—promote investment in rural and poor urban areas. I am not suggesting that affluent areas should never qualify, I am merely suggesting they should not qualify for the unique incentives that Congress in-tended for underserved communities because these underserved commu-nities have far more trouble attracting capital to create jobs. Unfortunately, gerrymandering and abused incentives are only part of the problem. In recent years, EB–5 has be-come riddled with fraud. Review after review—conducted by the GAO, the In-spector General, and by Senator G
RASSLEY and me on the Judiciary Committee—have revealed serious vul-nerabilities in the program. Investors have been defrauded. They have lost money and their immigration benefits have been put in jeopardy. Communities that once hoped to ben-efit from this program have been left to pick up the pieces. From California to Florida, and from Texas to even my home State of Vermont, allegations of fraud have stained this program. Since 2013, the Securities and Exchange Com-mission has filed dozens of EB–5-re-lated enforcement actions. As of last year, over 50 more Federal investiga-tions were ongoing. Fraud will con-tinue unabated until we give the De-partment of Homeland Security the tools it needs to guard against abuse. We have an obligation in Congress to ensure that Federal agencies can do their job. The Department of Homeland Security has made some administra-tive improvements to EB–5, but Sec-retary Johnson has made it clear to both me and Senator GRASSLEY that congressional action is necessary. For 5 years, I worked with both Democrats and Republicans to reform EB–5. In 2013, I included EB–5 reforms in the Senate-passed comprehensive immigration reform. That received a bipartisan vote of 68 votes in the Sen-ate, but the House of Representatives failed to allow a vote on those reforms. Since then, I have continued to work with Senator G
RASSLEY to review and reform the EB–5 Program. Last year, he and I negotiated far- reaching reforms with our counterparts in the House Judiciary Committee. Senator G
RASSLEY and I pushed to have that four corners agreement included in the omnibus appropriations bill at the end of last year. But big city devel-opers still viewed our reforms as a threat to their bottom line, and they have worked aggressively to block our efforts. Unfortunately, leaders in Congress sided with the developers and extended the EB–5 Program without reform. Senator G
RASSLEY and I are not going to relent in our efforts to reform this program. I see the distinguished Senator from Iowa on the floor. He will be speaking on this, but I would note that at the very beginning of the new year, we worked together to continue a series of public hearings to keep pushing for re-form. We are united in our belief that it is unacceptable that Congress has failed to respond to an overwhelming consensus for reform. A full revamping of the program is required. A Band-Aid is not good enough. Powerful corporate interests must not be allowed to derail improvements that can guard against fraud, protect investors, and also help our most distressed communities. The powerful developers want only ‘‘window dressing’’ reform proposals that do little to change the status quo. We cannot accept so-called reforms that the SEC believes would, in fact, leave holes in enforcement efforts. Senator G
RASSLEY and I, along with our counterparts in both parties in the House Judiciary Committee, have put forward meaningful reforms. These re-forms were developed in consultation with the Department of Homeland Se-curity and the SEC. They are tailored to prevent the rampant fraud we are seeing today. They are necessary to save EB–5 from itself. As the American people learn more about how the EB–5 Program is being abused, the louder the calls will be for its reform or even its termination. I be-lieve we could still fix EB–5, but I can-not support simply extending it yet again. I do not come to this decision lightly, but I cannot support a con-tinuing resolution that leaves these flaws in place. The time has come, ei-ther reform EB–5 or get rid of it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.007 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5967 September 22, 2016 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I rise to fully support everything Senator L
EAHY has said. I have my own re-marks on the same subject. When Senator L
EAHY and I are done— and I may be the end of that—if Sen-ator L
EAHY wants to speak, I ask unan-imous consent to speak for 60 seconds on another item. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, in 1990, Congress created the EB–5 visa, which was intended to create new em-ployment for U.S. workers and to in-fuse new capital into the country. Two years later, Congress revised the EB–5 category by establishing a pilot pro-gram allowing investors to use regional centers to pool their investments. This pilot program still exists, nearly 25 years later, but it is deeply flawed, lacks adequate oversight, and has veered far away from congressional in-tent. The Regional Center Program expires on September 30 of this year. In my view, it is in need of a major overhaul if it is going to be reauthorized. I have said that repeatedly on the Senate floor, in hearings, and in letters to Senate leadership. Despite the need for reform, the fis-cal year 2016 Omnibus appropriations bill included a straight and clean ex-tension of the program. This was a dis-appointment given the alarm bells and the whistleblower allegations. It was a missed opportunity. It is my hope that both House and Senate leaders will find a way to include reforms in a con-tinuing resolution or simply leave it off the table for a later date. The Senate Judiciary Committee held two hearings this year on the pro-gram. We discussed the flaws and cor-ruption. We noted the many vulnerabil-ities. We had stakeholders weigh in. We heard from local leaders, associations representing workers and regional cen-ters. We listened to academics and gov-ernment officials. We received feed-back from all types of industries, as well as immigration and securities at-torneys. We talked to other Senate of-fices and committees. We have outlined the problems. Allow me to mention a few of them. Under the EB–5 Regional Center Pro-gram: Investments can be spent before business plans are approved. Regional center operators can charge excessive fees of foreign nationals in addition to their required investments. Jobs cre-ated are not ‘‘direct’’ or verifiable jobs but rather are ‘‘indirect’’ and based on estimates and economic modeling. All jobs created by a project are counted by the foreign national when obtaining a green card, even if EB–5 money is only a fraction of the total invested. Investment funds are not adequately vetted. Gifts and loans are acceptable sources of funds from foreign nationals. The investment level has been stag-nant for nearly 25 years. There is no prohibition against foreign govern-ments owning or operating regional centers or projects. Regional centers can be rented or sold without government oversight or approval. Regional centers don’t have to certify they comply with securities laws. There is no oversight of pro-moters who work overseas for the re-gional centers. There is no set of sanc-tions for violations, no recourse for bad actors. There are no required back-ground checks on anyone associated with a regional center. Regional cen-ters draw targeted employment area boundaries around poor areas in order to come in at a lower investment level, yet the jobs created are not actually created in those areas, and the projects aren’t actually in those areas. Every targeted employment area designation is rubberstamped by the agency. Adju-dicators are pressured to get to a yes, especially for those politically con-nected. Visas are not properly scruti-nized. They have been approved despite national security warnings. Files and applications lack basic and necessary information to monitor compliance. The agency does not do site visits for each and every project. There is no transparency on how funds are spent, who is paid, and what investors are told about the projects they invest in. Then there are the national security problems. Our committee has received numerous briefings and classified docu-ments to show this side of the story. The enforcement arm of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security wrote an internal memo that raises significant concerns about the program. There was an interagency working group that re-viewed fraud and other national secu-rity vulnerabilities in 2010. Members of the working group made recommenda-tions to reform the program, including the recommendation to sunset the re-gional center model due to crippling fraud and national security vulnerabil-ities. Not all of these recommendations were communicated to Congress. This week, Chairman C
HAFFETZ , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , and I sent a letter to the Direc-tor of the agency in charge and asked for documents relating to this working group. I also sent a letter to Secretary Johnson, calling on him to investigate the policies and guidance that permit foreign ownership of an EB–5 regional center. It is obvious that foreign cor-porations and foreign governments are increasingly taking advantage of the Regional Center Program to establish ownership in U.S.-based real estate projects. I am concerned that this may allow foreign corporations and foreign governments to profit from marketing U.S. green cards to their citizens in re-turn for investment and ownership in EB–5 real estate projects. I asked for a top-to-bottom review to ensure that U.S. interests are protected in the EB– 5 program. The Securities and Exchange Com-mission has brought over a dozen suits against regional centers and operators. U.S. investors and foreign nationals are being duped and left high and dry. Just this week another individual was indicted for devising a scheme to de-fraud and obtain money and property from investors. This person was able to take in millions of dollars from foreign investors and use the money for his personal gain. I have seen it time and again. But, under current law, such in-dividuals are not banned from the pro-gram in the future. Aside from the vulnerabilities, the benefits of the program are question-able. Even the Government Account-ability Office says it is hard to ascer-tain the economic benefits. Most of the visas are going to urban and affluent areas at a discounted rate when Congress specifically intended to steer some visas to rural and high un-employment areas. Census tracts are stitched together to incorporate re-mote public housing developments so that highrises, hotels, casinos and re-sorts can attract investors for less than the statutory $1 million require-ment. The Judiciary Committee held a hearing on this specific issue. Though Congress intended for most EB–5 in-vestments to be made at the $1 million level, nearly all are made at the $500,000 level because of gerry-mandering. That is just not right. Ger-rymandering allows very affluent areas to benefit from the lower investment threshold, resulting in little incentive to invest EB–5 funds in distressed or rural areas, as was envisioned by Sen-ators when it was created. The senior Senator from New York says we don’t know how cities work. He doesn’t think projects should or could be built in the Bronx. He says they will commute and work on 5th Avenue where luxury condos are being built. Those in New York jump over rivers and go through Central Park just to connect to low-income neighborhoods. As a result, smaller and economically depressed cities are forced to compete with Beverly Hills, Miami, and Man-hattan. Foreign investors—who ulti-mately want a green card—want to put their money in glitzy hotels and luxu-rious condo projects where there is a higher return. Targeted employment areas are at the heart of the controversy about EB– 5 and are the principal reason we were unable to pass commonsense reforms last year. Yet we proposed a lot of good reforms. For example, the Grassley- Leahy-Conyers-Goodlatte proposal, for the first time, incentivized EB–5 in-vestment in manufacturing and infra-structure projects. Manufacturing employers create di-rect, long-term, quality jobs in their communities. As for infrastructure, we have lots of needs in the Midwest, in-cluding rail and river transportation, wastewater treatment plants, and bridges. More EB–5 capital in infra-structure projects would reduce the burden on taxpayers, especially when local governments are up against Fed-eral mandates. We also proposed reallocating the visas—carving out enough for rural and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 22, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.008 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5968 September 22, 2016 
high unemployment areas but leaving more than half of the visas for projects that come in at the higher investment level. We even offered to give affluent areas their own carve-out. Yet one pro-posal suggested to us was to make the visas cheaper. They want to reduce the amount an investor has to pay for a green card. They also want more visas. The demand for visas is through the roof, yet they want to reduce the price. My colleagues and I have been will-ing to engage with other Members on this issue. We have made so many con-cessions. I am not sure how much more we can give, especially when there are increasing calls to end the program. The status quo is not acceptable. It is time for things to change. I encourage my colleagues to join the ranking member and me in our request for reforms. I hope this body will think twice before allowing the program to continue as is. 
f 
TRANSPARENCY AND GOVERNMENT OVERSIGHT Mr. GRASSLEY. Now, Mr. President, I would like to use that additional 60 seconds. Another issue I want to raise with Senate leadership is transparency and our responsibility of government over-sight. Last week, I spoke about the danger of allowing agencies to improperly use the Office of Senate Security to keep information secret even when it is un-classified. I said that if we let the FBI get away with hiding the Clinton investigation documents from the public, then other agencies would abuse the system to un-dermine transparency and oversight. That is exactly what is happening. The State, Treasury, and Justice De-partments are trying the same trick to hide documents about the Obama ad-ministration’s transfer of billions of dollars to Iran for hostages. These unclassified documents re-quested by the Judiciary Committee are being locked away in the basement of the Capitol. They are being treated as if they are classified, but they are not. The Committee was not consulted and did not agree to these burdensome and unnecessary document controls. With the Clinton investigation docu-ments, the FBI improperly mixed clas-sified and unclassified documents to-gether in order to keep the unclassified documents secret. But, this time every paragraph and every page of the Iran hostage payment documents is 100 per-cent unclassified. So why send it to Senate Security? Why keep it locked away from the pub-lic and congressional oversight? Why would the Senate participate in this scheme to undermine transparency? If the Senate, as an institution, wants to take its oversight responsi-bility seriously, we should not be help-ing the executive branch hide embar-rassing information from the American people. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. RUBIO). The Senator’s time has expired. Mr. GRASSLEY. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Morning business is closed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 5325, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 516, H.R. 5325, a bill making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All postcloture time has expired. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5082 (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a substitute amendment at the desk that I ask the clerk to report. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. C OCHRAN , proposes an amend-ment numbered 5082. 
Mr. McCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. AMENDMENT NO . 5083 TO AMENDMENT NO . 5082 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have an amendment that is at the desk that I ask the clerk to report. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 5083 to amendment No. 5082. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following: This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5084 TO AMENDMENT NO . 5083 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the amendment. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 5084 to amendment No. 5083. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5085 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have an amendment to the text pro-posed to be stricken. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 5085 to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 5082. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following: This Act shall take effect 3 days after the date of enactment. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5086 TO AMENDMENT NO . 5085 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 5086 to amendment No. 5085. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.009 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5969 September 22, 2016 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’. 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITH AMENDMENT NO . 5087 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a motion to commit H.R. 5325 with instructions, which is at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to commit the bill to the Ap-propriations Committee with instructions to report back forthwith with an amendment numbered 5087. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following: This Act shall take effect 5 days after the date of enactment. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on that motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5088 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have an amendment to the instructions at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 5088 to the instructions of the motion to commit H.R. 5325. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘5’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on that amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5089 TO AMENDMENT NO . 5088 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 5089 to amendment No. 5088. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘6’’ and insert ‘‘7’’. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a cloture motion at the desk for the substitute amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 5082 to H.R. 5325, an act making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Mike Rounds, Thad Cochran, John Cornyn, Daniel Coats, Roger F. Wicker, Thom Tillis, John Barrasso, Lamar Alexander, John Hoeven, Pat Roberts, Orrin G. Hatch, Susan M. Collins, Lisa Murkowski, Steve Daines, Tom Cotton. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a cloture motion at the desk for the underlying bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on H.R. 5325, an act making appropriations for the Legis-lative Branch for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Mike Rounds, Thad Cochran, John Cornyn, Daniel Coats, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, John Barrasso, Lamar Alexander, John Hoeven, Pat Roberts, Orrin G. Hatch, Susan M. Collins, Lisa Murkowski, Steve Daines, Tom Cotton. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls under rule XXII be waived for these cloture motions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, there have been broad requests for a clean continuing resolution. So that is what I have just offered. It is a result of many hours of bipartisan work on both sides of the aisle. It is a fair pro-posal. It funds all current government operations through December 9, while also providing funding for the new leg-islation we have just passed over-whelmingly and that the President has signed. That is legislation to address the heroin and prescription opioid epi-demic as well as the TSCA bill. It contains a sufficient downpayment on flood relief for many States, includ-ing Maryland, West Virginia, and Lou-isiana, and, of course, it includes im-portant resources to support our vet-erans and combat Zika. These are re-sources needed to help develop a vac-cine and promote mosquito control. Members will have the next 4 days to review before any votes are taken in relation to the issue. Further, we ex-pect the President to either sign or send up the veto message on JASTA by tomorrow. Beginning the process on the clean CR today will ensure that there is adequate time to finish before the override vote and before the cur-rent government funding runs out next week. Then we can turn to the veto override. I look forward to continuing with bi-partisan cooperation so we can com-plete our important work on Zika, vet-erans funding, and the clean CR that will fund the government through De-cember 9. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise as the ranking member on the Appro-priations Committee. I want to say to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that over the past few weeks, we Demo-crats have negotiated with the Repub-licans to come up with a responsible continuing funding resolution that keeps the government open through December 9, giving Congress time to complete an appropriations process. Our goal was to respond to compel-ling urgent needs: Zika, Flint, floods in Louisiana, and also our national secu-rity as well as those things that are important to the economy of the United States of America. We wanted to be sure it did not include any poison pill riders but did contain the con-tinuing funding for veterans and mili-tary construction. Our negotiations have been cordial and productive. I compliment the other side of the aisle on their professionalism and on their civility. We are now down to a handful of issues, but they are down to the real issues. The majority leader has filed a Republican-only bill with a substitute that has now been placed before the Senate today. We Democrats cannot vote for that substitute and urge oth-ers to vote against it. We want to be sure we avoid a gov-ernment shutdown and a government showdown and continue the construc-tive talks that we have had, but the substitute offered by the Republican majority leader falls short. What is wrong with the bill before us? One, it fails to help the people of Flint, MI; 100,000 people in Flint, MI, are still waiting for their water to be clean and safe; 9,000 children have al-ready had lead exposure that can cause permanent and irreversible damage. It tells Michigan to keep waiting in line. We know the people of Louisiana have been hit by terrible floods. We don’t want to just give lip service in re-sponse to their needs but Louisiana is not the only ‘‘need’’ in America. We be-lieve the people of Flint, MI—the peo-ple of Flint who have been waiting for more than 1 year—should be included in this continuing resolution. I want to be clear. We do want to help the people of Louisiana, but we also want to help the people of Flint. The other side of the aisle says Flint can be handled 2 months from now with a bill called WRDA—the water re-sources development bill. The House has made no commitment to help Flint in that bill. They haven’t even brought WRDA to the floor for action. The people of Flint need help now. They actually needed help 9 months ago. Remember, they are in a jackpot because of flawed budget cuts and our failure to enact a comprehensive infra-structure bill where cities like Flint, Baltimore, and so on could do some-thing about their aging water infra-structure and at the same time create American jobs in our own urban com-munities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.015 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5970 September 22, 2016 
The Senate passed Flint funding on the WRDA bill 95 to 3 last week. So why wait? It is paid for. We have a framework for proceeding. Let’s just do it. Also, while Democrats continue to fight for Flint, we will not stand by on partisan policy riders such as the SEC political disclosure to a 10-week con-tinuing funding resolution. I know the 135,000 Marylanders who work for the Federal Government want to stay on the job. I want them to know we are working very hard to keep the government open and to avoid a shutdown or a slamdown. We need to make sure we help our veterans. We need to make sure we have the funds to fight Zika and the terrible challenge of children being born with the most hor-rific and lifelong—as short as their lit-tle lives might be—permanent handi-caps, and we want to help Flint. Most of all, we know that in a trillion-dollar budget that funds both domestic and military, we have a framework to move ahead. Very serious work has been done on national security: the funding of the Department of Defense, the funding of other agencies that contribute to our national security, whether it is the State Department and diplomatic ef-forts, whether it is Homeland Security. Didn’t they do a good job responding last weekend to the challenges in New York? In every community we face these. At the same time, when you look at the Labor-HHS, an agency such as the National Institutes of Health, we want them to keep the lights on so they can keep the light of hope going on to make sure we find cures for disease. We will say more about this. We appreciate the majority leader for continuing conversation with us. We are a work in progress. Let’s get back to work. Let’s continue to make progress. We have taken steps forward. Let’s not take steps sideways or take steps backward. Let’s continue making progress. Let’s get rid of the poison pill riders. Let’s come to an agreement on how we can help Louisiana and help Flint and resolve some of these other issues. Mr. President, we look forward to more conversation, more constructive conversation, and our side of the aisle stands ready to engage in those con-versations and negotiations. I urge my colleagues to be on standby and to wish us well so we keep doing the job we were elected to do. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUPPORTING OUR NATION ’S LAW ENFORCEMENT  
OFFICERS  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, today I want to talk about the brave men and women who put their lives on the line each day to keep us safe—law enforce-ment officers. Last month I spent much of my time meeting with various law enforcement agencies across Ar-kansas. In the wake of the shooting in Dallas and other violence against po-lice officers, I wanted Arkansas’ law enforcement officers to know that I support them and that Arkansans sup-port them. I wanted to learn a little more about what life looks like from their perspective. From the North Little Rock Police Department, to the Prosecuting Attor-neys Association, to the Federal prison in Forrest City, to the Arkansas Sher-iffs’ Association in Northwest Arkan-sas—each of these meetings left me confident in our State’s law enforce-ment officers and provided me with valuable insight into the law enforce-ment community. Police officers in Arkansas and across the country have a difficult job, one that is unlike any other career. In the Army, my soldiers and I fought overseas to keep our country safe, but at the end of our tours, we went home, and many of us transitioned to other safer jobs. But for law enforcement of-ficers, there is no end to the tour. They put their lives on the line every single day to keep us safe. We owe them a debt of gratitude, and we ought to find ways to support our officers more and ensure that their communities and the country as a whole have a better un-derstanding of their hard work and sac-rifice. Each of the law enforcement groups I met had a similar message: Law en-forcement officers need support, co-operation, and assistance. They need support from their communities and their leadership at every level—local, State, and Federal. They need to know that we are on their side, and in the face of controversy, they need to know they have leaders who will be a steady hand. Given the controversy surrounding law enforcement recently, it is easy to take a different view, but most officers, like most soldiers with whom I served in the Army, are committed to uphold-ing the discipline and integrity of their force. They want those who violate pol-icy and especially the law to be held accountable, but they also want those decisions made in a factual, unbiased way. To keep us safe, law enforcement of-ficers also need the cooperation and as-sistance of those they are sworn to pro-tect. They know this will help them not only to investigate and punish crime but also, and more importantly, to stop crime before it happens. They have a constant and regular presence which serves not only to deter the criminal element but also to reassure and gain the support of the vast major-ity of law-abiding Arkansans who are going to provide the tips or help smooth the waters in moments of ten-sion. So how do we achieve these things? I believe there are a few simple steps. First, take a moment to recognize our law enforcement officers and the vital work they do. So many officers com-mented to me how thankful they were to see yard signs announcing support for the police or when someone picked up their lunch or just said a simple thank you. Law enforcement is a tough job and it can be a little strange. Officers dedi-cate their lives to protecting law-abid-ing citizens, who are the vast majority of all Americans. Yet they have to spend much of their time around the tiny minority and the criminal ele-ment to protect those law-abiding citi-zens. Therefore, it means a lot when they hear from you. Second, law enforcement agencies ought to continue their outreach ef-forts to the communities they serve. On a visit to the Jonesboro Police De-partment, Chief Rick Elliot told me: ‘‘It all gets back to community rela-tions and outreach.’’ I was struck by how many of our police officers in Ar-kansas work to become integral parts of their communities. In El Dorado, the police department recently shared a video of an officer singing and dancing with local kids at the area Boys & Girls Club. The Little Rock Police Department announced an upcoming ‘‘Coffee with a Cop’’ event, which will allow Arkansans to come and meet their police officers in a cas-ual setting. A school resource officer in Morrilton made State and national news last month for starting ‘‘Cop Car Karaoke’’ to get to know his students better. I could go on. But let’s be honest. These aren’t the stories dominating the headlines. These days, it seems like the police make the news most often when there is an officer involved in use of force, like in Ferguson or now in Charlotte, or when cops are gunned down in the line of duty, like in Dallas and Baton Rouge. Sadly, these stories often have a racial element, too, which, of course, drives more media coverage. We haven’t seen a story like this in Arkan-sas lately, but the law enforcement of-ficers with whom I spoke all knew it could happen at any time. That is one reason why they stressed community engagement so much, especially in Black neighborhoods where tensions can run the highest. So the final step, after citizens and law enforcement officers do their part, is for elected leaders and community leaders to do ours. Too often, leaders jump to conclusions after an officer-in-volved use of force, not least so they can jump in front of a television cam-era. But, as we have seen in Ferguson and Baltimore, for example, first im-pressions can often be wrong. One thing I learned in the Army is that first reports often, even usually, are wrong or at least incomplete. Our lead-ers shouldn’t fan the flames of racial tension and divide our communities be-fore all the facts are known. After all, there is always a neutral, impartial in-quiry following an officer-involved use 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.023 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5971 September 22, 2016 
of force, especially a shooting. Our leaders ought to let those inquiries occur in a calm, dispassionate setting and call upon all other citizens to do the same. They certainly should never condone rioting. When the use of force is justified, we ought to support the officer, and when it is not, the public demands account-ability. During my visits around the State, I met with several veteran officers, but I also spoke with many new recruits and newly hired officers. You might expect these rookies to be discouraged by anti-police protests and the recent as-sassinations of law enforcement offi-cers. On the contrary, they said they were more motivated than ever to prove themselves to the people they serve and to honor the sacrifices of those officers killed in the line of duty. We are lucky to have men and women like them. As I left my meeting with the officers at the Arkansas State Police Head-quarters in Little Rock, I stopped to pay my respects at the Hall of Honor, a memorial dedicated to the troopers who lost their lives in the line of duty. Toward the back of the room, above a small star for each lost trooper, in-scribed in the wall are the words ‘‘In Valor There is Hope.’’ These words are particularly poignant right now. I am grateful for every officer at every department and agency who dis-plays professionalism and courage in the face of danger every day. In their valor, the American people do, indeed, find hope. Thank you. God bless our men and women in blue. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO EMILY WINTERSON  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, today I rise to celebrate the retirement of Emily Winterson, an immigration spe-cialist in my Boston office, who has served the people of Massachusetts and the United States for over 32 years. Emily began working in the Senate on March 7, 1984, and has worked for four consecutive Massachusetts Sen-ators since then. First, Emily worked in the office of Senator Ted Kennedy for over 20 years. When Senator Ken-nedy passed, she stayed on to work for Senator Paul Kirk, then Senator Scott Brown, and now she has been on my team in the Boston office since I was sworn in. As my colleagues know well, there are two parts to a Senate office. The side the Nation hears about most often and is in the news is the legislative work we do right here in Washington. But there is an equally important side to our work, and that is the help we provide back home. We would not be able to offer this critical help without devoted people like Emily Winterson. Emily has committed entirely to this work, and she has touched the lives of countless families across the State of Massachusetts. With her years of ex-pertise and her relentless determina-tion, she has helped people navigate our complex immigration system, and she does it all with exceptional humil-ity and grace. When someone has a last-minute passport problem and may not be able to make the trip with the group from the temple or the church, Emily has been the one to cut through the red-tape. When a student needs a visa to be able to attend one of our great univer-sities, Emily is there. When extraor-dinary musicians or performers from around the world needed help getting into the country, Emily was there. When families needed her most, when foreign adoptions were tangled up and families were divided or stranded, Emily was there. When sick children needed to get medical care at world- class hospitals in Boston and around our State, Emily was there. No matter the issue, Emily always knew the right people to call to get results in govern-ment offices both here and abroad—and they all knew Emily. There are too many stories to count, but I want to tell just one. A young woman came from China to the United States to study medicine at Boston University. While she was here, she was diagnosed with leukemia. She had no family in America and she desperately needed help getting a visa for her sister to come to the United States to help take care of her. As have so many oth-ers, she reached out to Emily for help. Now, Emily was able to get the visa for her sister to come and to support her through a long and very difficult treatment, but the story doesn’t stop there. Without any form of financial support and unable to work, the young woman faced eviction. Together with the help of Catholic Charities, Emily helped secure the funds needed to help her get caught up on her rent. During all of this, the young woman’s student visa expired, which left her in-eligible for health care. Once again, Emily got to work and was able to ob-tain deferred action on her visa. Emily even helped her find an apartment near the hospital when she was being treat-ed, and in her usual ‘‘do more than anyone would expect,’’ Emily even helped her furnish the place. Still, the young woman’s health worsened. As she was nearing her final days, her last wish was to see her mother, whom she had not seen for 12 years during her studies. Again, Emily concentrated all of her efforts on secur-ing an expedited visa for her mother so she could be with her before she passed. Because of Emily’s tireless work, this young woman, far from home, spent her final days with the support and care of her mother and her sister. Emily was there for her through thick and thin. When this young woman needed help and had no one to turn to, Emily was there. With stead-fast commitment, Emily fought for her. Now, this is just one of many stories that together form the fabric of Emily’s life work. At a time when many Americans feel that government is not working for them, a system that too often overlooks those in need, Emily is a shining example of the pow-ers of public service. She embodies the link between government and the peo-ple. She has dedicated her working life to making government fulfill its most fundamental mission—improving the lives of the people it serves. Emily Winterson has shown us all that when we take time to listen to someone’s story, when we have the compassion to care about their trou-bles and the determination to fight on their behalf, we have the power to im-prove each other’s lives. This is govern-ment by the people and for the people. Emily is American politics at its best. This is the legacy that Emily leaves behind. We will all miss her greatly. Al-though we are sad to see Emily leave, we could not be happier for her as she begins her much earned retirement in October. I know she is looking forward to gardening, to working on her mem-oirs, and to spending more time with her children and her grandchildren. So, Emily, on behalf of the people fortunate enough to work alongside you, for the State of Massachusetts and for the thousands of people you have served, thank you. We wish you the best as you move into the next chapter of your life. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRESCRIPTION DRUG AND HEROIN EPIDEMIC Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I want to start by thanking my colleague from Indiana for his indulgence, and I look forward to hearing his remarks. We were both on the floor today wait-ing to speak while we tried to work out differences with the continuing resolu-tion. I am hopeful those issues can be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.026 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5972 September 22, 2016 
resolved so we can have a process to move forward with our spending bills. In the meantime, I need to talk on the floor today about an ongoing issue in all of our communities around the country, sadly, which is this issue of prescription drug abuse, heroin, and now fentanyl. It is really an epidemic. It is now the No. 1 cause of accidental death in my home State of Ohio, and more recently it is the No. 1 cause of accidental death in our country, sur-passing car accidents. It is something that is taking thousands of lives every year, and it is something that is tear-ing families apart, causing crime, cre-ating real hardship for so many fami-lies, and hurting the economy. President Obama and his administra-tion declared this week Prescription Opioid and Heroin Epidemic Awareness Week, and I commend him for that. I think raising the awareness of this issue is really important right now. Having a national conversation on this issue is really important right now. This is the opportunity I take every week to come to the floor. I have been doing it since before we passed the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act back in March. I come every week to talk on the floor about the im-portance of addressing the issue. Ini-tially, it was to get the legislation passed, and we did that. Now we are implementing the legislation and even adding additional legislation because of this new wave of addiction that we are seeing and overdoses and deaths based on synthetic heroin, also called fentanyl or carfentanil or U–4, which is coming into our communities. About once a month, I have a tele- townhall, and I ask people on the call a number of questions that they answer about their top priorities. I started out by asking this question: How many of you have been directly affected by the heroin and prescription drug epidemic in Ohio? I will tell you, sadly, that in the last few calls we have had sur-prising results, which is that roughly half of the people on the call say they have been affected, whether I am call-ing people in Cleveland, Columbus, or in rural areas—no matter where it is. I recently called people in Canton, OH, and Wood County, outside of Toledo, and 49 percent of the people on the call said yes, they have been affected di-rectly. Earlier this month I talked to people in my town of Cincinnati, and it was 51 percent. Here is something even more alarming. A couple of months ago, I called people in southeast Ohio. Some of you know that Portsmouth, OH, is an area that, unfortunately, has been hit particularly hard. In fact, there is a book that some may have read, and if you have not and you are interested in this issue, I would recommend it. It is called ‘‘Dreamland,’’ by a man named Sam Quinones. What the author talks about is the history behind this pre-scription drug, heroin, and opioid epi-demic and some suggestions for us on how to address it. In any case, I called southeast Ohio. ‘‘Dreamland’’ is based on a community center swimming pool. It is the name of a swimming pool in Portsmouth, OH, and 68 percent of the people on the call said they were directly affected. Typi-cally, we have about 20 to 25,000 people on the call, and 68 percent said they were directly affected. That is alarm-ing, but it doesn’t surprise me because I see it when I am home. So many other people are seeing it now, too. As some know, recently there was something that went viral on Facebook. It was a photograph of two people passed out in the front of a car and a child in the backseat. It hap-pened in northeast Ohio, in East Liver-pool, OH. This has been shared thou-sands and thousands of times, and com-mented on thousands and thousands of times. The two people in the front seat were the grandmother and her boy-friend and a grandson was in the back-seat, age 4. They were passed out, overdosed in the front seat, and he was looking confused and alarmed in the backseat. This, unfortunately, is something that is happening around our country. The East Liverpool police said at the time: 
It is time that the non-drug-using public sees what we are dealing with on a daily basis. . . . The poison known as heroin has taken a strong grip on many communities— not just ours. 
I agree with them. They see these im-ages every day, not just in East Liver-pool but in your hometown and in your county. This is not the only child who has watched his parents overdose. In Cleveland, 2 weeks ago, a 6-year-old boy was found in Barkwell Park shak-ing and crying next to his parents, who were both unconscious from heroin overdoses. Another incident that has received national attention is the spike of 24 heroin overdoses in Akron, OH, 1 week ago today. So far 112 people in Akron, OH, have died from overdoses this year. That is already a record. Already this year more people have died in Akron than all of last year. This follows an even larger spike of overdoses in my hometown of Cincinnati, OH, where since August 19, there have been 300 heroin overdoses. During a 6-day period there were 174 overdoses. I went to the firehouse that responded to the largest number of those overdoses and talked to the firefighters about it. They talked about administering Narcan. This miracle drug actually can reverse the overdose. Typically, it is adminis-tered once. With regard to these overdoses, they saved so many lives—34 lives. They had to use Narcan not once, not twice, not three times but four or five times. We found out later—and I was able to get samples to Cincinnati to find this out—that there was carfentanil mixed with the heroin. This is a synthetic drug that traffickers are now using that is far more powerful even than heroin. Carfentanil is actu-ally something that is a sedative for large animals such as elephants, and yet traffickers are using this along with heroin. The Hamilton County coroner con-firmed that eight of the overdoses in this 6-day period were a direct result of carfentanil. Some of these victims were not brought back to life. Some of them did pass away. But these brave first responders responded quickly, pro-fessionally, and were able to save all but 4 or 5 lives out of 174 in a 6-day pe-riod—incredible. This new drug called fentanyl is incredibly powerful. It is a substance so strong that only a few flakes of it ingested by a human being can kill them. If you want an idea of how addictive this stuff is, consider the story of a woman in Massillon, OH, who last Sat-urday used heroin with her boyfriend. He died of an overdose right next to her, and, according to police, after he died, she left his corpse lying there for 11 hours while she went out to get more heroin. I have met with addicts who are still using, and I have met with those in re-covery all over Ohio. I have met with several hundred people who have a story to tell. I am told again and again by those in recovery the same thing: The drug becomes everything. The drug becomes more important than family, more important than work, more im-portant than anything, leading them to do what many of these people have never done before, which is commit crimes to pay for their habit. As addictive as heroin is, fentanyl can be 50 to 100 times more powerful. According to the DEA, the Drug En-forcement Agency, carfentanil can be many times more powerful, 10 times as powerful as morphine. It is used pri-marily to take down elephants and used as a sedative. The police officer in Newtown, OH, who heads up our Ham-ilton County drug task force said: ‘‘The side effect of carfentanil is death.’’ These synthetic drugs are contrib-uting in Ohio to our rapid increase in overdoses. Since 2000, the number of annual opioid overdoses in Ohio has in-creased dramatically. We are losing one life to overdose every 3 hours. We happen to have information now com-ing in on fentanyl. Just in the last 2 years, according to records, from 2013 to 2015, we saw a 13-fold increase in fentanyl-related deaths. Just 3 years ago, about 1 in 20 deaths in Ohio was a result of fentanyl. Now it is more than one in three. Sadly, I expect that num-ber to rise substantially this year, based on the information we have. The message today for those who might be listening or a family member who might be listening is, if you are suffering from this addiction, get treat-ment. Find some place that provides treatment, longer term recovery. This legislation, the Comprehensive Addic-tion and Recovery Act, which passed this House with a vote of 92 to 2, will help provide for treatment and recov-ery. It is the first time we have ever dealt with recovery in the Congress. It is very important. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.028 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5973 September 22, 2016 
If you don’t know whether the heroin that is on the street contains these deadly synthetic drugs, you need to be extremely, extremely careful. As Cor-oner Sammarco in Hamilton County puts it, every time you buy heroin or every time you inject it, ‘‘you may be literally gambling with your life.’’ These drugs that are devastating Ohio don’t come from Ohio. They don’t come from any of our States. We are told they come from overseas, pri-marily from China. There are labora-tories in China that are developing this poison—this fentanyl and carfentanil. Some of the labs, we are told, also are in India. The drugs that are coming from China and India then come through the U.S. mail. It comes from their postal system and our postal system into the United States. It is unbelievable, but the poison is coming in the mail to our communities. It is easy to do. Because unlike private carriers, such as UPS or FedEx, in the mail system a package can be sent without having any infor-mation attached to it. It shouldn’t be that easy, and it doesn’t have to be. We want to close this loophole. It is a com-monsense idea that will help to keep our streets safer and help prevent some of these deadly overdoses from syn-thetic heroin. Customs and Border Protection has told us that if we had advance elec-tronic data on these packages from overseas, like we must have from pri-vate carriers, such as UPS or FedEx, it would help to ensure that these dan-gerous drugs wouldn’t end up in the hands of the drug traffickers or, worse yet, in the hands of our family mem-bers and friends. That is why we introduced the Syn-thetics Trafficking and Overdose Pre-vention Act, or STOP Act. It is very simple. It is to help keep this poison off the streets by closing a loophole and requiring that same advance electronic data to come with all these packages coming from overseas showing where it is coming from, what is in it, and where it is going. They are using the mail system because they don’t have to provide that now. This legislation goes hand in hand with the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act that we talked about ear-lier, which both Houses passed by near-ly unanimous votes and the President signed in July. This legislation is a tre-mendous step forward and is very com-prehensive, dealing with the preven-tion, intervention, treatment, and re-covery and helping to provide law en-forcement officers with the Narcan they need. It helps in getting the drugs off the shelves with the take-back pro-gram. It is a good bill, but I think this is complementary to it—to deal with it now and to stop this new surge of fentanyl and carfentanil. I urge the administration, especially in light of these tragic events recently and during this Prescription Opioid and Heroin Epidemic Awareness Week to implement the CARA legislation as soon as possible. There are a number of new programs that must be imple-mented for our veterans and for preg-nant women and the babies born with dependency to ensure they are getting the funding that they need. The Presi-dent and the administration, if they get these programs up and running, will be able to make a bigger difference sooner. Let’s also increase the funding for opioid programs. We have a 47-percent increase in the funding for this year, the fiscal year we are in right now. But we are coming to the end of the fiscal year. CARA has another $181 million per year in authorized funding per year going forward for this opioid issue— heroin, prescription drugs, fentanyl. We should make a down payment for that in this continuing resolution. I know it is only a short-term con-tinuing resolution that we are talking about on the floor here today in order to keep the funding going. We need to make a down payment to ensure CARA is funded. If you are one of the 92 Senators who supported the CARA Act, I hope you will look at the STOP Act. It is com-plementary to CARA. It will help deal with the very real problems we face by limiting the supply of these dangerous drugs. It is a bipartisan bill. Last week, P
ATRICK TIBERI and R ICHARD NEALin-troduced the STOP Act in the House. So we have a companion bill in the House that is bipartisan. They both have a real passion for this issue, and I appreciate them. Everything that we are doing in this area is important right now. Every Senator should be involved. If you are tough on crime, you should care about the increase in crime that is being cre-ated by this. If you are concerned about the innocent victims of an addic-tion epidemic, you should support this legislation to help protect those chil-dren who are being born with addic-tions. If you want to be tougher on China or if you want better border se-curity, you should support this legisla-tion to try to shut off this poison com-ing into our States from other coun-tries. If you care about—— The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has used 10 minutes. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 1 additional minute. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, again, this is an issue that has brought us all together in the past. Let’s continue to work together on this on a bipartisan basis to begin to turn the tide on this epidemic before it is too late, before we lose more of our young people, before we have more communities devastated by this crisis. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). The Senator from Michigan. AUTOMATED VEHICLES Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the incredible fu-ture of mobility in this country. Ear-lier this week, the Department of Transportation, or DOT, made history by releasing its official Federal policy for automated vehicles. This marks a major milestone in the effort to bring driverless cars to American roads and to ensure that our country remains the world leader in the next generation of transportation. DOT’s Federal policy contains four key components. The first outlines a 15-point safety assessment for the safe design, development, testing, and de-ployment of automated vehicles. This is a meaningful first step, the first Fed-eral guidance for automotive manufac-turers seeking to develop and deploy these new technologies. The second component outlines the distinct Federal and State roles for regulation of automated vehicles, mov-ing us toward a uniform national framework for the regulation in this space. Third, the policy makes a Federal commitment to expedite the safe intro-duction of automated vehicles into the marketplace. The Department of Transportation will streamline its pro-cedures to be more responsive to con-sumers and innovative manufacturers alike. Finally, the policy presents a number of novel considerations that Congress should closely examine. This includes new tools and authorities that the DOT might need in the future as automated vehicle technology advances and we begin to see deployment on a much wider scale. Last year, over 35,000 lives were lost in motor vehicle crashes. We saw the largest annual percentage rise in deaths on our roads for the past 50 years—50. This is simply unacceptable. Connected and automated vehicle tech-nologies have the potential to dras-tically reduce this troubling statistic and help ensure that at the end of the day, our children, our parents, and all of our family and friends are able to travel on our roads and make it home safe and sound. We need to roll up our sleeves and do our part to ensure successful imple-mentation of this policy. Many of our existing laws and regulations were en-acted long before modern vehicles. Now is the time to consider updating poli-cies from a time when the most ad-vanced onboard electronics in our cars and trucks were AM radios. We need to do this the right way and ensure that these cars and trucks are introduced safely as we work through the chal-lenges facing wide-scale deployment and the adoption of these absolutely revolutionary technologies. This means we need to take a hard look at issues such as automotive liability, consumer education, data and cyber security, and the future of the American workforce. As a member of Senate Commerce Committee and as the cofounder of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.029 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5974 September 22, 2016 
Smart Transportation Caucus, I am committed to leading these important discussions on Capitol Hill. As a start, I would like to take a moment to high-light some of what I believe are the key aspects of DOT’s four-part Federal policy. Safety, of course, is paramount, and the new safety assessment empha-sizes consumer education and aware-ness. Just as prior generations had to adapt to the innovation of stoplights and the construction of interstate highways, Americans in the coming months and years will learn how to op-erate and share the road with auto-mated vehicles. To save lives, consumers must trust that the technology underpinning this revolution in transportation is com-pletely safe. It will require public-pri-vate cooperation to improve consumer understanding and adoption of these technologies. We also cannot ignore the new threats facing modern vehi-cles, as they are increasingly con-nected to each other and to the infra-structure. It is critical that the 15-point assess-ment promotes built-in cyber security from the very start of vehicle develop-ment lifestyle. I am encouraged that DOT is addressing data recording, data sharing, and data privacy. We need to know how these automated systems work and what happens when they don’t. We also need to ensure that this data is shared and protected. Finally, I support DOT’s emphasis on continuing collaborative work among industry, government, academic, and R&D communities to advance auto-mated vehicles. In Michigan, we have already seen the benefits of such col-laborative work at the Mcity testing facility in Ann Arbor. Soon, joint ad-vanced research will take place on a much larger scale at the American Center for Mobility in Ypsilanti, where we will be testing, validating, and cer-tifying the vehicles that will be driving America in the coming years. I look forward to the continued part-nership with DOT to help advance the innovation that is driving the future of mobility, and I want to thank Sec-retary Foxx and Administrator Rosekind for their focus and hard work that made this week’s historic an-nouncement possible. This guidance demonstrates that America will be the global leader in the development and deployment of ad-vanced vehicle technologies. You know, just 8 years ago, people were pre-dicting the financial ruin of the auto industry here in America. Today, not only have we had the auto industry come roaring back with record sales, but we are now working to produce some of the greatest and most impor-tant innovations in American manufac-turing history. (The remarks of Mr. P
ETERS per-taining to the introduction of S. 3381 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. PETERS. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
WASTEFUL SPENDING Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I have put this poster up for Waste of the Week to address waste, fraud or abuse of tax-payers’ hard-earned dollars, and this is week 51. Today I am here to draw attention to the $2.3 billion owed to the United States from uncollected anti-dumping and countervailing duties. These are nations that have violated our trade laws, that signed up through trade laws or trade agreements, and then violated those—or companies from those coun-tries that have violated those. There are laws that prohibit that and enforce that, and this is what it ought to be. Let me say at the outset here that I do support international trade. It bol-sters our economy; the statistics show that. It creates new opportunities for American businesses overseas, and it enhances America’s security and global roles. Trade raises economic prosperity; it has been a proven fact. Just take my State of Indiana. In recent years, Indi-ana has exported over $34 billion in goods and services. Hoosier manufac-turers export automobiles, auto parts, industrial machinery, medical devices, and much more. Indiana is a national leader in pharmaceutical and agricul-tural exports. In 2014, our State had the highest share of manufacturing em-ployment per capita and the highest manufacturing income share relevant to the total income of any State in our country. According to statistics, more than one in four—actually one in five—jobs in Indiana are due to our ability to ex-port overseas. That has a significant impact on our economy here in Indi-ana. It is vital for our State to have strong trade laws that prevent other countries from engaging in unfair trade so that Hoosier companies can compete with them on a level playing field. Having said that, I support inter-national trade for all of the benefits to my State and to our country. I also strongly support the use of our trade laws to protect American companies against dumped or subsidized imports from foreign countries, China in par-ticular. Under Federal law, anti-dumping du-ties are special fees that are placed on products shipped to the United States at unfairly low prices. Sometimes this occurs when a foreign manufacturer sells a product in the United States for less than it cost to even make that profit. They are not even trying to re-gain their costs. They want our market share, so they dump products into the United States that undercut our Amer-ican-made goods. I will not stand for that. I will not support that. Some who support trade laws say that we shouldn’t be enforcing these, that it will ultimately work itself out. I don’t believe that. The law is the law. The agreements are the agreements. They need to be enforced. Counter-vailing duties are fees placed on prod-ucts imported into the United States that are made in countries where the foreign government unfairly subsidizes the product to lower their sale price. We are a free enterprise system here in America. Yes, there have been some subsidies, and we should not be a viola-tor of that in terms of unfairly break-ing the laws, and we generally are not in that situation. But many countries, we have found and proven through a process, a judicial process, have un-fairly subsidized their products, and we need to impose the fees and penalties against these countries and these com-panies. Both anti-dumping and counter-vailing duties are how we fight the predatory practices of foreign nations that unfairly hurt American manufac-turers by making American-made prod-ucts more expensive than a foreign competitor’s product. In order to level the playing field for American compa-nies and their workers, the U.S. De-partment of Commerce calculates the duties that should be placed on the im-ported product to make up for these predatory trade practices. Once Con-gress calculates the money owed to the United States, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency—CBP, which oversees all imports into the United States—is responsible for collecting these fees that are imposed. Even though CBP is legally directed to collect all of these fees, recently the Government Accountability Office dis-covered that from the years 2001 to 2014, the CBP failed to collect about $2.3 billion in anti-dumping and coun-tervailing duties. There are a number of reasons CBP has trouble collecting these fees, but one key reason the Gov-ernment Accountability Office high-lighted is that CBP simply does not as-sess the fees once the item is initially imported or once Commerce deter-mines how much is owed. Basically, they are just behind the curve. So the agency that is responsible for col-lecting these fees simply is not doing its job successfully enough. CBP is sup-posed to collect the fees within the first 6 months of entry of the product or assessment, but in its account-ability process, the GAO found that of the 41,000 uncollected bills—41,000 un-collected bills—the median age of the bills was 4.5 years, and they were sup-posed to do it in the first 6 months. Clearly, we have some dysfunction here. Clearly, we have some waste that needs to be corrected so that we can enforce these trade laws. Otherwise, we are sending a signal: Go ahead and do it. Chances are we will get away with it. Their assessment system is not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.030 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5975 September 22, 2016 
functional. We have a good chance of avoiding the fee altogether. That is the signal which is being sent out to countries and manufacturers all around the world that are dumping or unfairly subsidizing their products and making our products—our competition less competitive. As I said, GAO has found that out of the 41,000 uncollected bills, the median age is 4.5 years. We need to get them back to the 6-month standard. Additionally, we have learned that nearly 1,000 of those uncollected bills were between 10 years and 13 years old. That is simply not acceptable. It is a dysfunction of government. It is a dys-function of the bureaucratic processes we have to deal with in Washington. If it were somebody else’s money, maybe we could make an excuse for this dys-function, but this is taxpayer money. This money is from the hard-earned money each family takes home at the end of the week to pay the bills, to pay the mortgage, to save money for col-lege. It is unacceptable to have this happening in Washington, DC, where this waste, fraud, and abuse continue to ramp up on our calculator. American manufacturers work tire-lessly to compete on a global market and sometimes against those who don’t even play by the rules. Those who don’t play by the rules have to have the rules enforced. So enforcement of our trade laws through the assessment of anti- dumping and countervailing duties is essential to ensure a level playing field for American workers and to show that predatory practices will not be toler-ated. That is one reason I supported bi-partisan legislation that was enacted earlier this year that would give the Customs and Border Patrol people the tools necessary to better enforce our trade laws, such as requiring CBP to better track which foreign companies may be less likely to pay fees owed to the United States. Fortunately, CBP has agreed with the GAO’s recommendations. Now that Congress has also provided the Cus-toms and Border Patrol people with the tools to implement and enforce these recommendations, I am hopeful—but also watchful—that CBP will improve its track record in the near future. We have a responsibility not only to sort out waste of taxpayers’ dollars or misuse of taxpayers’ dollars, we have a responsibility to try to correct the er-rors, to give the tools to the agencies to do their job as we have ordered them to do and then to oversee and make sure. It is one thing that the job is done. It is one thing to come to the floor and identify a problem. It is an-other thing to come down here with my colleagues and offer a solution. It is an-other thing to follow up and oversee that solution and see what we can do to make sure this doesn’t happen again. We are far too short on oversight and far too long on rhetoric. With that, I am adding $2.3 billion for uncollected anti-dumping and counter-vailing duties, bringing our taxpayer price tag to over $328-plus billion of waste, fraud, and abuse. Think what we could do with that $328 billion—help our defense, help the National Insti-tutes of Health produce lifesaving new medical techniques or therapies, pave some roads, pay for essential functions of the Federal Government, or even better, not have to take this money from the taxpayers and simply throw it away. Mr. President, with that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
f 
WILLSEYE HOSPITAL Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to talk for a few minutes about a hospital in Pennsylvania, WillsEye Hospital. This is a hospital which is not only critically important to our State but to the Nation as well. It serves people from across our State and across the country. WillsEye Hospital is a public trust that was gifted to the city of Philadel-phia and founded in 1832. It was the first dedicated eye hospital in the country, providing care to the blind and the indigent—something they still do today. They still have that same mission. Unfortunately, if the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services—what we know as CMS—has its way, WillsEye Hospital will no longer be able to provide this kind of care. This is world-class care that so many Penn-sylvanians and so many Americans can speak to personally. I had a personal experience when my daughter Julia had an eye problem years ago, and WillsEye did great work for her. In this case, CMS is using an arbi-trary ratio of the number of inpatients and outpatients to say that WillsEye Hospital is not a hospital and should be what is known as an ambulatory sur-gery center, which could have drastic implications and ultimately force WillsEye to close. Again, this was an institution founded almost 200 years ago. Last week I went to WillsEye in Philadelphia to talk about this prob-lem and had the opportunity to meet Joey Povio, whose picture is in this en-larged photograph. Joey is 6 years old, and he has retinoblastoma, a type of ocular cancer which, if left untreated, will lead to his death. According to the American Cancer Society, there are 200 cases to 300 cases of retinoblastoma diagnosed each year. In the last fiscal year, WillsEye treated 110 unique individuals with a diagnosis of retinoblastoma, or almost 37 percent to 55 percent of the diagnosed cases in the country. So you can see the impact of just one hospital on a substantial problem that Joey and children across the country have. Fortunately for Joey, he is receiving first-rate treat-ment, but we have to have ask our-selves: What about the others who have retinoblastoma? What about the chil-dren who will have retinoblastoma in the future? What will happen to them without WillsEye Hospital? You can tell from this picture not just how dynamic Joey is—and I can attest to that personally, after having met him—but how focused he is on get-ting better and how confident he and his family are that he can, in fact, get better because of the great work done at WillsEye Hospital. There are many who might think this is just a unique situation or sim-ply an unfortunate situation, and cer-tainly it is for Joey and his family and for others who have retinoblastoma or a number of other ailments or prob-lems that center on their eyes. Thank God we have WillsEye to treat those problems. But there are other hospitals in the Nation that are dealing with some of these same issues and espe-cially dealing with issues that relate to their interaction with CMS, and these are obviously some great hospitals that I will mention in a moment. In this case, for whatever reason, I think CMS is treating WillsEye Hos-pital unfairly. I think that is an under-statement. In this case, we have a number of institutions that have a bed ratio—that is the interplay between in-patient and outpatient that CMS is fo-cused on in this circumstance—there are some hospitals that have a bed ratio that is lower than the one at WillsEye. Because those numbers are lower, that would mean those hospitals should be the subject of the same kind of action CMS is taking when it comes to WillsEye. When WillsEye was first denied hos-pital status, their bed ratio was 17 per-cent. But according to the data pro-vided by the American Hospital Asso-ciation, the Cleveland Clinic, one of our great institutions, has a ratio of 6.14 percent, which is obviously lower than 17 percent, and Stanford Health Care, another great institution, has a ratio of 10.5 percent, which is again lower than the 17 percent at WillsEye Hospital. As I mentioned, these are the bed ratios. So it doesn’t make much sense that CMS is focused on WillsEye and is not taking the same action or similar action as it relates to those other two institutions. Now, no one would doubt that these two premier institutions—Cleveland Clinic and Stanford—are hospitals. There is no question they are hospitals. Yet CMS is focused on WillsEye in a determination they have made that it is not a hospital. It doesn’t make any sense. CMS does not even have a definite ratio that a facility needs to meet in order to have inpatient beds. They sim-ply need to be ‘‘primarily engaged’’ in providing inpatient services. So there is no definite ratio, and yet they are taking action that is to the detriment of WillsEye Hospital, and I believe— and I think the evidence in the record is clear—to the detriment of a lot of people in Southeastern Pennsylvania, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.032 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5976 September 22, 2016 
lot of people throughout our Common-wealth, and indeed throughout our Na-tion. In this case, I believe, obviously, CMS has made the wrong decision. One would think, in order to help de-termine what a hospital is doing, a rep-resentative from CMS would visit and would do a thorough review of the hos-pital that can only be done in person. You can’t do that just based upon charts or phone calls. One would think someone from CMS would come and see WillsEye Hospital firsthand. They real-ly haven’t done that yet in a manner that is connected to the actions they have been taking. So I have encouraged them to do that. It is not a very bur-densome task to get on the train, go to Philadelphia, spend some time in WillsEye Hospital, and use that as part of the basis upon which to make a de-termination as an agency of govern-ment. In this case, unfortunately, CMS has made an arbitrary decision, which is wrong. This decision threatens this world-class hospital, and that is an un-derstatement. In essence, this decision makes no sense. WillsEye is a hospital. It provides great care for people who can’t get this care almost anywhere else in the country, especially when it comes to children and especially when it comes to that diagnosis that families get of retinoblastoma. Without the intervention and the great work at WillsEye, those children will die. I will continue to urge CMS to work with me and to work with WillsEye on a solution that resolves this bureau-cratic problem. That is basically what this is, a bureaucratic approach that doesn’t make sense in the real world— the real world of quality medical care, the real world of the services that WillsEye provides, and the real world of Joey’s circumstance and children like him across our region in Pennsyl-vania but also across the country. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 10 min-utes, and if the Chair would, let me know when I have spoken for 8 min-utes, please. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will do so. Ms. STABENOW. I thank the Chair. 
f 
FUNDING FOR FLINT, MICHIGAN Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, this has been a roller coaster time for those of us who care deeply about what hap-pened over 2
1⁄2years ago in the city of Flint with a system that was not treat-ed properly and exposed 100,000 people in Flint to lead poisoning. We had a great vote last week, and I am very grateful to Senator INHOFE  and Senator B
OXER , who came to-gether, working with Senator P
ETERS  and me, to put together a larger water bill that included an effort to help Flint families as well as other commu-nities that have exposure to lead in their water. That effort had a final vote of 95 to 3. This was a very positive moment. Today, just a little while ago, it was just the opposite. We have an oppor-tunity to complete the job we started last week and include this fully offset package in this budget bill in front of us, the continuing resolution. Yet the Republican leader did not do that. What adds insult to injury is, there is help for Louisiana but not for the fami-lies of Flint, and I might add, ours is fully offset. There is no offset in spend-ing, there are no other programs cut to pay for the help for Louisiana, but I of-fered to phase out a program I spon-sored in 2007—that doesn’t happen a lot around here—in order to pay for this emergency in Flint and help other communities with lead in their water across the country. So we have some-thing fully paid for and for which there should be absolutely no objection. I would love to know the objection to helping a group of people—100,000 peo-ple in Flint and other families across the country in Jackson, MS, New York, Indiana, Pennsylvania, Texas, and across the country—with something fully paid for. What is the objection to putting that into this continuing reso-lution if the other side of the aisle is willing to put in something that doesn’t have an offset in it to help the people in Louisiana? I support helping the people in Lou-isiana. I believe we are in this together as a country. As Americans, I think, no matter the emergency, we should be willing to help each other. We have had a variety of emergencies over the years, such as the fertilizer company in West, TX, where there was an explosion a few years ago. It was not a flood, not a hurricane, not a drought but a fer-tilizer explosion, and people were ex-posed. The Federal Government stepped in to help, and that wasn’t fully paid for either. Here we have a situation with 100,000 people—9,000 children under the age of 6—who are seriously exposed to lead and that exposure will affect their de-velopment, physically and mentally, for the rest of their lives. They have now waited—they have waited—over 1 year since they knew what was hap-pening. We have finally gotten to a point where we have strong bipartisan support in the Senate, and this is easy to put this in this bill—easy. But we are in a situation where we are saying to the people of Flint: Well, wait just 3 more months. Wait until the end of the year. I guess the other question is, Why don’t people in Louisiana wait until the end of the year? I think we should help both of them now. In Flint, we literally have people get-ting up in the morning and saying: OK. I have to take the kids to the school. Should I pick up the bottle of water be-fore I take them to school or after? Gosh. Now, I don’t have a car, but can I get somebody to help me go over be-fore I go to work—pick up the bottle of water now or later? We are going to have to spend some time because it is not easy to use bottled water and do a shower for yourself and the kids, let alone for cooking and all of the other things we take for granted every day. People in Flint, for almost 2 years, have been having to deal with this every single day. If this were happening to us, we would view it as an emergency. A dec-ade ago—I don’t know, 10 or 12 years ago—when Washington, DC, had lead in the water, somehow everybody came together to get that fixed. There was a concern about the water in the Cannon House Office Building, and that got fixed. I have a funny feeling if some-thing happened in Wisconsin, the Speaker would decide that was serious enough to fix that, but we have a group of people in Flint, MI, who trusted their elected officials and who have been waiting—actually, incredibly pa-tiently—for action so they can turn on the faucet and have clean water. They had such hopes last week. This was a great moment of people coming together, 95 to 3, on a bill that would not only help families in Flint but across the country. That is how we are supposed to govern. We did that con-cerning the lead in the water in Flint. We went the extra mile to make sure that was fully offset by phasing out an-other program to pay for it. Literally, this package could go any-where. It could go by itself by voice vote today. It could go any number of places, but it needs to happen now. To see the continuing resolution come to the floor with help for Louisiana and not for the families of Flint is out-rageous. It is just outrageous. I will do everything in my power to make sure this does not happen. We are not—we are not, I am not—going to support an effort that says to the people of Flint: You don’t count. Your child doesn’t count. We care about people in Lou-isiana. Oh, they count, but people in Flint, MI, don’t count. We don’t see them. We don’t care. Well, we do see them. We do care about them. We spent 8 months putting together a bipartisan coalition in the Senate, and I am grateful for that. As I said before, Senator I
NHOFE has been terrific to work with. We were so pleased last week that we were on track to get this done and then to find out that when we now have this oppor-tunity and we had this huge vote—a bi-partisan, fully offset, paid-for package to move it forward—suddenly Flint doesn’t count. Flint families don’t count. Flint children don’t count. But for Louisiana, which wasn’t in the WRDA bill—or so far we haven’t voted on it separately—we need to help Lou-isiana. By the way, let me say again, I am happy to support Louisiana, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.034 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5977 September 22, 2016 
the help for Louisiana and the help for Flint need to be done the same. Let me finally say—— The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has used 8 minutes. Ms. STABENOW. I thank the Chair. I want to actually turn and give 2 minutes to my colleague who has been my great partner in this, but I want to close by saying this. There is one other provision in this bill that is outrageous and that continues dark money in cam-paigns from having to be reported. So this continuing resolution is saying yes to dark money and no to children with lead poisoning in Flint, and that is not acceptable. Now to my partner Senator P
ETERS . Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I thank Senator S
TABENOW for yielding me her remaining time. I couldn’t concur more with what she had to say. This is another day. It seems like we are down here on the floor all of the time talking about the crisis in Flint, asking for help, and demanding that folks step up to help the people of Flint. We are so close to doing it. As the Senator mentioned, we came with incredible bipartisan support, 95 votes—a program fully paid for that the Senator authored, a program that I fought for as a Member of the U.S. House. Now we are saying this is so im-portant that we are willing to take this program, use these funds to help the people of Flint. But the people can’t wait any longer. In this body, the Sen-ate should not be about picking and choosing specific States to help, spe-cific cities to help, specific neighbor-hoods. It should be about all of Amer-ica: No matter who you are, no matter where you live, when you are hurting, we will step up as the American people and help those folks in need. That is all we are asking. A program that is fully paid for and has strong bipartisan support—this seems to be a very easy thing to do, which is why I am at a loss to under-stand why it can’t be put in a CR when it had such broad support and when it is clear people have been waiting for months. We had families in Washington last week, a woman, a mom, talking about her daughter whose teeth are crumbling when she bites into sand-wiches because of the damage related to lead poisoning. She has blood levels going up and down with lead; it is still not under control. She was in tears. She was at a loss. She felt some hope when the WRDA bill passed. But if we don’t take action and we leave to go back to our States for the month of Oc-tober, who knows when we were going to bring this up. This is wrong. The people of Flint have waited long enough. The people of Flint have suf-fered enough. This is our opportunity as the Senate to rise up and to say: Every American’s life is important. Every American’s life is one that we celebrate. Every child should have op-portunities. We can put this in the CR. We can pass it and send a strong signal to the people of Flint that their lives matter. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, if there is a moment left, I wish to under-score that we are not asking to pit communities against each other. We are not asking colleagues to say no to Louisiana. We are asking colleagues to say yes to Flint and Louisiana and un-derstand that your ZIP Code doesn’t matter. We have the obligation to step up when there is an emergency and help American families. That is all we are asking for the people of Flint. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. f 
JUSTICE CLARENCE THOMAS Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today to celebrate an event that both represents and helps preserve what is best about this great country. I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to finish these remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, 25 years ago next month, the Senate confirmed, and President George H.W. Bush ap-pointed, Clarence Thomas to be an As-sociate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. To paraphrase John F. Kennedy, I would like to note both what this country has done for Justice Thomas and what Justice Thomas is doing for this country. President Bush made the announce-ment of then-Judge Thomas’s Supreme Court nomination on July 1, 1991, at the Bush home in Maine. In his brief remarks, Judge Thomas said: ‘‘Only in America could this have been pos-sible.’’ He was right. It would be dif-ficult to find a more powerful story about how far someone can go in this country. Clarence Thomas was born on June 23, 1948, in a small wood-frame house in the rural town of Pin Point, GA. Six people lived in that house, which had no indoor plumbing. Life in the world of Clarence’s youth was fully segregated. In 1955, the year after the Supreme Court ruled seg-regated education unconstitutional, he and his brother moved in with his ma-ternal grandparents, Myers and Chris-tine Anderson. Myers Anderson lacked the outward material signs of success that many prize so highly today. He grew up poor, without a father, and had only a third grade education. Yet it was what he had, rather than what he lacked, that would make him the most profound influence on his grandson, Clarence Thomas. Mr. Anderson’s strength of character, his principles and values, and his example shaped the man whose memoir would later be ti-tled, ‘‘My Grandfather’s Son.’’ Clarence’s grandparents were honest, hardworking, and deeply religious peo-ple. They taught decency and respect for others, insisting that Clarence never refuse to do an errand for a neighbor. Mr. Anderson wanted his grandson to be self-sufficient, able to stand on his own two feet even in a hostile world where the odds seemed heavily stacked against him. The other powerful influences for young Clarence were the nuns who taught him at St. Benedict’s Grammar School. There, and at St. Benedict’s Catholic Church, Clarence learned that all people are inherently equal, no mat-ter what the law or society might say at a particular time. Clarence graduated from high school in 1967, the only Black student in his class, and was the first person in his family to attend college. After grad-uating from Yale Law School, Clarence went to work for Missouri attorney general John Danforth—known as Jack Danforth by us—arguing his first case before the Missouri Supreme Court just 3 days after having been sworn in as a member of the Missouri Bar. He came to Washington in 1979 to join then-Sen-ator Danforth as a legislative assist-ant. Clarence Thomas was confirmed by the Senate for the first of five times in 1981 as Assistant Secretary of Edu-cation for Civil Rights. I think I was the chairman at that time. He would become the longest serving chairman of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission in 1982, a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit in 1990, and a Supreme Court Justice in 1991 at the age of 43. America gave him opportunities that do not exist any-where else in the world. Since this anniversary is about Jus-tice Thomas’s service on the Supreme Court, let me turn from what America has done for him to what he is doing for America. I have known Clarence for 35 years and chaired or served on the committees that oversaw each of his appointments. His impact on our Na-tion comes from his own strength of character fueling his deep conviction about the principles of liberty and other great principles as well. I have already touched on some of the building blocks of Clarence’s char-acter, including his grandfather’s ex-ample of standing firm in his beliefs. In one interview, Clarence said that his professional career is a vindication of the way he was raised. He described that upbringing in this way in a 1986 article: 
But my training by the nuns and my grandparents paid off. I decided then . . . that it was better to be respected than liked. 
At the time of Clarence’s Supreme Court nomination, reporters noted that he defied categorization and refused to uncritically accept orthodoxy of any stripe. Even liberal columnists ac-knowledged the nominee’s intellectual independence was great. This strength of character has not changed and makes it possible for Justice Thomas to advance his deep conviction about the principles of liberty. The first principle is the inherent equality of every human being. As the Declaration of Independence states, government exists to secure the in-alienable rights of individuals. Justice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.035 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5978 September 22, 2016 
Thomas has called the Constitution ‘‘a logical extension of [the Declaration’s] principles.’’ The second principle of liberty that defines Justice Thomas’s service is the necessity of limits on government, in-cluding judges. In 1988, while Chairman of the EEOC, he made an important presentation at the Federalist Soci-ety’s annual symposium. The related principles of equality and God-given in-alienable rights, he said, are ‘‘the best defense of limited government, of the separation of powers, and of the judi-cial restraint that flows from the com-mitment to limited government.’’ Justice Thomas has said many times that he resists a single label or cat-egory for his judicial philosophy or his understanding of the power and role of judges in our system of government. In that 1988 speech, however, he said that liberty and limited government are the foundation for what he called ‘‘a judici-ary active in defending the Constitu-tion, but judicious in its restraint and moderation.’’ This judiciary, he ex-plained, ‘‘is the only alternative to the willfulness of both run-amok majori-ties and run-amok judges.’’ To put it simply, Justice Thomas draws a direct connection between equality and God-given inalienable rights, limited government, and liberty itself. This means that each branch of government, including the judiciary, should be active but only within its proper bounds. A judiciary consistent with liberty will be active in properly interpreting and applying the Constitu-tion and will be restrained in declining to exercise power to manipulate or change the law. In 1990, after being appointed to the U.S. court of appeals, Clarence had lunch with a friend and reflected on his new judicial role. He said: Every time I put on the robe, I have to remember that I am only a judge. The only reason that sounds unusual today is that we live in an era of run-amok judges en-gaging in what the late Justice Antonin Scalia called power-judging. Justice Thomas’s statement would not, however, have sounded strange to America’s Founders. Alexander Ham-ilton, after all, wrote that because the judiciary may exercise judgment but may not exercise will, it is the weakest and least dangerous branch. In 2008, two legal scholars wrote about Justice Thomas in the Wall Street Journal. They quoted him de-scribing his basic yet profound judicial philosophy this way: ‘‘It’s not my Con-stitution to play around with,’’ he said. ‘‘I just think that we should interpret the Constitution as it’s drafted, not as we would have drafted it.’’ A properly active judiciary will in-terpret the Constitution as it is al-ready drafted, and a properly re-strained judiciary will refuse to inter-pret the Constitution the way judges would have drafted it. That is what judges are supposed to do in our system of government. They are supposed to interpret the Constitution as it was drafted. Judges must take the law as they find it and apply it impartially to decide cases. That is their job, their part of the system of government that supports liberty and freedom. This is the kind of Justice that we knew Clarence Thomas would be: A Justice who knows both the purpose and the limits of the power the Con-stitution gives him. This is also the reason that many fought so hard against his appointment and continue to criticize his service. The debate over Justice Thomas’s Supreme Court nomi-nation was a debate over what kind of Justice should be appointed in Amer-ica. His opponents and critics want Justices who will interpret the Con-stitution as those particular Justices would have drafted it. In other words, they want a judiciary that is incon-sistent with liberty, a judiciary that will control the law rather than be con-trolled by the law. They are concerned more about power than about liberty. Thankfully, Justice Thomas is the kind of Justice that our liberty re-quires, and defending liberty is what he is doing for America and for each one of us. We have all passed by the Na-tional Archives building, which sits on Constitution Avenue just a few blocks from here. One of the statues in front bears the inscription, ‘‘Eternal vigi-lance is the price of liberty.’’ Justice Thomas is paying that price of vigi-lance. A Justice’s clerks, in a unique and special way, become a family. Justice Thomas’s clerks have become partners in America’s best law firms and profes-sors at her finest law schools, carrying with them the principles and lessons he taught about how to protect liberty. As I did 5 years ago when celebrating Jus-tice Thomas’s 20th anniversary, I asked some of his former clerks to send let-ters about the Justice. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that these letters be printed in the R
ECORD following my remarks. The principles of liberty established by America’s Founders are the same principles to which Clarence Thomas is deeply committed. But it is when those principles are fueled by personal char-acter, integrity, and brilliance that they become a powerful force that de-fines a nation and helps chart its fu-ture. On July 1, 1991, when President Bush announced that he was nominating Clarence Thomas to the Supreme Court, Clarence said that his grand-parents, his mother, and the nuns who taught him ‘‘were adamant that I grow up and make something of myself.’’ To my friend Clarence, I have to say that not only did you exceed all of those ex-pectations, but your service, character, and example are helping to make some-thing good out of the rest of us. Also, on a more personal note, the unexpected death of Justice Scalia has been a profound loss in many ways, in-cluding for his friend and colleague Clarence Thomas. On several different levels—personally, philosophically, even spiritually—they were close—fel-low travelers, if you will. Justice Scalia’s death is a great personal loss, but it also created a void that I am confident Justice Thomas is already filling in continuing to stand for the principles they mutually shared. A few months ago, Justice Thomas was the commencement speaker at Hillsdale College in Michigan. He cau-tioned that today there is more empha-sis on our rights and what we are owed than on our obligations and what we can give. He asked this question: ‘‘If we are not making deposits to replenish our liberties, then who is?’’ By his character and convictions, Clarence Thomas continues to make those deposits and maintain the vigi-lance necessary to replenish and pro-tect our liberty. America gave him much, and he is returning even more. As a personal friend of most of the Justices, but especially Clarence Thomas, he has far exceeded what many of us thought he would be able to do on the Court. I thought that he would be great and that he would do a great job as a Justice on the Supreme Court, but he has gone even beyond my expectations. He is a great Justice. He is a person of great quality, of great character, and great spirit. You cannot be around him very long without laughing and enjoying life. You can’t be around him very long without know-ing that this is one heck of a unique in-dividual—somebody who really de-serves to be on the Supreme Court, who has made a process of being a great Justice. I am proud of him. I am proud of what he has been able to do. I am proud of what he has become. I am proud of the growth that he continually makes in life. I have always been proud of Clarence Thomas, Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R ECORD , as follows: 
JUDICIAL CRISIS NETWORK , Washington, DC, September 16, 2016. Senator O
RRIN HATCH , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR HATCH : This year we cele-brate the twenty-fifth anniversary of Su-preme Court Justice Clarence Thomas’s con-firmation. His significance on the Court has often been underappreciated by commenta-tors and politicians alike. Justice Scalia’s outspokenness and Thomas’s silence at oral arguments may have captured the fancy of reporters who favor rhetorical flash over a quarter-century of studious opinions. But as Thomas moves into the most senior position among the Court’s conservatives, his influ-ence will soon become clearly recognizable. Thomas joined the Court after the 1991 Oc-tober Term had already begun. He had just spent the summer battling those who would do anything to ensure that Justice Thurgood Marshall could not be replaced by a conserv-ative African-American Justice. He won those battles, but he had a new challenge waiting for him at the Supreme Court. Whereas his new colleagues had had months to prepare for the Term’s cases, Thomas was thrown, metaphorically speak-ing, into the deep end. Or, as Thomas himself 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.037 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5979 September 22, 2016 
would describe it later, he was building his wagon as he was riding in it. But despite that initial disadvantage, Thomas made clear to his colleagues from his first week on the Court that he would mount a serious challenge to the liberal sta-tus quo. In the third case he heard, he shocked his colleagues by emerging as the lone dissenter. After his powerful dissent was circulated to the other justices, his position gained three additional votes. It wasn’t enough to change the outcome of that par-ticular case, but it made clear to the other justices that a new wind was blowing from an unexpected direction. Those outside the Courthouse’s marble walls were only rarely aware of Thomas’s in-fluence. For example, in one case in which he and Scalia were the only two dissenters, many in the press depicted Thomas as Scalia’s puppet. When internal records from the term were released decades later, how-ever, the truth became clear: Thomas started out as the lone dissenter in that case, and it was Scalia who had moved to join him As he had done before, time and again, Thomas was blazing his own trail. Thomas’s life experiences—a childhood lived under state-mandated racial segrega-tion and a society that punished federal judges who tried to enforce constitutional requirements of race neutrality—undergird his commitment to principled constitu-tionalism. He shares the Founders’ skep-ticism of untrammeled governmental power, as well as their belief that the Constitution keeps government from encroaching on our foundational liberties. And he recognizes that making the right decisions in the face of harsh criticism takes courage. So last Term Justice Thomas penned sev-eral opinions advancing a serious critique of the administrative state, the growing army of unelected bureaucrats who increasingly write laws that, at least under the Constitu-tion, are the sole responsibility of our elect-ed representatives in Congress. Even staunch originalists like Justice Scalia hadn’t taken on that behemoth. He makes decisions based on legal prin-ciples, not politics. That means that Thomas is just as willing to upholds laws he may consider wrong and strike down those he may like, voting to strike down even ‘‘con-servative’’ federal laws such as those regu-lating locally-grown and distributed mari-juana. He may like the policies behind those laws, but he doesn’t think the federal gov-ernment has the constitutional power to pass them in the first place. He also refuses to invent new law to reach ‘‘hard cases.’’ As he sees it, judges shouldn’t do damage control for lawmakers who don’t do a good job writing laws. Nor is it his job to edit the Constitution to fit his own views. He makes numerous ‘‘lib-eral’’ pro-defendant decisions that are dic-tated by the constitutional right to a jury trial or to confront one’s accusers. It’s not because he thinks those criminals are inno-cent; it’s because he takes seriously his oath to uphold the Constitution. I was privileged to clerk for Justice Thom-as nine years ago. While his judicial integ-rity and commitment to the Constitution are truly remarkable, his clerks most admire his personal integrity. His high standards helped us reach our own potential and his continued mentorship and guidance have truly made him a father figure to a growing clerk ‘‘family’’. Through him we learned how to wear the mantle of authority lightly, how to maintain humility and perspective in the face of adulation, and even how to stay the course with fortitude when faced with criti-cism and personal attack. As the Court prepares to change with Scalia’s successor, I predict that the impor-tance of Thomas’s calls for a courageous and principled constitutionalism will soon be recognized much more widely. Many who overlooked or downplayed the importance of his steady hand will soon begin to realize how significant he has been all along. Sincerely, C
ARRIE SEVERINO , Chief Counsel and Policy Director, Judicial Crisis Network. 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 16, 2016. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR HATCH : Twenty-five years ago, Justice Clarence Thomas took his seat as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. I had the privi-lege of serving as one of Justice Thomas’s first law clerks, during the Court’s October Term 1991. By now, Justice Thomas’s jurisprudence is apparent. He favors text over policy, original meaning over evolving standards, history over legislative history, rules over stand-ards, and getting it right over following precedent. He understands that the Constitu-tion limits the government in order to se-cure individual liberty. He further under-stands that maintaining our constitutional structure—including the separation of pow-ers and federalism—is critical to preserving that liberty. He broadly enforces the Con-stitution, but recognizes that it leaves ample room for citizens to govern themselves through democratic processes. In areas re-lated to race, he worries about the laws of unintended consequences, and his views are informed by his own remarkable experiences growing up in the segregated South. Even as early as 1991, much of this was al-ready becoming apparent. During his very first sitting, he was the sole dissenter in three different cases during the justices’ ini-tial voting. (I can tell this story because all of the pertinent information has already been disclosed.) Despite being a brand-new, 43-year-old justice, he never flinched at going it alone, and it never occurred to him to do anything other than call the balls and strikes exactly as he saw them. His positions in these three cases were eminently sensible: (1) if a capital defendant puts on mitigating evidence of good character, the prosecutor may respond with countervailing evidence that the defendant belonged to a white su-premacist prison gang; (2) state tort law, rather than the constitutional prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment, governs the routine mistreatment of prisoners; and (3) if a criminal defendant secures an acquit-tal on the ground of insanity, he may be civ-illy confined for as long as he remains dan-gerous. The first of these cases was ulti-mately decided by an 8–1 margin, the second by 7–2, and the third by 5–4. In the second and third cases, Justice Scalia switched his original vote from the majority to the dis-sent. So, while outside observers were specu-lating that Justice Thomas seemed to be re-flexively following Justice Scalia, in signifi-cant part it was Justice Scalia who was fol-lowing Justice Thomas. Another striking opinion from that year was Wright v. West. On a superficial level, the case involved an unusually narrow ques-tion about whether there was enough evi-dence to support a particular criminal con-viction. The lower court had said no, and the Justices unanimously said yes. Rather than simply reinstate the conviction, Justice Thomas wrote a long, scholarly opinion ex-plaining why it was wrong for a federal court to review the conviction at all without giv-ing respect to the views of the state court in which the defendant had been originally con-victed. His ambitious opinion fractured the Court into a 3–3–1–1–1 split. But, four years later, Congress codified his view in the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996, thereby fundamentally changing the law and practice of federal habeas cor-pus. Then there was United States v. Fordice, which involved the desegregation of public universities. The majority opinion, which Justice Thomas joined, contained much lofty rhetoric about the urgent need for desegrega-tion. At the same time, Justice Thomas wor-ried about harming historically black col-leges, and he wrote separately to urge their preservation: ‘‘It would be ironic, to say the least, if the institutions that sustained blacks during segregation were themselves destroyed in an effort to combat its vestiges.’’ Since that year, Justice Thomas has staked out strikingly original positions in a wide range of areas including the Commerce Clause, the non-delegation doctrine, federal war powers, deference to federal agencies, the Establishment Clause, retroactivity, im-plied preemption, race neutrality, and cross burning, to name only a few examples. With the loss of Justice Scalia, he is the Court’s only remaining originalist. While his views have not always garnered a majority, he has done more than any other Justice in the last half-century to lay out what the words of the Constitution meant to those who ratified it—and to show how far the current Court has strayed from that original under-standing. The Court has been, and will be, greatly enriched by his service. Sincerely, G
REGORY G. K ATSAS . 
MCLEAN, VIRGINIA , September 16, 2016. Re Celebrating Justice Thomas’s 25 Years of Service on the Supreme Court Hon. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATOR HATCH : As a lawyer who had the great fortune to serve as a law clerk to Justice Clarence Thomas during October Term 1992 on the Supreme Court, and as an American who cares deeply about the con-stitutional foundations of our Republic, I write with pleasure and gratitude to com-memorate the first 25 years of Justice Thom-as’s tenure as an Associate Justice. Through his dedicated and principled work on the Court, through his humble jurisprudence and worldview as a judge, and through his amaz-ing personal story and lifetime of experience and relationships, Justice Thomas has made a singularly historic and positive contribu-tion to the life of our Nation and to the leg-acy of the Court. Before offering my perspective on the last-ing impact of Justice Thomas’s first 25 years of service, let me say a word of tribute to the President who nominated him to the Court. The selection of Clarence Thomas to serve as Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States was one of the most con-sequential, world-improving decisions made by President George H.W. Bush during his term of office. I believe all Americans, of all backgrounds and all political persuasions, have benefited (probably far more than they realize) from the fact that Justice Thomas has occupied one of the nine seats on the Court’s bench since 1991. I also want to express my deep personal thanks to you, Senator Hatch, for the piv-otal role you played in securing the con-firmation of Justice Thomas in 1991. As a leader on the Judiciary Committee, you were the essential, stalwart champion in support of the nomination. I trust you take enor-mous pride in the legacy of Justice Thomas’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.023 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5980 September 22, 2016 
service on the Court and the gift to our country that you helped to bring about. 
THE MOST PERSONABLE AND AUTHENTIC JUSTICE  After emerging from the searing cauldron of his confirmation hearings, Justice Thom-as was often portrayed in the press as a wounded and brooding figure, quietly stew-ing in anger in the inner chambers of the Su-preme Court Building. Certainly anger would have been a natural and justifiable emotion for someone who suffered through a nation-ally televised inquisition and whose home had been picketed by activists who called him many things, including (astoundingly) ‘‘inauthentic.’’ The truth, however, is that this portrayal of the smoldering, angry, re-clusive Justice is the absolute opposite of re-ality. I would venture to say that few Justices in history have been more personable, acces-sible, and, yes, authentic. He is a good man, a warm and caring man, a Justice who takes the time and personal attention to become a real friend to everyone who works with him in the Supreme Court family. He is utterly open and candid with his life experiences. And what experiences they have been! From the abject poverty and racial suppres-sion of Pin Point, Georgia; to the up-by-the- bootstraps discipline of life with his self-suf-ficient grandfather, Myers Anderson; to the unwavering kindness and motivating strict-ness of the nuns of St. Benedict the Moor Grammar School; to the challenge of forging his own career path at Holy Cross, at Yale Law School, in the private sector, and with John Danforth; and finally to the Education Department and EEOC of the Reagan Admin-istration before his appointment as a judge on the court of appeals. Few of us can imag-ine what it took for him to navigate that ex-traordinary upward journey. But the mean-ing and value of those life experiences shine through in his smile, his warm hugs for friends in need, and his deep and generous laugh. And, of course, they animate his lov-ing marriage with Ginni. Justice Thomas’s life experiences also shine through in the way he opens his Cham-bers and his heart to all manner of school groups and other visitors eager to meet him and share in his life story. He may have set a record for the number of visitors to the Court, and these guests come to meet with him from all walks of life and from every corner of the United States. More than that, his life and personality come through in the way he approaches the drafting of Supreme Court opinions. From his first Term on the Court, and consistently today as a veteran Justice, he takes care to ensure that his opinions are written for the everyday American, so that the average per-son can understand the issues at play and the force and track of his reasoning. That has always been a top priority and objective in every case he handles. For me as his former law clerk, his exam-ple was and remains a true lesson in humil-ity—a lesson in how all of us who appear in the federal courts, whether as advocate or judge, should approach our roles humbly. Justice Thomas’s humility comes from the recognition that to participate in the law is to uphold a sacred trust, because our legal system is an essential part of the American experiment in self-government. And the Su-preme Court, as the paramount court in the United States, is the most important guard-ian of that trust. 
DEFENDER OF FREEDOM AND EQUAL JUSTICE  
UNDER LAW  True to this sacred trust, Justice Thomas brings an unwavering vigilance to the work of the Court. For him, every time the Court resolves a case, including in the way the Jus-tices reason through the issues, the Court af-fects the freedom and individual liberty of all Americans. In approaching his role on the Court, even in cases involving technical questions of statutory interpretation, just as in the most momentous decisions of con-stitutional law, Justice Thomas maintains a constant mindfulness that the Court can and should contribute to the preservation of free-dom and to the promotion of equal justice for all Americans. He is steadfastly attentive to the proper limits of the Court’s role as an interpreter of the law, rather than a creator of new legal norms, and to the opportunities the Court has to decide cases in ways that will preserve and vindicate the Founders’ original under-standing of our constitutional system and the true nature of the rights protected by the Constitution. He knows that remaining true to the originating vision of the Found-ers is the surest guarantee of liberty. I am not revealing some secret or non-public information. This vigilance is mani-fest in the words and structure of each opin-ion he authors, whether speaking for a ma-jority of the Court or in a separate concur-rence or dissent. Many of his influential opinions are di-rected at the judicial function itself. Federal judges are not elected, and once they are confirmed to lifetime appointments, they are not accountable to the people. That means that the most basic freedom of a self-gov-erning people to make policy choices through their elected representatives and to redirect the agenda of government at all lev-els according to the changing priorities of the popular will depends critically upon the discipline and consistency with which the ju-diciary honors its institutional limits. Thus, Justice Thomas has defended the po-litical freedom of the people by urging the courts to stick to clear, simple, and con-sistent principles of decision and to avoid using malleable balancing tests and multi- factor standards that allow judges to super-sede the will of the legislators with their own preferred policy outcomes. His concur-ring opinion in Holder v. Hall (1994), con-struing section 2 of the Voting Rights Act, is a model of such defense: ‘‘I can no longer ad-here to a reading of the Act that does not comport with the terms of the statute and that has produced such a disastrous mis-adventure in judicial policymaking.’’ Knowing that the Constitution, not the niceties of stare decisis, is the true bastion of the people’s liberty, Justice Thomas has often been the lone voice urging the Court to return to the foundational understanding of the Constitution’s great clauses and to cast aside decades of misguided judicial gloss. He is the only Justice on the current Court call-ing for a complete course correction back to the original meaning of the Commerce Clause, which has become, as reinterpreted by the Court, the prime springboard for the runaway growth of the federal government. In voting with the Court to protect an indi-vidual’s right to keep and bear arms against abridgment by a municipal government in McDonald v. City of Chicago (2010), he was also the only Justice who actively urged the restoration of the Privileges or Immunities Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to its rightful place as the surest bulwark against the suppression of fundamental liberties by the States. Justice Thomas’s allegiance to the text and original meaning of the Constitution has often led him to assert broader, bolder, and less compromising protection for the guaran-tees enshrined in the Bill of Rights. He has been among the staunchest upholders of the First Amendment on the Court and has con-sistently urged full protection for commer-cial speech, free from judge-made balancing tests. And he has joined Justice Scalia and others to reestablish the force and impera-tive of the Confrontation Clause as a funda-mental protection for criminal defendants. With similar boldness, Justice Thomas has refused to compromise in pursuing the goal of equal treatment under the law for all Americans. He knows well that despite the best of intentions, government only exacer-bates prejudice and inequality when it per-sists in granting preferences or imposing dis-advantages on the basis of race. And he be-lieves that such programs are inconsistent with the colorblind commands of the Four-teenth Amendment. As he wrote in his concurrence in Adarand Constructors v. Pena (1995), ‘‘Purchased at the price of immeasurable human suffering, the equal protection principle reflects our Nation’s understanding that such classifica-tions ultimately have a destructive impact on the individual and our society.’’ In his un-derstanding of the Constitution, ‘‘there can be no doubt that racial paternalism and its unintended consequences can be as poisonous and pernicious as any other form of discrimi-nation,’’ since it ‘‘teaches many that because of chronic and apparently immutable handi-caps, minorities cannot compete with them without their patronizing indulgence. Inevi-tably, such programs engender attitudes of superiority or, alternatively, provoke resent-ment among those who believe that they have been wronged by the government’s use of race.’’ THE MOST COURAGEOUS JUSTICE  Justice Thomas’s plea for a colorblind Con-stitution is just one example of what may be his most distinguishing quality as a judge: the courage of his conviction. He showed that courage from his first days on the Court when he wrote fearless opinions as the lone dissenter on hot-button issues, like the application of the Eighth Amend-ment to the treatment of prisoners in state institutions in Hudson v. McMillian (1992). When, in reaction, the New York Times re-flexively labeled him the ‘‘cruelest Justice,’’ many of us knew that he was actually the most courageous. This flame of courage has continued to burn steadily over the past 25 years. It was burning bright in Graham v. Collins in 1993 when he concluded that the ‘‘miti-gating circumstances’’ prong of the Court’s death penalty jurisprudence invited capital juries to engage in the same unbounded and potentially irrational and discriminatory sentencing judgments that the Court first condemned in Furman v. Georgia (1972): ‘‘Any determination that death is or is not the fitting punishment for a particular crime will necessarily be a moral one, whether made by a jury, a judge, or a legislature. But beware the word ‘moral’ when used in an opinion of this Court. This word is a vessel of nearly infinite capacity—just as it may allow the sentencer to express benevolence, it may allow him to cloak latent animus. A judgment that some will consider a ‘moral response’ may secretly be based on caprice or even outright prejudice. When our review of death penalty procedures turns on whether jurors can give ‘full mitigating effect’ to the defendant’s background and character, and on whether juries are free to disregard the State’s chosen sentencing criteria and return a verdict that a majority of this Court will label ‘moral,’ we have thrown open the back door to arbitrary and irrational sentencing.’’ His courage was also on display in Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow in 2004, where Justice Thomas had the temerity to suggest that the Establishment Clause may not protect an individual right and may not be incorporated fully against the States through the Fourteenth Amendment—a proposition often raised by respected law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.025 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5981 September 22, 2016 
professors but shunned as anathema by the modern Court. And this courage flamed again in 2009 in Northwest Austin Municipal Utility District Number One v. Holder when Justice Thomas was the first Member of the Court to reach the conclusion that section 5 of the Voting Rights Act is no longer constitutionally sus-tainable as a countermeasure for a historical pattern of voter discrimination and dis-enfranchisement in the covered States. Many of us (including me) will not agree with every position Justice Thomas has es-poused in his opinions. But all of us, I be-lieve, should recognize and respect the con-viction with which he approaches his duties on the Court and the boldness and courage he has consistently exhibited in voicing his con-victions. We live in times today when the courage of conviction is in short supply among our lead-ers but is most needed by our Nation. We are therefore blessed, indeed, that courage and conviction have full expression on the Su-preme Court of the United States through the voice of Justice Thomas. Thank you, Senator Hatch, for giving me the opportunity to share my thoughts on the important contributions of Justice Thomas to our Nation and to the Supreme Court on the historic 25th anniversary of his appoint-ment as Associate Justice. Respectfully submitted, S
TEVEN GILLBRADBURY . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. 
f 
LOUISIANA FLOODS Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I rise again today to bring attention to the devastating floods in my State of Lou-isiana, which are now being called the Great Flood of 2016. In a matter of a few days, 7.1 million gallons of rain fell on Louisiana—more than fell during Hurricane Katrina. The flooding that resulted caused $8.7 billion in damages to homes and businesses. A flood event of this magnitude is such a low probability that it is called a thousand-year flood. To put this in perspective—just statistically—the last time a flood of this magnitude would have occurred in this area would have been 500 years before Christopher Co-lumbus discovered the Americas. It is hard to comprehend, but this chart may help. We all know of the devastation caused by Hurricane Sandy and of Katrina, Rita, and Wilma in 2005. This is from the 1871 Chicago fire. This is the fifth largest disaster after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. In the last 100 years, the 2016 Louisiana flood is the third largest disaster in American history. The National Hurricane Center was not able to warn us for this. They said that rain is going to start. It started to rain, and the next day there was flood-ing. Most folks who were flooded had never been flooded before. They were living in areas that they were told were not at risk for flooding. The first parishes did not have time to evacuate or to prepare. Here you can see a family being helped out by volun-teers. In the back, you see what is called a high-water vehicle. It doesn’t flood out, but it is a single vehicle. There were as many as 30,000 folks evacuated from their homes by what was called the ‘‘Cajun Navy’’—Ameri-cans helping Americans get out. By the way, this is a residential street. This is a neighborhood in which you can see the street itself flooded. This family’s belongings are now piled up on the side of a road. They escaped with the bags they hold. This is one family. So far, 144,000 people have ap-plied for individual assistance through FEMA. I suggest that these people need to know their fellow Americans care about them. Just as important for communities, small businesses were hit too. According to the local newspaper, 12,000 small businesses in the area flooded have been out of commission because of the flood. This is from Denham Springs. It is a town right across the Amite River from East Baton Rouge Parish. You see every-thing they are selling piled up on the side of the road. Of course, this is trag-ic for the business, but think about the community. The National Flood Insur-ance Program estimates that 40 per-cent of small businesses that flood never recover and never go back into business. This is tragic not just for the busi-ness owner but also for the people whom she employees because you have just destroyed the job and the oppor-tunity for everyone whom she does em-ploy. It is one thing to look at statistics and to look at the huge scope of this disaster, but I return to the fact that it is a disaster affecting individuals and affecting families—people who have lost everything. When I say ‘‘every-thing’’—they still have their life, but the floodwaters have now receded. You would say: Wait, how can floodwaters have receded if we still have a home under which there is obviously a lot of water? This flood was so devastating. There is a community called Cypress Point in the French Settlement. The homes were built far above the base flood ele-vation. They were told they were not at risk of flooding. The floodwaters rose, though, to 46 feet above flood level, and they ripped out the ground beneath the homes. What you are look-ing at used to be ground beneath the home. Now the river has taken away the bank, and these homes are sitting in a river. Ten of these homes are being con-demned, and there is a certain kind of bitterness these folks must feel. First, they didn’t think they were going to flood. If they want to come back and put supports under their home, they will have to get an Army Corps of En-gineers permit to do that. If their home falls into the river—and it looks like that could happen—they have to pay to remove their home from that river. They are going to be caught coming and going. Again, these homes are built above the base flood elevation. This is Dorothy Brooks. Dorothy is 78. She is being rescued. She is wheel-chair-bound. Here is Sergeant Thomas Wheeler of the Tangipahoa Parish Sheriff’s Office carrying her out. Doro-thy did not have time to get out on her own. You can still see rain falling, even though water is up to about 3 or 4 feet. Many seniors like Dorothy were able to return to their home, but due to their age, they could not rip it out. If your home is flooded to 4 feet, you have to go around and physically take the sheetrock and the insulation out that is behind the carpet and the wood floors. If not, mold comes in. Here is a tragic example of it. Roy and Vera Rodney are both in their eighties. They had 4 inches of water in their home. The FEMA inspector told them that it was habitable. So they were denied repairs and rental assist-ance, but they didn’t have any family nearby. They couldn’t gut their house. They couldn’t repair it. So the water- damaged carpet, furniture, and belong-ings stayed, and, predictably, mold ap-peared. They could no longer live there. They evacuated. They weren’t there to let volunteers in to rip it out. Now they have mold throughout their home, and it is uninhabitable. Because they couldn’t get the aid they needed, cost of recovery grew with time. If there is a metaphor here, it is this. If you are unable to get the aid when needed, the cost of recovery grows with time. Roy and Vera were not required to purchase flood insurance. They lived in zone X. Zone X is thought to be at such low risk of flooding that flood in-surance is not required. By the way, that is a huge factor in flooding. About 80 percent of the homes that were flooded did not have flood in-surance—not because they didn’t pur-chase it on purpose when they were told to but because they were told they lived in low-risk areas for flooding where flood insurance was not re-quired. I will say that is why Federal aid is so critical. We have thousands of fami-lies completely caught off guard, un-prepared—through no fault of their own—by a freak of nature, a thousand- year flood. They are now struggling to pick up the pieces. They are trying to make the decision: Do I stay and re-build, or do I just move on? Families, businesses, Louisiana need help. I ask that we pass this funding bill quickly. People are hurting; people need help. Some look at this picture and just see debris. This may be Youngsville, a community I visited, but it could be any community. I would say that is not debris. That is a wedding dress that was saved for 20 years. It is picture al-bums, children’s toys, clothes to go to work, textbooks, and memorabilia. It is their life, piled up the road. I am thankful that Senate leadership has put what they are calling a down payment on the continuing resolution. This reassures families that their fel-low Americans care and that they can rebuild and prosper, but we are not through yet. Helping each other is a fundamental American value. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.026 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5982 September 22, 2016 
I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to support this legisla-tion—to help families faced with losing their homes and losing everything, to help folks pick up the pieces and put their lives back together. To Ameri-cans across the country, call your Sen-ator and ask them to support Dorothy, Ray, and Vera. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. 
f 
PRESCRIPTION OPIOID AND HER-OIN EPIDEMIC AWARENESS WEEK Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, in rec-ognition of Prescription Opioid and Heroin Epidemic Awareness Week, I am here to convey the urgency of re-sponding to this crisis. We are coming to the point of no re-turn in this national discussion of opioid addiction. Between 2013 and 2015, the United States saw an increase of more than 8,000 percent in the amount of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl seized by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. Wait; it gets worse. The Massachu-setts State Police Crime Laboratory tells my office that from 2013 to 2015, the number of items seized by law en-forcement that tested positive for fentanyl increased by 10,000 percent. We are watching as this category 5 hur-ricane is making landfall. Unless we do something to stop it, we will watch fentanyl lay waste to community after community all across the United States of America. Fentanyl is the Godzilla of opioids. It is stronger, it is deadly, and it is coming to every fam-ily in our country unless we do some-thing now. Between 2013 and 2014, more than 700 deaths in the United States were at-tributed to fentanyl and its compo-nents. That is for the whole country, but according to the Massachusetts De-partment of Public Health, as of last month, unintentional opioid overdose deaths in my State since January have skyrocketed. From January to the end of June, there were 488 confirmed cases of fentanyl overdose opioid deaths in my own State alone. There were only 700 deaths in the whole country from fentanyl between 2013 and 2014. Fentanyl has now been confirmed in two-thirds of all of the overdosed deaths in Massachusetts so far this year. It was 57 percent of the deaths last year in 2015 and now it is up to 66 percent of the deaths. Many drug users overdose on fentanyl because they have no idea it is mixed into whatever substance they are injecting or whatever pills they are swallowing. They do not realize how deadly it is. It also poses a serious threat to the men and women who are first to respond to the scene of an over-dose. If the powder is absorbed into the skin or accidentally inhaled, it can be deadly, making our first responders es-pecially vulnerable to the drug’s harm-ful effects. Just last week, 11 members of a SWAT team fell ill after a bust in Connecticut where they encountered deadly fentanyl. We know Mexico and China are the primary sources of illicit fentanyl and for the chemical building blocks from which it is made and then trafficked into the United States. The business model for those who manufacture and sell fentanyl is simple: fentanyl is cheaper, more potent, and more addict-ive than heroin. We must make stopping the traf-ficking of fentanyl into the United States from Mexico and China one of our highest foreign policy priorities. We must elevate it up to what we are trying to put together as a plan to fight ISIS. We must put it up there with a plan to ensure that we protect our jobs from copyright or trade in-fringement. We must elevate this im-portation of fentanyl to the very high-est level of foreign policy concern in our country. I was pleased to see reports of recent cooperation between the United States and China in combating fentanyl traf-ficking, including a commitment by China to target U.S.-bound exports of substances controlled in the United States and an agreement to increase the exchange of law enforcement and scientific information that can lead to coordinated actions to control sub-stances and chemicals of concern. We are improving information shar-ing on heroin and fentanyl between our government and Mexico. Next month, Mexico, Canada, and the United States will meet for a North American drug dialogue and focus on commitments to develop a North American approach to combatting illicit opioids, including fentanyl and its precursor chemicals and analogs, but there is so much more we must do. Fentanyl is an overseas in-vader of a different kind, but it is equally deadly. We must continue to elevate the fight against fentanyl and make it one of our highest national and international priorities. I have introduced a Senate resolution calling for cooperation to stop the traf-ficking of illicit fentanyl from over-seas. It is a bipartisan resolution with the support of Senator R
UBIO, and I thank my friend Senator S
HAHEEN for cosponsoring this legislation as well. Our resolution expresses the sense of the Senate that the U.S. Government and the Governments of Mexico and China have a shared interest in and re-sponsibility for stopping the traf-ficking of fentanyl into the United States, and all three countries should develop joint actions to attain that goal. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor this resolution and to recognize the grave seriousness of the challenge il-licit fentanyl poses to our country and to make stopping the trafficking of that drug into the United States a na-tional priority. Let’s be clear. Stopping the over-prescription of opioid pain medication that is fueling addiction to heroin and fentanyl and countless overdoses starts with the prescribers. We need to re-quire anyone who prescribes opioid pain medication and other controlled substances to undergo mandatory training on safe prescribing practices and the identification of possible sub-stance use disorders. We need to make sure people who enter the judicial sys-tem don’t arbitrarily have their Med-icaid coverage terminated, making it more difficult to access treatment once they are released and thereby fueling the vicious cycle of reincarceration. We need to make sure all opioids ap-proved by the Food and Drug Adminis-tration are first reviewed by inde-pendent experts to ensure that those drugs are not only safe and effective but also will not continue to fuel the epidemic of addiction in this country. We need to make sure prescription drug monitoring programs are fully utilized and nationally interoperable in order to prevent doctor shopping, where one doctor doesn’t know another doctor has already prescribed a medi-cation or a person moves from one State to another State with multiple doctors prescribing the same prescrip-tion drugs. That must end. We must let Big Pharma know their army of lobbyists will be matched by an army of advocates who work every day to raise awareness and save lives. In Boston, there is an area of our city called the Methadone Mile. It is ap-proximately 1 square mile. It is the lo-cation of methadone clinics, safety-net hospitals, and homeless shelters. It is also home to those struggling and re-ceiving treatment for addiction and the litany of saints and angels who are pro-viding the desperately needed services for those suffering from mental health and substance abuse disorders. It is a 1 mile, one-stop shop for hope and ground zero in the battle against addic-tion in Boston. Here in Washington, we are at the epicenter of the Money Mile. It is both an area where Big Pharma’s lobbyists toil with the task of ensuring that even during this storm of prescription drug, heroin, and fentanyl overdose deaths, the deluge of prescriptions for opioid- based painkillers goes unabated. Ac-cording to a story that came out this week from the Associated Press and Center for Public Integrity, the phar-maceutical industry spent more than $880 million nationwide on lobbying and campaign contributions from 2006 through 2015. That is more than eight times what even the NRA and the gun lobby recorded for activities during that time period. When pitted against the Money Mile, the Methadone Mile doesn’t stand a chance. The Money Mile and its army of Big Pharma lob-byists are the reason mandatory pre-scriber education is not the law. It is the reason the Food and Drug Adminis-tration has been complicit in many in-stances in the worsening of this epi-demic. Without real funding for opioid addiction treatment, the Methadone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.039 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5983 September 22, 2016 
Mile and all the other areas in cities across the country will continue to drown in overdoses and deaths. Our cit-ies are fighting a war, and we need to help them. Throughout Massachusetts, people are growing angrier and angrier by the day. They are frustrated by Congress’s lack of response to this, and frankly so am I. The deaths caused by this epi-demic are growing exponentially every single year, but the only thing that outpaces those deaths are the empty promises of funding made by this Con-gress. I believe history will judge this Congress by how we responded to the prescription drug, heroin, and fentanyl epidemic that is devastating this coun-try. We have little more than 100 days left in this Congress to do the right thing—100 days to show the American people that partisan politics will not impede our responsibility to respond to what may ultimately become the greatest public health crisis of the 21st century in the United States. The U.S. Congress has an opportunity to let all those who are struggling with addiction know we have heard their stories, help is on the way, and we will not forget them. We must let them know that no matter how dark life seems right now, there is hope, and sunlight will grace them once again. Treatment works, recovery is possible, but this Congress must provide the funding for that treatment and recov-ery. We must fund the $1.1 billion the President is asking for the opioid crisis in our country. We can no longer turn a blind eye or a deaf ear to that re-quest. Families all across our country des-perately need this help. There is a ter-rorist that is across the streets of every city and town in our country, and it is this opioid epidemic. It is a terrorist that is more deadly for those families in America than anything that is going on in Aleppo. It kills 30,000 people a year, and the numbers are growing on the streets of our country. We know what the cause of it is. We know more treatment is needed for those who are already affected. It is the responsibility of this Congress to provide that funding. As we now talk about a continuing resolution, the Republicans still refuse to talk about funding for this opioid crisis. If we do not deal with this issue, we do not deal with the public health crisis on the streets of our country right now. I urge every Member, regardless of party, to listen to the families of this country, listen to those who are suf-fering, need help, and are looking to us to give them the assistance they need. These family members are heroes, but heroes need help. They are turning to us, and so far we have not given them the help or the treatment and recovery programs they need. At this point, I yield back the re-mainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask to be recognized to speak in morning busi-ness. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is recognized. f 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, first of all, as to the news that has already been reported today, there is a broader issue about funding the government that remains in play with some issues, and there has been back and forth about that which will continue. I want to specifically talk about one of the provisions involved in this; that is, the funding for Zika. My colleagues know I have been discussing this issue for quite some time over the last few months as it has spread. Let’s start with the United States. Across the U.S. territory, there are now close to 20,000 cases of Zika. There are over 3,300 infections in the main-land of the United States; 867 of them are in Florida and 90 were transmitted locally, meaning it happened in the State. There are 89 infections in Flor-ida involving pregnant women. There are 85 infections now among U.S. serv-icemembers, two of whom are preg-nant. There are 21 dependents of U.S. servicemembers infected with Zika, and one of them is pregnant. This is an issue that continues to grow in ur-gency, and it has taken far too long for Congress to act. As I have said repeat-edly, both parties are to blame that we are at this point. What I am more optimistic about is the fact that we have reached a bipar-tisan agreement to fund the Federal Government’s response to this virus, and it is a $1.1 billion package. There is $15 million specifically targeted for States with local transmissions, and so far Florida is the only State that has local transmissions. It also includes $16 million specifically for territories like the Island of Puerto Rico, which has had the highest number of affected American citizens, and that is by far. It is not even close. So next week when we come back, we are expected to vote on these anti-Zika resources, and it is going to be part of the larger bill to fund the Federal Gov-ernment beyond September 30. I know that some of those other issues have yet to be worked out. There will be some extensive debate about some of the issues remaining, but this provi-sion is an important part of this, and it has to be a part of the final package as we send it over to the House. I will begin by laying this out today in the hopes that not just my col-leagues in the Senate will support the funding mechanism for Zika but also to begin to speak to some of our House colleagues about how important it is that we get the anti-Zika funding passed. Passing this funding will enable this money to begin to flow to help those who are being hurt by the virus but also so that medical researchers can focus on developing a vaccine with-out having to worry about their re-sources drying up. I think this package that has been put together in a bipartisan way right-fully prioritizes funding for Americans in Puerto Rico and Florida, and I am encouraged that our repeated calls for action on their behalf are beginning to be answered. I think that as we go through some of the details of it here, as some of it becomes public and as we go through some of the issues, I know people are going to care about it. This anti-Zika funding provides $1.1 billion. By the way, the Senate already passed the $1.1 billion provision—I be-lieve back in May—so the Senate has already acted on this once. This is kind of revisiting this issue, but it is impor-tant. We are going to have to lead the way on how this is structured. Among the provisions, there is al-most $400 million for mosquito control and surveillance. That is money which will go to the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention and to do things like support vector controls, technical assistance for States, as well as inter-national response activities. Of this amount, by the way, $44 million is to reimburse States for public health emergency preparedness funding that was transferred for Zika response ac-tivities. There is about $400 million for vac-cine and diagnostic development through the National Institutes of Health and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority. This is strictly related to research for Zika, vaccine development, and the commercialization of diagnostic tests. It is hard to get a test for Zika now. A couple of weeks ago, someone whom I know well could not find a place to do the test because there is not a commer-cially available one that is widely available. It provides about $75 million to reim-burse health care providers in States and U.S. territories that have active Zika transmission, for those without private health insurance. That includes $40 million for community health cen-ters in Puerto Rico and U.S. terri-tories, $6 million for the National Health Services Corps in Puerto Rico, and $20 million for maternal and child health special projects of regional and national significance in Puerto Rico and the U.S. territories. It requires a spending plan of not later than 30 days after this act is passed, so it has oversight, and it pro-vides about $1 million for oversight ac-tivities just to make sure the money is being appropriately targeted. This funding also includes about $175 million to support response efforts re-lated to the Zika virus—for example, our diplomatic and consular programs; $14 million to address the Zika virus abroad, including our own personnel. For emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service, we include about $4 million to support potential costs of evacuating U.S. citizens from Zika-af-fected countries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.051 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5984 September 22, 2016 
There is $1 million to enable financ-ing of $1.9 million in repatriation loans to U.S. citizens who are seeking to leave a Zika-affected area outside of the United States or who have been ex-posed to or contracted Zika. As part of the global health pro-grams, there is another $145 million to support the ability of infected coun-tries to implement vector management and control programs to reduce the transmission of the virus. This is im-portant because a lot of the cases we are seeing are coming from other coun-tries. The virus has taken off in places like Brazil and other places, and when we have U.S. visitors to those places, ultimately what we are finding is that some people infected by Zika abroad are trying to come into the United States, even if they come in poten-tially on a tourist visa or what have you. So part of this effort is to control it abroad so it doesn’t ultimately spread and reach here. There is a lot, as I said, that is com-plex. There are a lot of funds available. The good news is that it is being tar-geted in the right direction. The good news for Florida is that as the only State so far that has had a global transmission of Zika, we have included $15 million, which I think will be in-credibly helpful for Florida. So I urge my colleagues—we have all come at this from a different perspec-tive. There were a lot of other issues in play and a lot of political rhetoric sur-rounding this, but I think we have reached the point where, at least when it comes to Zika, we can rally around the proposal that is before us. It is as good as we are going to get given the time constraints we face, and we have waited far too long. We cannot leave here on September 30, next week, with-out moving something forward, and I think this gives us the best chance to get it done. I urge my colleagues to support it as we go into the new week, and I urge the House Members to look at this and rally around it. We have to take action on this once and for all. This gives us the best chance of success. I am cautiously optimistic that we are going to be able to get this done over here. I say ‘‘cautiously’’ because I want people at home to understand that this provision for Zika is part of a much bigger product that involves funding the Federal Government, and there are all sorts of other issues that are still being debated. As we heard the minority leader and others who have already spoken today—I read it in the press—they are not big fans of the proposal that is on the table. There are broader issues at play that could potentially derail Zika, issues that have nothing to do with Zika funding. There are other issues being debated that could derail funding for Zika that have nothing to do with Zika but involve some of these other issues associated with the funding of the government. This is important enough for us to move forward. I don’t think anyone wants to see a government shutdown, of course, but beyond that, I think we have to get moving on this funding. We have heard loud and clear that this has taken far too long. Let me say that if this money doesn’t start flowing—because I have been really hard on the administration about spending the money that is al-ready available to them, but now I can tell you that money is slowly dwin-dling. Here is the fact: If we don’t get something done over the next few days, the research on the vaccines and other things are going to stop and come to a grinding halt. If we want to save money on Zika, if we want to save money on this issue once and for all, develop a vaccine. That is what needs to happen. That can’t happen if the funding is being threatened or if the funding is not something they can count on to move forward. Also, these local governments and municipalities and the State of Florida have already expended signifi-cant amounts of money to deal with this issue, including the mosquito con-trol efforts. So that is important. These cases are going to happen whether we fund it or not. That is why I wanted us to do this in April and in May and June and in July. It took too long. Here is where we are now. Better late than never. Let’s get this done as soon as possible so that we can give as-surance to our people back home that the Federal Government has stepped up and their elected representatives have done their job to deal with this issue once and for all. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, today I rise to address an issue vital to the future of our country and to the future of our planet: climate change. When President Kennedy told the Na-tion that we would land a man on the Moon by the end of the 1960s, he said: 
We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard . . . because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win. 
It was an ambitious goal—one that many believed was beyond reach. The technology was not all in place. But on July 20, 1969, America and the entire world watched Neil Armstrong take one giant leap for mankind and become the first human to walk on the Moon. It was a powerful moment. We achieved President Kennedy’s vision. We accom-plished the improbable. We accom-plished what many people thought was impossible because America and the American people are known for over-coming great challenges and achieving the impossible and because we set an ambitious goal that inspired us to push past the limits of what we had pre-viously thought achievable. Now we have to do it again. But whether we are looking out to the Moon or out to the stars, we have to focus here on spaceship Earth and save our planet from catastrophic cli-mate change. We have to move quickly because to save our planet—our beau-tiful, blue-green planet—we have to keep it from warming more than 2 de-grees Celsius, which is 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit. The planet has already warmed nearly 1 degree Celsius since we started burning fossil fuels, and we are running out of time. Moreover, despite growing attention and growing concern around the world, humankind’s production of global warming gas is still increasing rather than decreasing. We are in a race against time, and at this moment, we are losing that race. We need immediate, bold action. That is why in the upcoming months I will introduce a plan that challenges our Nation to transition to 100 percent clean and renewable energy by the year 2050—a plan referred to as 100 by 50. The 100 by 50 plan will set a goal of having no more than 50 percent of our country’s energy come from fossil fuels by 2030 and a complete phaseout of en-ergy from fossil fuels by the year 2050. There will be those who, as with President Kennedy’s challenge, will say that is beyond reach, but we already have in hand the vast majority of the technology needed to meet this chal-lenge. We need market incentives that will dramatically accelerate the intro-duction and deployment of these tech-nologies. We need a continued effort to improve the affordability and effi-ciency of these technologies. Like going to the Moon, this has to be a challenge that our generation is will-ing to accept, unwilling to postpone, and that we intend to win. Climate change is here, and it is al-ready having devastating impacts on our world. We can observe climate change in many different ways, through temperature readings of the planet, through the measuring of car-bon dioxide which drives temperature increases, and we can see it through the changing, damaging facts on the ground, from glaciers to fire seasons, to droughts, to rising sea levels. Consider this. Since May of 2015, each and every month has set a new tem-perature record—the hottest May of 2015, hotter than any May ever re-corded; June of 2015, hotter than any June ever recorded; July of 2015, hotter than any July ever recorded and so forth, 16 months in a row. As NASA has recently announced, August of this year, 2016, has tied July of this year, 2016, as the hottest month ever re-corded, not just the hottest July, not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.052 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5985 September 22, 2016 
just the hottest August, not just the hottest months of the year but the two hottest months ever recorded on our planet. To put that into context, global temperatures in August were almost a full degree Celsius above the 20th cen-tury average, well on the way to reach-ing that 2-degree threshold that sci-entists refer to as a threshold for cata-strophic consequences. It isn’t that catastrophic consequences start just when we reach 2 degrees. We can al-ready see the facts on the ground, and we can already see the carbon dioxide that is driving temperature is con-tinuing to rise steadily. We know carbon dioxide pollution that is spewing into the air from burn-ing fossil fuels is driving those tem-peratures. That is because, as we burn more fossil fuel and emit more carbon dioxide, the carbon dioxide traps the heat on our planet’s surface and global temperatures rise higher and higher. You can see that pattern going back hundreds and thousands of years. You can also see it just looking at the time from 1959 until now. We have increased substantially the amount of carbon dioxide from 320 parts per million to now we have bro-ken 400 parts per million. During that time, temperatures have risen steadily just copying that carbon dioxide level, just as it has over hundreds of thou-sands of years before. What we also see is that in this black line, which are the carbon dioxide lev-els, we see the slope is going upward, meaning that the rate of humankind pollution is increasing, not decreasing. Not so long ago, scientists said we must curtail the pollution of the planet at 350 parts per million. That is down here, 350 parts. We are no longer there. We passed that level quite a while ago in the late 1980s, and here we are at 400, steadily going up. So we see it in the temperatures, the hottest months ever on record for 16 months in a row, we see it in the car-bon dioxide, but we can see it wherever we travel in this country through the facts on the ground. Take my home State of Oregon. Our fire season is now 60 days longer than it was 40 years ago, with ever greater acreage being burned. Just this sum-mer, we saw two wildfires—the Cherry Road and Rail Fires—burn more than 100 square miles of land. Another exam-ple, warmer winter months failing to kill the pine beetles, magnifying their destructive infestations. On the coast of Oregon, we see the rising acidity of the Pacific Ocean, the level 30 percent higher than it was before we started burning coal, gas, and oil 150 years ago. That was before the industrial revolu-tion. It is making it much harder for the oyster to be able to reproduce and to form shells in those first few days of life. Now, we may wonder, what does ocean acidity have to do with global warming? Here is the situation. The carbon dioxide we are putting into the air—much of it is being absorbed by the ocean. The amount that is left is the amount you saw on the chart just a moment ago, but the amount the ocean absorbs becomes carbonic acid. The ocean is so vast, it is almost un-imaginable that there could be enough carbon dioxide that we are putting into the air to be absorbed by the ocean to create carbonic acid to create this acidity level, but that is exactly what has happened. If the shells of our oys-ters are being affected, what else is being affected in the food chain? For example, what about the impact on coral reefs? Obviously, it is not just Oregon that is feeling the impact. Every State we go to, we can find an impact of facts on the ground. We see communities all along the East Coast, from Key West and Miami to Wilmington, NC, Annap-olis, New York, experiencing sunny-day flooding because of rising sea levels. We have watched the glaciers of Gla-cier National Park dwindle from 150 in 1910 to just 25 today. As with the pine beetles, warmer weather is great for ticks, and out-of- control tick populations are killing moose in Minnesota and New Hamp-shire. The lobsters of Maine are moving north. That is not all. It is like the 10 plagues in ancient Egypt—more dev-astating droughts, more powerful floods, fiercer storms. It is a direct as-sault on rural America, a direct assault on our fishing, forestry, and farming, and that matters. It matters for rural America and it matters for urban America. Our Earth is changing at lightning speed right before our eyes. We can evaluate this change through tempera-ture records. We can evaluate it through the recording of carbon diox-ide levels. We can evaluate it through the facts on the ground, and it is all going to get much worse, year by year. So there is no time to wait. To save our planet, we must move quickly. We must move forward to end the burning of fossil fuels and to do so in a short period of time. We must completely transform our energy system. In the first half of 2016, roughly 60 percent of our Nation’s total energy output came from burning fossil fuel. The good news there is, we already have made a significant reduction, if you will, of the total energy picture. There is a lot of clean and renewable energy we are producing, but we have so much further to go. On these bar charts, what we are see-ing in red is the amount of energy in different sectors: residential, commer-cial, industrial, and transportation in the generation of electricity. The red is what is being produced by fossil fuels, and the green represents what is being produced by clean or renewable energy. These red bars have to go. We need to transform them completely and do so to the green bar, renewable and clean energy, by 2050. This goal is achievable, but it is going to take enormous political cour-age. Those vested deeply in the fossil fuel economy will—for their personal profit, their company’s profit—try to hold on to the fossil fuel energy econ-omy. It will not matter to them that they are destroying the planet, but it should certainly matter to every single Senator who serves in the U.S. Senate and every Member of the House. We are responsible. We are responsible to take on this challenge. The first thing we should do, because it is a fabulously effective tool, is put a fee on carbon. A fee on carbon drives our economy to eliminate carbon in the most cost-effective ways, unleashing a torrent of technology, the development of technology in the best possible, cost-effective way to turn these red bars into green bars. We have seen this work before. We applied this strategy to sulfur dioxide, and the result was that with less ex-pense and less time than anyone imag-ined, we were able to tackle that prob-lem, and what works for sulfur dioxide works for carbon dioxide. The impact on the price of carbon will be imme-diate and substantial. One of the rea-sons is, we already have significant, powerful technologies that will be mo-bilized by such a carbon fee. Let’s examine some of the major en-ergy sectors, starting with electricity. The potential electricity we could gen-erate in the United States from just wind and solar is over 120 times the amount of electricity currently gen-erated from fossil fuels. This is the amount of energy currently generated in electricity from fossil fuels. This large green sphere is the potential en-ergy—the theoretical potential en-ergy—from solar and wind. So we have a lot to work with. Here is more good news. Solar and wind energy has grown increasingly af-fordable in recent years. For instance, photovoltaic solar panels produced electricity at 39 cents per kilowatt hour in 2009. That is up here. In 2014, it was 8 cents per kilowatt hour, an al-most fivefold reduction. We see in com-munities and cities all across the coun-try, businesses and homes with solar panels on their rooftops. We start to see businesses putting up arrays, not just on rooftops but sometimes in their yards. Those declining costs matter. If you put a carbon fee on top of it, you drive that deployment. Over the same period, the cost of wind was cut by more than half, from 14 cents per kilowatt hour to 6 cents per kilowatt hour. In the 2 years since the 2014 numbers, the story has contin-ued to be one of declining costs. Those declining costs, together with Federal tax credits, have resulted in a rapid growth in wind and solar energy de-ployment. Let’s take a look at the solar side. We have on the red line the declining cost per kilowatt hour of solar energy and on the blue bars the increasing de-ployment of solar energy. That is pret-ty dramatic, rapid drops in costs, rapid increase in deployment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.054 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5986 September 22, 2016 
We see the same thing in wind. On wind power, we see declining costs oc-curring here, and we see increased de-ployment since the year 2000. In the early 2000s, I was traveling the State, talking to folks interested in running for the Oregon State Legislature. In the very first trip I took, I was trav-eling in the area and saw the first big wind turbines being deployed on the plateau east of the Cascades. Then 6 months later, 1 year later, 2 years later, there was a huge increase in de-ployment of wind turbines, mimicking what we see on this chart right here. Here is a fascinating number. In the first quarter—this is the first 3 months of this year—96 percent of the new elec-tricity-generating capacity has come from wind and solar. That is a stunning number. Most people think the new generation capacity is coming from natural gas because it has dropped so much in cost, but 96 percent in the first 3 months of this year came from wind and solar. If we make a national commitment to these and other clean, renewable sources, such as geothermal and wave energy, we can absolutely achieve 100 percent green electrons—clean, renew-able electrons by 2050, eliminating fos-sil fuels in the generation of elec-tricity. This decision is not without chal-lenges, just as the journey to the Moon was not without challenges. Most sig-nificantly, we have to match the sup-ply of the variable solar and wind en-ergy to the demand for electricity. As we know, for solar and wind to gen-erate electricity, the Sun has to shine and the wind has to blow, but there are a number of ways we can tackle this challenge. One answer is to shift demand through peak load pricing, encouraging consumers, for example, to shift flexi-ble consumption, such as drying your clothes, to match the supply. We change the time of day we use our dryer. Another possibility is to in-crease the grid of electricity from one region where there is excess supply to another region where there is excess demand. A third answer is to store electricity, which can be accomplished through quite a variety of tech-nologies. To name a few, you can store energy in a liquid salt solution at high- temperature solar projects. You can use pump storage, where you pump water up a hill and then you run it back down through turbines. You can use battery storage. By investing in these strategies, the elimination of fos-sil fuels in the generation of electricity is within our grasp. Let’s turn to transportation. Fossil fuels have dominated the transpor-tation sector for a century, but that is changing. One change is the greater de-ployment and use of mass transit, light rail, streetcars, bicycles, and pedes-trian transit. These investments get people out of fossil fuel cars. That trend continues, and we should encour-age it. Another strategy is electrify the cars themselves. We have seen tremendous progress in the electric car market thanks to falling prices and growing consumer demand. Today there are ap-proximately 500,000 plug-in vehicles driving on our roads. You can see how that really started in 2010, and here we are 6 years later at half a million cars, with a steady upward growth. Electric vehicles are far more viable today than they were in 2010 because the most ex-pensive component of an electric vehi-cle is the battery, and the price of bat-teries—lithium ion batteries—has been plunging, dropping fourfold since 2008 to less than $300 per kilowatt hour. We have also seen other parts of the transportation industry adopt elec-tricity into their fleets. Mack Trucks, for example, has developed an electric hybrid garbage truck. Proterra, an in-novator in heavy-duty electric trans-port, recently unveiled an electric bus that can travel 350 miles on a single charge. They are developing a re-charging capacity that can recharge a bus faster than you can put diesel into a diesel bus tank. What about aviation? How do we transition our airlines from fossil fuels? Well, biofuels are a piece of the puzzle. United Airlines has started using a mixture of 30 percent biofuel and 70 percent traditional jet fuel for flights from Los Angeles to San Fran-cisco. JetBlue just announced a 10-year contract to buy 350 million gallons of renewable biofuels to mix into its fuel supply. That will account for about 20 percent of its annual fuel use at Ken-nedy International Airport. Other air-lines, including Lufthansa and Virgin Atlantic, are embracing biofuels. Let’s think a little bit about long- haul trucking, which currently runs virtually universally on diesel. It is a big challenge. Biodiesel can play a role here, as it does in aviation. A few years ago, Poland Springs switched to a 5- percent biodiesel blend for its fleet of tractor trailers and tanker trucks. The company estimates that not only did it reduce its annual carbon emissions by 1.8 million pounds in the first 2 years, but it saved about $70,000 in fuel costs. That is a pretty substantial incentive. As more and more firms seek to re-place fossil diesel with biodiesel, pro-duction has surged, increasing from 343 million gallons in 2010 to 1.2 billion gal-lons in 2014. But while the production and use of biodiesel is growing, we don’t anticipate that it will be a com-plete answer. The production of biofuel has challenges of its own, including a potential disruption of food agri-culture. We have to keep developing and look-ing at a variety of technologies, pos-sibly including, for example, the devel-opment of hydrogen fuel cells. Nikola Motor, an electric truck startup in Salt Lake City, announced plans at the end of last month for its upcoming Nikola One big rigs to run on custom- made hydrogen electric fuel cells. These trucks are going to be designed to travel 1,200 miles between hydrogen fill-ups. If hydrogen does become viable along established routes for trucking, we will need to generate a lot of hydrogen, and we can do that from electricity, put-ting the green electrons to work in this challenge and establishing a fuel de-ployment infrastructure. What about residential and commer-cial heating? About one-fifth of all nat-ural gas is used to heat homes and water in residences. Both of these ob-jectives can be accomplished through electrification. The good news here is that heat pumps, powered by green electrons, can be cost-competitive with gas heating in most climates, even at today’s very low natural gas prices. Replacing the use of natural gas in the commercial and industrial sectors will be more challenging, especially in-dustrial manufacturing. Electrification will help. Conservation will help. They will be part of the solution. In some cases, there may not be a solution. There may not be a viable answer. We will need to employ carbon offsets to reach net zero generation of carbon di-oxide from the burning of fossil fuels. So there are pieces of this puzzle we will have to figure out. Just as our predecessors in the space program did not have all of the answers when they set out on a mission to put a man on the Moon, we don’t have all of the an-swers now, but we have a lot. With the diligence and determination that has characterized the American spirit, we will find more answers and we can reach these goals. We have so much of the technology in hand to propel ourselves into the 100-by-50 vision, but we need political courage. We need commitment as a na-tion. We need to take responsibility be-cause we are the first generation feel-ing the impact of the disruptive rav-ages of climate change, and we are the last generation that can do something about it. And we do so, driving a rapid transition from a fossil fuel-based en-ergy economy to a clean renewable one. One thing is certain: It is going to mean a lot of new jobs. That is pretty exciting. There is going to be a lot of innovation. That is pretty exciting. Al-ready more than 2.5 million Americans go off to work every day in the clean and renewable energy industry. Some 414,000 are employed in renewable gen-eration, such as solar and wind. In just the past 6 years, the solar industry alone has added 115,000 jobs. Another 170,000 are employed in advanced vehi-cles, working to move the automotive industry further toward hybrid and electric vehicle technology. Imagine how many more jobs we will create if we truly commit and invest in clean and renewable technologies. Imagine what a boon it will be to our economy to be the leader in these industries, selling and exporting the technology and the products that we develop around the world. As we head into this exciting fron-tier, we have an obligation to do right 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.055 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5987 September 22, 2016 
by all the American workers, the men and women who rely on jobs in fossil fuel industries to provide for their fam-ilies. We need to make sure they have the support and the training and the help to transition to work in the new industries. We need to make sure no worker in the fossil fuel world is left behind. These are the basic elements of the 100-by-50 plan I will be introducing to move our country from fossil fuel to clean renewable energy: One. Adopt a price on carbon to put our markets to work on this mission. Two. Utilize energy conservation— virtually always the most cost-effec-tive strategy. Three. Convert all electricity genera-tion from fossil fuel electrons to green electrons. Four. Shift as many uses as possible from the fossil fuel energy world to the electric energy world, including var-ious applications in transportation and home and business heating. Five. Sustain substantial invest-ments in research and development to improve current technologies and de-velop new ones. Finally, for the most difficult chal-lenges, we may consider utilizing care-fully constructed carbon offsets to reach net zero fossil fuels. Fellow citizens, colleagues here in the Chamber, we need a bold plan to save our beautiful, blue-green planet from the ravages of global warming. This 100-by-50 is that plan—completely overhauling our energy system over the next three and a half decades, eliminating carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuels by 2050. By leading this fight, America will benefit from all of the technological in-novation it generates. By leading this fight, America will generate good-pay-ing jobs. By leading this fight, America will have the moral standing to pull to-gether the nations of the world onto a parallel path. America must lead this charge. We are the only Nation that can. We have the best scientific and technical minds in the world. The American people have the cour-age to take on big challenges. By lead-ing this fight, America will bring to-gether the nations of the world. Work-ing together, we will save our planet. The world needs to act, and to act now, to tackle the devastating impacts of climate change. It cannot wait. But they will need our example—a national commitment to revolutionizing our en-ergy sector to spur them to action, to set an example, to work in cooperation. Daniel Burnham, the great American architect, once said: 
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men’s blood and probably will them-selves not be realized. Make big plans; aim high in hope and work. 
We need to stir our blood and our hearts and our minds and our souls to this great challenge. We need to do ev-erything in our power, utilizing every tool at our disposal. We are in a very real race against time, and it is a race in which we are behind but a race we must not lose. That is our responsi-bility. That is our moral obligation to our children and their children and their children’s children. Some will say this can’t be done, but I say to them and I say to you: Do not bet against America. We conquered the electron and harnessed electricity. We beat gravity to soar above the clouds. We cured diseases, invented the tele-phone, the television, and the Internet. When President Kennedy called us into action, we, America, traveled to the Moon. When we commit ourselves, there is nothing American ingenuity cannot accomplish. We will find the an-swers. We will achieve the impossible. At this moment, let’s embrace the ur-gency of this mission and determine to act immediately and to act boldly. Fellow Americans, colleagues, let’s join together and set ourselves and our Nation and, through our leadership, the world’s community of nations on a course to make this giant leap for man-kind. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. CAS-
SIDY). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the pending cloture motions with re-spect to H.R. 5325 not ripen until 2:15 p.m., on Tuesday, September 27; I fur-ther ask that if cloture is invoked on the substitute amendment, cloture be considered to have been invoked at 6 p.m., on Monday, September 26. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMERICAN RED CROSS, NORTH-ERN NEVADA CHAPTER AND SOUTHERN NEVADA CHAPTER Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 100th anniversary of the American Red Cross, Northern and Southern Nevada Chapters. The Northern and Southern Nevada Chapters of the American Red Cross were established during World War I, when a small group of women came to-gether to knit sweaters, socks, and caps for troops overseas. Since then, the American Red Cross in Nevada has provided invaluable support and serv-ices to those in need. For instance, dur-ing the Great Depression, the Amer-ican Red Cross provided temporary housing, nutritious meals, and clean drinking water. The American Red Cross also provided disaster relief after the 1999 Clark County flood that caused extensive property damage. For 100 years, the American Red Cross in Nevada has served numerous people in our community, Nation, and throughout the world. Today 650 volun-teers facilitate essential programs for Nevadans, including services for the Armed Forces, community prepared-ness training, youth services, and international programs to reconnect families. Through these programs, the American Red Cross transforms the lives of individuals and families across the Silver State. The American Red Cross in Nevada has made many noteworthy contribu-tions to our community. Its services ensure that Nevadans receive relief during their most difficult times. The American Red Cross’s work is appre-ciated and admired, and I wish them continued success. f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE LAS VEGAS NATURAL HISTORY MU-SEUM Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 25th anniversary of the Las Vegas Natural History Mu-seum. For a quarter century, the mu-seum has inspired curiosity, apprecia-tion, and responsibility for the natural world and its resources. It is my great pleasure to recognize the institution, its employees, and its board members before the U.S. Senate today. The Las Vegas Natural History Mu-seum began as a culmination of efforts by dedicated Nevadans, including exec-utive director and founder Marilyn Gil-lespie, to protect the State’s collection of wildlife and prehistoric exhibits. Through cooperation with the Las Vegas City Council and partnerships within the Las Vegas area, the museum was soon able to officially open its doors to visitors in 1991. Since then, the museum has expanded to include a multibillion dollar collection of re-gional and global artifacts, as well as a variety of interactive scientific exhib-its and educational resources. In 2002, the Smithsonian Institution granted affiliate membership to the Las Vegas Natural History Museum, further en-hancing its exhibits and impact on visi-tors. Early collaborations within the Las Vegas area provided the framework for a history of community engagement that continues to define the institution to this day. Last year, more than 23,000 educational tours were provided to stu-dents from Clark County, each of which were designed to meet State edu-cational requirements. The museum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.057 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5988 September 22, 2016 
also continued its Open Doors Pro-gram, allowing more students from at- risk or economically disadvantaged schools to visit the museum. At a time when environmental stew-ardship is more important than ever, I am proud to join my fellow Nevadans in celebrating this important mile-stone. As we look back on 25 years of scientific exploration and discovery, we look forward to many more in the future. 
f 
OPENING OF THE NATIONAL MU-SEUM OF AFRICAN AMERICAN HISTORY AND CULTURE Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this weekend the doors will open on a new American treasure. The National Mu-seum of African American History and Culture tells the story of a people whose toil and genius helped create America and whose contributions in every walk of life have enriched our Nation beyond measure. The museum stands majestically on the National Mall, at the foot of the Washington Monument. If you stand at the museum’s en-trance and look in one direction you see the Lincoln Memorial, where Mar-ian Anderson sang and Dr. King spoke of his dream for America. Look in the other direction and you can see a plot of land where, just sev-eral generations ago, men, women and children were sold like chattel—close enough to this Capitol that members of Congress could hear their anguished cries. Those stories and many, many more, are chronicled within the walls of this ambitious and long overdue museum. The National Museum of African American History and Culture rep-resents America’s first official attempt to tell the story of African Ameri-cans—a story that spans 600 years and stretches from the indignity and inhu-manity of slavery to the long and still ongoing march for freedom that changed our Nation and our world. As one writer described it, the mu-seum is ‘‘a shifting mix of sadness and celebration.’’ It is a record of brutal subjugation, racial violence, and dis-crimination—and it is the story of a re-silient people who survived those hor-rors and created a rich and vibrant cul-ture. The new museum is the 19th in the priceless portfolio of the Smithsonian Institution. If you ask African Americans about the significance of the new museum, you are likely to hear many answers. One answer you will hear over and over is: ‘‘Now our ancestors can rest.’’ At long last, the stories of struggle, perseverance, and achievement that have been passed down, generation after generation, in African-American families finally have an official and honored repository in America. Speakers at the museum’s opening on Saturday will include President Barack Obama and former President George W. Bush—two Presidents, one Republican and one Democrat, a White man and our Nation’s first African-American President. Imagine the ancestors’ de-light at that line-up. As many as 100,000 people from all over America are expected to visit the museum on this opening weekend—like one giant, proud family reunion. The National Museum of African American History and Culture tells the harrowing story of slavery, Jim Crow, and segregation. It also documents the civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s—the template for the women’s movement, the disability rights move-ment, and other modern human rights struggles in America and around the world. But the Museum of African American History and Culture is more than a story of suffering and struggle. It is a celebration of resilience and triumph— of faith in America and in a better fu-ture. It showcases the countless ways in which African Americans have en-riched and enlivened American culture and society—in sports, music, lit-erature, and art—in commerce and business, and in scientific discovery. While it focuses on African Ameri-cans, it is a museum for all Ameri-cans—because you cannot truly under-stand American history without under-standing African-American history and the difficult, often inspirational, and always central role that African Amer-icans have played in our history. Lonnie Bunch III is a brilliant histo-rian and educator. He is also the found-ing director of the Smithsonian’s Na-tional Museum of African American History and Culture. As he says, the history of African Americans is ‘‘the quintessential American story,’’ a story of measured progress and remarkable achievement after an ugly period of painful oppres-sion. From 2001 to 2005, Lonnie Bunch served as president of the Chicago His-torical Society, now called the Chicago History Museum. That is where I came to know and respect him. During his short tenure, Lonnie Bunch oversaw a hugely successful ex-pansion of the Chicago History Mu-seum, and he helped broaden commu-nity support for the museum dramati-cally. He became almost as much of a cul-tural treasure as the museum itself, and we hated to see him leave Chicago. But the chance to help create the Na-tional Museum of African American History and Culture—literally, from the ground up—was the challenge of a lifetime. It was also, as Lonnie Bunch will tell you, something he felt he needed to do for his ancestors, to honor their strug-gle and perseverance. When he signed on to head it in 2005, the National Museum of African Amer-ican History and Culture had no staff, no collection, and no building—not even a blueprint. No Smithsonian museum had ever started life without a collection. What is more, the museum’s initial, very modest acquisitions budget meant that many of the most valuable arti-facts of African-American history sell at traditional auctions were beyond the financial reach of the new museum. So Lonnie Bunch conceived of a bril-liant strategy to build the museum’s collection. He and his staff conducted ‘‘Antiques Roadshow’’’-style programs in 15 cities called ‘‘Save Our African American Treasures.’’ Their hunt for African-American treasures kicked off in January 2008 at the Harold Washington Public Library in Chicago. Hundreds of people brought family heirlooms to be inspected and appraised. Many of the nearly 40,000 artifacts in the new museum’s collection came from these shows. In city after city, people brought treasured objects that had been in their families for years and generations and said: ‘‘We’ve cared for this until now. We trust the Smithso-nian to keep it safe from now on.’’ Among the treasures is Harriet Tub-man’s prayer shawl, given to her by Queen Victoria, and the great aboli-tionist’s personal hymnal. As the endpoint in the great migra-tion of African Americans from the Deep South to the North, Chicago holds a special place in African-Amer-ican history and that is reflected in the new museum. One of the most powerful exhibits is the original glass casket that held the battered body of Emmett Till, the 14- year-old boy from Chicago who was vi-ciously murdered by two White men in Mississippi in 1955. Emmett Till was kidnapped, beaten to a bloody pulp, and shot in the head. His broken body was then weighted down and thrown into a river. His grieving mother, Mamie Till Moseley, insisted that the casket re-main open during her son’s funeral so the world could see what racial hatred and violence had done to her only child. The images of Emmett’s mangled body shocked the Nation’s conscience and fueled the modern civil rights Nmovement. Rosa Parks said she was thinking of those images 3 months later when she refused to give up her seat and move to the back of the bus. Other treasures from Chicago and Il-linois include objects from the Pull-man Car Company and from famed Af-rican-American publications including Ebony and Jet magazines and the Chi-cago Defender newspaper. There are photographs from fair housing marches led by Dr. Martin Lu-ther King in Marquette Park, a neigh-borhood in southwest Chicago in 1966. Dr. King was struck in the head by a brick thrown from an angry mob. Those marches showed America that racial animus and violence was not simply a Southern problem, it was an American problem. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.044 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5989 September 22, 2016 
Only nine African Americans have ever served in this Senate. Illinois is proud to be home to three of those Sen-ators, including the man who went on to become our first African-American President. Among the museum’s artifacts from Barack Obama’s historic public life is the entire contents of a 2008 Obama for President headquarters in Falls Church, VA—packed up—lock, stock and barrel—and preserved by the Smithsonian for future generations. Among the museum’s other treasures are a fighter jet flown by Tuskegee Air-man and shards of glass from the hor-rific Klan bombing in 1963 of the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham, an act of terrorism that claimed the lives of four little girls attending Sun-day school. Other artifacts remind us that the long march to freedom is not entirely over yet. Poll tax receipts from a century ago remind us of the need to be vigilant in protecting every Americans’ constitu-tional right to vote. A guard tower from the infamous An-gola State Penitentiary reminds us that racial inequities persist in Amer-ica’s criminal justice and we have more work to do to root it out. To borrow a phrase from the immor-tal Sam Cooke, the National Museum of African American History and Cul-ture ‘‘has been a long, long time com-ing.’’ It was first proposed more than a century ago by African-American vet-erans of the Civil War. Congress approved it once, in 1927, but never funded it because of the De-pression. The idea was resurrected in the late 1980s, led by Congressman J
OHNLEWIS of Georgia, an icon of the civil rights movement. For 15 years, though, a bill to create the museum was defeated The logjam was finally broken in 2003, when President George W. Bush took up the cause. More than any previous Smithsonian museum, this one has relied on private donations, rather than just public dol-lars. A number of celebrities have made very large gifts, including $5 million from Michael Jordan and $21 million from Oprah Winfrey, the largest single benefactor. But many of the donations have come from churches, sororities and fra-ternities, and other African-American groups. A large amount—$4 million— came from average people in gifts of less than $1,000. The new museum looks like nothing else on the National Mall. It is clad in burnished bronze grillwork and built to resemble a three-tiered crown from an old African kingdom. Looking at it, one is reminded of the words of the writer James Baldwin. In exhorting African Americans to take pride in their history, Baldwin wrote: ‘‘Your crown has been bought and paid for. All you must do is put it on.’’ The National Museum of African American History and Culture is one of the great jewels in that crown. It will help the ancestors to rest and allow this and future generations to learn and be inspired, and that is cause to celebrate. f 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT RE-GARDING AMENDMENT NO. 5082 TO H.R. 5325 Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have an explana-tory statement regarding Senate amendment No. 5082 to H.R. 5325 print-ed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT SUBMITTED BY MR. COCHRAN OF MISSISSIPPI, CHAIRMAN OF THE SENATE COM-MITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS REGARD-ING THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 5325 The following is an explanation of the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika Response and Preparedness Act’’. This Act includes the Military Construc-tion, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (Division A), the Zika Response and Preparedness Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (Division B), the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2017 (Division C), and a division on rescissions of funds (Division D). H.R. 5325 was used as the vehicle for the Sen-ate amendment. Section 1 of the Act is the short title of the bill. Section 2 of the Act displays a table of con-tents. Section 3 of the Act states that, unless ex-pressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of that division. Section 4 provides a statement of appro-priations. Section 5 states that each amount des-ignated by Congress as an emergency re-quirement is contingent on the President so designating all such emergency amounts and transmitting such designations to Congress. Section 6 of the Act specifies that this ex-planatory statement shall have the same ef-fect with respect to the allocation of funds and implementation of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a com-mittee of conference, and it specifies that any reference to the ‘‘joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act’’ con-tained in division A shall be considered to be a reference to this explanatory statement. References in this explanatory statement in division A (Military Construction, Vet-erans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2017) to ‘‘conferees’’ are deemed to be references to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate, and references to the ‘‘conference agreement’’ are deemed to be references to the recommendations in divi-sion A of this Act. The Act does not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined by clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives. DIVISION A—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The following is an explanation of the ef-fects of Division A, which makes appropria-tions for Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies for fiscal year 2017. Unless otherwise noted, reference to the House and Senate reports are to House Re-port 114–497 and Senate Report 114–237. The language set forth in House Report 114–497 and Senate Report 114–237 should be com-plied with and carry the same emphasis as the language included in the joint explana-tory statement, unless specifically addressed to the contrary in this joint explanatory statement. While repeating some report lan-guage for emphasis, this joint explanatory statement does not intend to negate the lan-guage referred to above unless expressly pro-vided herein. In cases in which the House or the Senate has directed the submission of a report, such report is to be submitted to both Houses of Congress. House or Senate report-ing requirements with deadlines prior to, or within 15 days after enactment of this Act shall be submitted not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act. All other report-ing deadlines not specifically directed by this joint explanatory statement are to be met. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE Bid Savings.—The conferees note that, given information for cost variation notices required by 10 U.S.C. 2853, the Department of Defense continues to have bid savings on pre-viously appropriated military construction projects. Therefore, the agreement includes rescissions to the Army, Air Force, and De-fense-Wide construction accounts. The Sec-retary of Defense is directed to continue to submit 1002 reports on military construction bid savings at the end of each fiscal quarter to the Committees. Missile Defense.—The conferees remain committed to rapidly implementing the Eu-ropean Phased Adaptive Approach (EPAA). Construction of the first Aegis Ashore mis-sile defense site in Deveselu, Romania, is complete and the site is operational. The Committees fully funded construction of the second site at Redzikowo, Poland, in fiscal year 2016, and expect the Missile Defense Agency to pursue an aggressive construction schedule to bring this critical asset online. Additionally, the conference agreement fully funds the request for the first phase of the Long Range Discrimination Radar at Clear, Alaska. This radar will dramatically im-prove our ability to effectively target bal-listic missile threats to the homeland com-ing from the Pacific. As the missile threat continues to evolve, the conferees remain strongly supportive of the expeditionary de-ployment of a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense battery on Guam. The conferees en-courage the Department of Defense to con-sider making this deployment permanent and request the appropriate military con-struction projects in support of this critical mission be requested in future budget sub-missions. Overseas Contingency Operations.—The con- ference agreement includes House Title IV, Overseas Contingency Operations. The Sen-ate bill included funding for similar projects in Title I. Emerging Security Threats in Europe. —The conferees are aware that heightened tensions between Russia and Europe following Rus-sia’s invasion of Ukraine in 2014 have in-creased security threats to European na-tions, particularly in Eastern Europe. In re-sponse to Russian aggression, the Adminis-tration in 2014 announced the European Re-assurance Initiative (ERI) to enhance allied security by increasing the presence and joint training activities of U.S. military forces in Europe. The ERI includes a number of mili-tary construction projects funded in both fis-cal year 2015 and in this Act. The conferees note that although ERI military construc-tion funding was originally intended to be a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.043 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5990 September 22, 2016 
one-time only investment, the evolving na-ture of the threat has prompted the Depart-ment of Defense (DOD) to expand its plans for investing in military construction to sup-port the continual presence of U.S. rota-tional military forces in Europe, increased training activities with European allies, and the prepositioning of Army combat-ready equipment in Poland to support an armored brigade combat team. The conferees recognize the importance of providing reassurance and security to the Nation’s European allies, but are concerned that DOD has not outlined a comprehensive plan for military construction requirements to support the ERI. Instead, the Committees have received ad hoc notifications of pro-posed planning and design expenditures for projects in support of the ERI, including a $200,000,000 facility for prepositioning Army combat brigade equipment in Poland, and nine ERI-related Air Force projects, pri-marily at U.S. Air Force bases in Germany, estimated to cost a total of $260,000,000. Given the magnitude of the planned ERI military construction investment thus far, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress (the Com-mittees), with submission of the fiscal year 2018 budget request, a comprehensive plan for military construction requirements asso-ciated with the European Reassurance Ini-tiative through the fiscal year 2018 Future Years Defense Program. The conferees further direct the Comp-troller General of the United States to pro-vide to the Committees, not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, a report evaluating the extent to which the Department of Defense has developed a com-prehensive force structure plan, including military construction requirements, to meet emerging security threats in Europe. The re-port shall include an assessment of the ex-tent to which the Department has: (1) identified the near-term and long-term United States military force requirements in Europe in support of the European Reassur-ance Initiative; (2) evaluated the posture, force structure, and military construction options for meet-ing projected force requirements; (3) evaluated the long-term costs associ-ated with the posture, force structure, and military construction requirements; and (4) developed a Future Years Defense Pro-gram for force structure costs associated with the European Reassurance Initiative. The report shall also include any other matters related to security threats in Eu-rope that the Comptroller General deter-mines are appropriate, and recommendations as warranted for improvements to the De-partment’s planning and analysis method-ology. The reports shall be provided in the appropriate classified and unclassified for-mats. Al Udeid Air Base Mold Contamination. —The conferees are concerned about reports that airmen serving at Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar were living in dangerously contaminated barracks. On social media and later in the press, reports detailed collapsing ceilings, contaminated water, and toxic black mold found throughout the facility. The Commit-tees have raised concerns in the past about low levels of funding for facility sustainment, restoration and modernization, and if the black mold issues at Al Udeid were a result of a lack of funding for maintenance, that is unacceptable. Also, the conferees are aware that the Department of Defense In-spector General released a report in Sep-tember 2014 (DODIG–2014–121) that identified 1,057 deficiencies and code violations ‘‘that could affect the health, safety, and well- being of warfighters and their families’’ sta-tioned in Japan. Included among the defi-ciencies were elevated levels of radon and ex-cessive mold growth. In light of the Inspec-tor General report and the reports from Al Udeid, the conferees direct the Department to submit a report to the congressional de-fense committees not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act detailing global military housing and expeditionary facilities locations with mold contamination, mitiga-tion strategies implemented or expected to be in place, and any new construction stand-ards designed to prevent mold contamina-tion. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY  The conference agreement provides $513,459,000 for Military Construction, Army. Within this amount, the conference agree-ment provides $98,159,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engineer services, and host nation support. Aging Army hangars for Combat Aviation Units.—The conferees recognize that the Army’s aging hangars housing combat avia-tion units are structurally deficient and do not meet the operational requirements of the Army’s Combat Aviation Brigades. A critical need exists for the Army to modernize infra-structure associated with operational needs, inclement weather, personnel changes, and unforeseen circumstances. The conferees di-rect the Secretary of the Army to submit a report to the congressional defense commit-tees not later than 90 days after the enact-ment of this Act detailing the age and condi-tion of the Army’s Combat Aviation Brigade aircraft maintenance hangars, a prioritization of the most deficient infra-structure assets, and a plan to modernize or replace those hangars, including the required resources. Air traffic control facilities.—The conferees are concerned that many of the Army’s air traffic control facilities are unsafe, anti-quated, and do not provide adequate control, communications or observation abilities for the current air traffic levels at certain loca-tions. For example, the current facility lo-cated at Fort Benning, Georgia, will become wholly inadequate at the current pace of op-erations and a replacement facility is nec-essary to ensure air traffic services are avail-able to support mission readiness and de-ployment platforms and the military flying community. The conferees are concerned that this could be a problem throughout the Army enterprise with the recent reductions to the Department of Defense’s construction accounts. Therefore, the Secretary of the Army is directed to conduct a risk assess-ment on Army air traffic control facilities throughout the Army enterprise and develop a plan to update these facilities. This assess-ment shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act. Defense Laboratory Enterprise Facilities and Infrastructure.—The conferees note that DOD investment in Defense laboratories has been lacking, resulting in negative impacts on the ability of the military to develop new acqui-sition programs or perform cutting-edge re-search. At the same time, the Nation’s near- peer competitors are making significant new investments in their research and develop-ment capabilities as part of the effort to close the technology gap with the U.S. mili-tary. Of additional concern, aging lab infra-structure also creates a disincentive to at-tracting new employees as DOD tries to re-build its technical workforce. One of the tools that Congress has provided to incentivize DOD lab investment is the es-tablishment of a higher threshold for unspec-ified minor military construction (UMMC) for laboratories to enable the services to keep up with a threat that evolves faster than the normal planning process. However, the conferees are concerned that the services are not programming sufficient UMMC to take full advantage of the laboratory revi-talization initiative. For example, in fiscal year 2016, the Army, which operates an ex-tensive network of DOD labs, did not allo-cate any unspecified minor military con-struction funding for necessary laboratory revitalization projects, and the request for UMMC in the Army has remained flat at $25,000,000. Therefore, the conference agree-ment provides an additional $10,000,000 to supplement unspecified minor military con-struction, and the Army is encouraged to pursue opportunities to use the additional funding for lab revitalization. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  
CORPS  The conference agreement provides $1,021,580,000 for Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps. Within this amount, the conference agreement provides $88,230,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engi-neer services. Military Construction funding for the Navy and Marine Corps.—Conferees are concerned about the need for the construction of an F– 35C aircraft maintenance hangar, a commu-nications complex and infrastructure up-grades, and an F–35C aircraft parking apron for the Marine Corps’ four F–35C squadrons on the West Coast. This construction sup-ports Carrier Air Wing operations with the USS Carl Vinson as the first F–35C compat-ible ship on the West Coast in support of the Pacific Command Area of Responsibility. The Marine Corps has identified these projects as its top priorities, critical to the F–35C squadrons and the conferees support these priorities. Townsend Bombing Range.—Concerns still remain regarding the Townsend Bombing Range and its effect on the local timber in-dustry. While the Navy and local stake-holders have started a dialogue, an agree-ment has not yet been reached. The con-ferees look forward to an agreement that meets the Navy’s training needs and protects local timber stakeholders. Navy Unfunded Reprogramming Require-ments.—The Committees were recently in-formed that the Navy has been under-estimating the cost of major construction projects over the past several years due to unrealistic cost assumptions and a flawed construction cost formula. The Navy ac-knowledges that it has been aware of this problem for some time but had taken no ac-tion to remedy the deficiencies in its con-struction cost estimating process or to no-tify the Committees in a timely manner of the situation or its potential impact on the execution of projects. As a result, the Navy is faced with a large inventory of under-funded projects, and insufficient unobligated balances from bid savings or cancelled projects to cover the shortfall. Thus, a num-ber of authorized projects for which funds have been appropriated over the past several years are at risk due to insufficient funds to award a contract. The conferees provide an additional $89,400,000 in this Act, to address the Navy’s highest priority urgent unfunded reprogram-ming requirements as well as unanticipated emergency construction requirements. How-ever, the conferees are concerned that this is just the tip of the iceberg, and that addi-tional underfunded projects for which no ready source of reprogramming funds is available will emerge. Therefore, the con-ferees direct the Secretary of the Navy to re-assess the sufficiency of the appropriation request for all previously appropriated projects for which contracts have not been awarded, and to provide to the congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.053 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5991 September 22, 2016 
defense committees, within 60 days of enact-ment of this Act, (1) a detailed analysis of the process and decisions that led to the un-derestimating of construction costs, (2) the revised cost estimate, if applicable, for any project that is estimated to be underfunded due to unrealistic cost assumptions and/or a flawed construction cost formula, (3) a plan of how the Navy intends to address the shortfall within its own resources, including the identification of any previously appro-priated projects that might have to be can-celled, and (4) a description of the steps it is taking to remedy the cost estimating proc-ess for future construction projects. The conferees further direct the Secretary of Defense to review the construction cost formulas used to develop military construc-tion appropriation requests by the Naval Fa-cilities Engineering Command and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to assess the reli-ability of the formulas, and to report to the congressional defense committees within 90 days of enactment of this Act on its findings and any recommendations to improve the fi-delity of the construction cost formulas. All the services, including the Navy, have informed the Committees for the past sev-eral years that construction costs have been rising with the improving economy and the rebound of the construction market, and that bid savings have been subsequently de-creasing. The conferees believe there is no excuse for the Navy’s inability to or failure to address this problem, and fully expect a sound and justifiable cost estimate for any military construction projects submitted in the fiscal year 2018 and future budget re-quests. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIR FORCE  The conference agreement provides $1,491,058,000 for Military Construction, Air Force. Within this amount, the conference agreement provides $143,582,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engineer services. Additionally, the conference agree-ment rescinds $23,900,000 for three fiscal year 2014 projects in Saipan, Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI), to support Air Force training exercises and pro-vide an emergency divert location. The con-ferees are concerned that the Air Force has been unable to reach a land use agreement with the Government of the CNMI despite extensive negotiations, and no resolution to the issue is imminent. Therefore, the funding is rescinded without prejudice, and the Air Force is urged to resubmit the projects once agreement on the location is finalized and the projects can be executed. Air Force Facility Security Requirements .— The conferees are concerned with the De-partment’s funding recommendation for the Air Force’s unspecified minor military con-struction account. An additional $10,000,000 is provided to assist installations in the con-tinental U.S. with significant facility entry and exit point concerns. Priority should be given to installations with access control points that present safety, security and traf-fic hazards. Air Force Ballistic Missile Facilities .—The conferees are aware that ground-based inter-continental ballistic missile (ICBM) facili-ties at the Nation’s three ICBM bases in Montana, North Dakota, and Wyoming are aging and in urgent need of replacement. At a time of increased global tensions among nuclear-capable nations, it is imperative to replace crumbling and outdated ICBM infra-structure at U.S. installations with state-of- the-art nuclear deterrence facilities. Key to this effort is the replacement of the Cuban missile crisis-era Weapons Storage Facilities and Missile Alert Facilities at each of the ICBM bases. The conferees understand that the Air Force has developed a funding road-map to replace the Weapons Storage Facili-ties (WSFs) at each ICBM base but are con-cerned that the current timeline for imple-mentation of the roadmap is not sufficiently aggressive in light of the urgency of upgrad-ing these facilities to meet current threat conditions. Given the failing condition of the current WSFs and the importance of the ground-based ICBM capability to the Na-tion’s nuclear deterrence, the conferees urge the Air Force to prioritize and accelerate the replacement of the WSFs as well as the Nu-clear Alert Facilities at ICBM bases. The conferees reiterate the directive in Senate Report 114–237 for the Secretary of the Air Force to undertake an analysis of the cost of maintaining the existing Missile Alert Fa-cilities at the Nation’s ICBM bases and to provide a report to the Committees within 90 days of enactment of this Act on the findings of the analysis and a projected cost and timeline for replacing the Weapons Alert Fa-cilities at each of these bases. The conferees also direct the Secretary of Defense to assess the feasibility of using Defense Access Road funding and other sources of funding to build alternate routes for military equipment traveling on public roads to missile launch facilities, taking into consideration the proximity of local populations, security risks, safety, and weather, and to provide a report to the Committees within one year of enactment of this Act. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The conference agreement provides $2,025,444,000 for Military Construction, De-fense-Wide. Within this amount, the con-ference agreement provides $180,775,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engi-neer services. Within this amount, an addi-tional $15,000,000 is provided for Missile De-fense Agency planning and design. The addi-tional funding is to expedite the construc-tion and deployment of urgently needed mis-sile defense assets in various locations with-in the continental United States, including Alaska and Hawaii. Pentagon Metro entrance facility.—The con- ference agreement includes funding for the Pentagon Metro entrance facility project as requested in the budget submission. The con-ferees remain concerned that this facility needs to be constructed in a manner that will further enhance the physical access and perimeter defense of the building in accord-ance with the Integrated Pentagon Security Master Plan and the Pentagon Century Re-view. Given that the design is only at 10 per-cent at this point, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to report to the con-gressional defense committees quarterly on the progress of the planning and design and any major construction changes to the cur-rent project’s 1391. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY NATIONAL  
GUARD  The conference agreement provides $232,930,000 for Military Construction, Army National Guard. Within this amount, the conference agreement provides $8,729,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engi-neer services. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIR NATIONAL GUARD  The conference agreement provides $143,957,000 for Military Construction, Air National Guard. Within this amount, the conference agreement provides $10,462,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engi-neer services. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY RESERVE  The conference agreement provides $68,230,000 for Military Construction, Army Reserve. Within this amount, the conference agreement provides $7,500,000 for study, plan-ning, design, architect and engineer services. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY RESERVE  The conference agreement provides $38,597,000 for Military Construction, Navy Reserve. Within this amount, the conference agreement provides $3,783,000 for study, plan-ning, design, architect and engineer services. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIR FORCE RESERVE  The conference agreement provides $188,950,000 for Military Construction, Air Force Reserve. Within this amount, the con-ference agreement provides $4,500,000 for study, planning, design, architect and engi-neer services. 
NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  
SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  The conference agreement provides $177,932,000 for the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization Security Investment Program. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASE CLOSURE  
ACCOUNT  The conference agreement provides $240,237,000 for the Department of Defense Base Closure Account, which is $35,000,000 above the request. The additional funding is for the Army and the Navy to accelerate en-vironmental remediation at installations closed under previous Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) rounds. Accelerated cleanup.—The conferees recog-nize that many factors hinder the cleanup of BRAC sites. However, the conferees believe that strategic investments can lead to quicker clean-ups and faster turnover of DOD property to the local community. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional de-fense committees a spend plan for the addi-tional BRAC funds not later than 15 days after enactment of this Act. Family Housing Overview Homeowners Assistance Program—Delayed Expression or Delayed Identification of Injured Beneficiaries.—As the Executive Agent for the Homeowners Assistance Program (HAP) across the Department of Defense, the Army mistakenly administered approximately 76 applicants whose injuries were incurred dur-ing a military deployment, while they owned a home, and experienced delayed expression or delayed identification of the injury. The applicants were paid in good faith and in ac-cordance with guidance from Congress and the Department of Defense to err in favor of wounded, ill, and injured HAP applicants. If these beneficiaries had suffered from an ob-vious physical injury—which the HAP stat-ute envisioned—their injury would have been clearly documented at the time they owned their home, and they would have qualified for HAP benefits. Therefore, no funds from this Act shall be used to collect overpay-ments for any wounded, ill, or injured HAP beneficiary with delayed expression or de-layed identification, or send notice letters, while the Department further develops per-manent legislative solutions with Congress. 
FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY  The conference agreement provides $157,172,000 for Family Housing Construction, Army. 
FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE , ARMY  The conference agreement provides $325,995,000 for Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Army. 
FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  
MARINE CORPS  The conference agreement provides $94,011,000 for Family Housing Construction, Navy and Marine Corps. 
FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE , NAVY AND MARINE CORPS  The conference agreement provides $300,915,000 for Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Navy and Marine Corps. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.055 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5992 September 22, 2016 
FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIR FORCE  The conference agreement provides $61,352,000 for Family Housing Construction, Air Force. 
FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE , AIR FORCE  The conference agreement provides $274,429,000 for Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Air Force. 
FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  
MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE The conference agreement provides $59,157,000 for Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FAMILY HOUSING  
IMPROVEMENT FUND  The conference agreement provides $3,258,000 for the Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS AND RESCISSIONS OF  
FUNDS)  The conference agreement includes section 101 limiting the use of funds under a cost- plus-a-fixed-fee contract. The conference agreement includes section 102 allowing the use of construction funds in this title for hire of passenger motor vehi-cles. The conference agreement includes section 103 allowing the use of construction funds in this title for advances to the Federal High-way Administration for the construction of access roads. The conference agreement includes section 104 prohibiting construction of new bases in the United States without a specific appro-priation. The conference agreement includes section 105 limiting the use of funds for the purchase of land or land easements that exceed 100 percent of the value. The conference agreement includes section 106 prohibiting the use of funds, except funds appropriated in this title for that purpose, for family housing. The conference agreement includes section 107 limiting the use of minor construction funds to transfer or relocate activities. The conference agreement includes section 108 prohibiting the procurement of steel un-less American producers, fabricators, and manufacturers have been allowed to com-pete. The conference agreement includes section 109 prohibiting the use of construction or family housing funds to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. The conference agreement includes section 110 prohibiting the use of funds to initiate a new installation overseas without prior noti-fication. The conference agreement includes section 111 establishing a preference for American architectural and engineering services for overseas projects. The conference agreement includes section 112 establishing a preference for American contractors in United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll and in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf. The conference agreement includes section 113 requiring congressional notification of military exercises when construction costs exceed $100,000. The conference agreement includes section 114 allowing funds appropriated in prior years for new projects authorized during the current session of Congress. The conference agreement includes section 115 allowing the use of expired or lapsed funds to pay the cost of supervision for any project being completed with lapsed funds. The conference agreement includes section 116 allowing military construction funds to be available for five years. The conference agreement includes section 117 allowing the transfer of funds from Fam-ily Housing Construction accounts to the Family Housing Improvement Program. The conference agreement includes section 118 allowing transfers to the Homeowners Assistance Fund. The conference agreement includes section 119 limiting the source of operation and maintenance funds for flag and general offi-cer quarters and allowing for notification by electronic medium. The conference agreement includes section 120 extending the availability of funds in the Ford Island Improvement Account. The conference agreement includes section 121 allowing the transfer of expired funds to the Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Con-struction, Defense account. The conference agreement includes section 122 restricting the obligation of funds for re-locating an Army unit that performs a test-ing mission. The conference agreement includes section 123 allowing for the reprogramming of con-struction funds among projects and activi-ties subject to certain criteria. The conference agreement includes section 124 prohibiting the obligation or expenditure of funds provided to the Department of De-fense for military construction for projects at Arlington National Cemetery. The conference agreement includes section 125 providing additional funds for various Military Construction accounts. The conference agreement includes section 126 providing additional funds for Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps. The conference agreement includes section 127 rescinding funds from prior Appropria-tions Acts from various accounts. The conference agreement includes section 128 rescinding unobligated balances from the fund established by Sec. 1013(d) of 42 U.S.C. 3374. The conference agreement includes section 129 defining the congressional defense com-mittees. The conference agreement includes section 130 prohibiting the use of funds in this Act to close or realign Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The provision is intended to pre-vent the closure or realignment of the instal-lation out of the possession of the United States, and maintain the Naval Station’s long-standing regional security and migrant operations missions. The conference agreement includes section 131 restricting funds in this Act to be used to consolidate or relocate any element of Air Force Rapid Engineer Deployable Heavy Operational Repair Squadron Engineer until certain conditions are met. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.057 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5993 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.058 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 472/24 here EH22JN16.001emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
ALASKA 
ARMY 
FORT WAINWRIGHT 
UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE HANGAR ................... . 
AIR FORCE 
CLEAR AFS 
FIRE STATION... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .... , . , ... 
EIELSON AFB 
F-35A AOAL FIELD TRAINING DETACHMENT FAC ....... . 
F-35A AIRCRAFT WEATHER SHELTER {SQO 2) ........... . 
F-35A AIRCRAFT WEATHER SHELTERS (SQD 1) ........ . 
F-35A EARTH COVERED MAGAZINES .................... . 
F·35A HANGAR/PROPULSION MXfDISPATCH .............. . 
F-35A HANGAR/SQUAD OPS/AMU SQ #2 ................. . 
F-35A MISSILE MAINTENANCE FACILITY .............. . 
JOINT BASE ELMENDORF-RICHARDSON 
ADD/ALTER AWACS ALERT HANGAR .................. . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
CLEAR AFS 
LONG RANGE OISCRIM RADAR SYS COMPLEX PH1 ........ . 
FORT GREELY 
MISSILE DEFENSE COMPLEX SWITCHGEAR FACILITY ...... . 
JOINT BASE ELMENDORF-RICHARDSON 
CONSTRUCT TRUCK OFFLOAD FACILITY ................. . 
NAVY 
YUMA ARIZONA 
VMX-22 MAINTENANCE HANGAR ........................ . 
AIR FORCE 
LUKE AFS 
F-35A SQUAD OPS/AIRCRAFT MAINT UNIT #5, .......... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
FORT HUACHUCA 
JITC BUILDING 52110 RENOVATION ................... . 
CALIFORNIA 
ARMY 
CONCORD 
ACCESS CONTROL POINT.. . . . . . . . . ........ , ......... . 
NAVY 
CORONADO 
COASTAL CAMPUS ENTRY CONTROL POINT .............. . 
COASTAL CAMPUS UTILITIES INFRASTRUCTURE ...... , .. . 
GRACE HOPPER DATA CENTER POWER UPGRADES., ........ . 
LEMOORE 
F-35C ENGINE REPAIR FACILITY ............. , ....... . 
SAN DIEGO 
ENERGY SECURITY HOSPITAL HICROGRID .............. . 
SEAL BEACH 
MISSILE MAGAZINES ............................ . 
AIR FORCE 
EDWARDS AIR FORCE SASE 
FLIGHTLINE FIRE STATION ......................... . 
DEFENSE·W!DE 
CORONADO 
SOF HUMAN PERFORMANCE TRAINING CENTER ........... . 
SOF SEAL TEAM OPS FACILITY ....................... . 
SOF SEAL TEAM OPS FACILITY ............ , ........ . 
SOF SPECIAL RECON TEAM ONE OPERATIONS FAC ........ . 
SOF TRAINING DETACHMENT ONE OPS FACILITY ......... . 
TRAVIS AFS 
REPLACE HYDRANT FUEL SYSTEM ...................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
47,000 
20,000 
22,100 
82,300 
79,500 
11,300 
44,900 42,700 
12,800 
29,000 
155,000 
9,560 
4,900 
48,355 
20,000 
4,493 
12,600 13,044 
81 '104 
10,353 
26,723 
6,183 
21,007 
24,000 
15,578 
47,290 
47,290 
20.949 
44,305 
26,500 HOUSE 
47,000 
20,000 22,100 
79,500 
11,300 
44,900 42,700 
12,800 
29,000 
155,000 
9,560 
4,900 
48,355 
20,000 
4,493 
12,600 
13,044 
81 '104 
10,353 
26,723 
21,007 
24,000 
15,578 
47,290 
47,290 
20,949 
44,305 
26,500 SENATE 
47,000 
20,000 
22, 100 
82,300 
79,500 
11,300 
44,900 42,700 
12,800 
29,000 
155,000 
9,560 
4,900 
48,355 
20,000 
4,493 
12,600 
13,044 
81' 104 
10,353 
26,723 
6,183 
21,007 24,000 
15,578 
47,290 
47,290 
20,949 
44,305 
26,500 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
47,000 20,000 
22,100 
82,300 
79,500 
11,300 
44,900 
42,700 12,800 29,000 155,000 
9,560 
4,900 
48,355 
20,000 
4,493 12,600 13,044 81,104 10,353 26.723 21,007 24,000 15,578 47,290 
47,290 
20,949 44,305 26.500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5994 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.058 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 472/25 here EH22JN16.002emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
ARMY RESERVE 
FORT HUNTER LIGGETT 
EMERGENCY SERVICES CENTER ........................ . 
CAMP PARKS 
TRANSIENT TRAINING BARRACKS ...................... . 
COLORADO 
ARMY 
FORT CARSON 
AUTOMATED INFANTRY PLATOON BATTLE COURSE ......... . 
UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE HANGAR ................... . 
AIR FORCE 
BUCKLEY AIR FORCE BASE 
SHALL ARMS RANGE COMPLEX ......................... . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
BRADLEY lAP CONNECTICUT 
CONSTRUCT SMALL AIR TERMINAL ..................... . 
AIR FORCE 
DOVER AFB DELAWARE 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE HANGAR ...................... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
DOVER AFB 
WELCH ES/OOVER MS REPLACEMENT .................... . 
FLORIDA 
NAVY 
EGLIN AFB 
WMD FIELD TRAINING FACILITIES .................... . 
AIR FORCE 
EGLIN AFB 
ADVANCED MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY COMPLEX ............ . 
FLIGHTLINE FIRE STATION., ........................ . 
PATRICK AF6 
FIRE/CRASH RESCUE STATION ....................... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
PATRICK AFB 
REPLACE FUEL TANKS............... . . . . . . ........ . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
JACKSONVILLE IAP 
REPLACE FIRE CRASH/RESCUE STATION ................ . 
GEORGIA 
ARMY 
FORT GORDON 
CYBER PROTECTION TEAM OPS FACILITY ............... . 
FORT STEWART 
AUTOMATED QUAliFICATION/TRAINING RANGE ........... . 
AIR FORCE 
MOODY AFS 
PERSONNEL RECOVERY 4·BAY HANGAR/HELD MX UNIT ..... . 
DEFENSE·WIDE 
FORT BENNING 
SOF TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE HANGAR ...... . 
FORT GORDON 
MEDICAL CLINIC REPLACEMENT .................. . 
HAWAII 
ARMY 
FORT SHAFTER 
COMMAND AND CONTROL FACILITY, INCR 2 ............. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
21,500 
19.000 
8,100 
5,000 
13.500 
6,300 
39,000 
44,115 
20,489 
75,000 
13,600 
13,500 10,100 
9,000 
90,000 
14,800 
30,900 
4,820 
25,000 
40,000 HOUSE 
21,500 
19,000 
8,100 
5,000 
13,500 
6,300 
39,000 
44,115 
20,489 
75,000 
13,600 
13,500 10,100 
9,000 
90,000 
14,800 
30,900 
4,820 
25,000 
40,000 SENATE 
21,500 
19,000 
8,100 
5,000 
13,500 
6,300 
39,000 
44,115 
20,489 
75,000 
13,600 13,500 
10, 100 
9,000 
90,000 
14,800 
30,900 
4,820 
25,000 
40,000 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
21,500 
19.000 
8,100 
5,000 
13,500 
6,300 
39,000 
44,115 
20,489 
75,000 
13,600 13,500 10,100 
9,000 
90,000 
14,800 
30,900 
4.820 
25,000 
40,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5995 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.058 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 472/26 here EH22JN16.003emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
NAVY 
BARKING SANDS 
UPGRADE POWER PLANT & ELECTRICAL DISTRIB SYS ..... . 
KANEOHE SAY 
REGIMENTAL CONSOLIDATED COMM/ELEC FACILITY ....... . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
HILO 
COMBINED SUPPORT MAINTENANCE SHOP ............... . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
JOINT SASE PEARL HARBOR·HICKAM 
F-22 COMPOSITE REPAIR FACILITY ................... . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
DAVENPORT IOWA 
NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER ................ . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
SIOUX GATEWAY AIRPORT 
CONSTRUCT CONSOLIDATED SUPPORT FUNCTIONS ......... . 
KANSAS 
AIR FORCE 
MCCONNELL AFS 
AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWER ........................ . 
KC·46A ADAL TAXIWAY DELTA ........................ . 
KC·46A ALTER FLIGHT SIMULATOR SLOGS .............. . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
FORT LEAVENWORTH 
NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER .................. . 
AIR FORCE 
BARKSDALE AFB LOUISIANA 
CONSOLIDATED COMMUNICATION FACILITY .............. . 
NAVY RESERVE 
NEW ORLEANS 
JOINT RESERVE INTELLIGENCE CENTER ............... . 
NAVY 
KITTERY MAINE 
UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING ............................ . 
UTILITY IMPROVEMENTS FOR NUCLEAR PLATFORMS ....... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
KITTERY 
MEDICAL/DENTAL CLINIC REPLACEMENT. 
MARYLAND 
NAVY 
PATUXENT RIVER 
CBARS RDT&E HANGAR ....................... ,. 
AIR FORCE 
JOINT BASE ANDREWS 
21 POINTS ENCLOSED FIRING RANGE ................. . 
PAR RELOCATE JADOC SATELLITE SITE ................ . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
BETHESDA NAVAL HOSPITAL 
HEDCEN ADDITION/ALTERATION !NCR 1 ................ . 
FORT MEADE 
ACCESS CONTROL FACILITY ......................... . 
NSAW CAMPUS FEEDERS PHASE 3 ...................... , 
NSAW RECAPITALIZE BUILDING #2 !NCR 2.... . . . . . . . .. BUDGET 
REQUEST 
72,565 
31,000 
11.000 
23,000 
12,600 
11,200 
5,600 
3,000 
29,000 
21,000 
11,207 
17,773 
30. 119 
27' 100 
40,576 
13,000 
3,500 
50,000 
21,000 
17,000 
195,000 HOUSE 
43,384 
72,565 
31,000 
11,000 
23,000 
12,600 
11,200 
5,600 
3,000 
29,000 
21,000 
11,207 
17.773 
30,119 
27,100 
40,576 
13,000 
3,500 
50,000 
21,000 
17,000 
195,000 SENATE 
43,384 
72,565 
31,000 
11,000 
23,000 
12,600 
11,200 
5,600 
3,000 
29,000 
21,000 
11,207 
17,773 
30,119 
27' 100 40,576 13,000 
3,500 
50,000 
21,000 
17,000 
195,000 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
43,384 
72,565 
31,000 
11 '000 
23,000 
12,600 11,200 
5,600 
3,000 
29.000 21,000 11.207 
17.773 
30,119 27,100 40,576 13,000 
3,500 
50,000 
21,000 
17' 000 195,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5996 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.058 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 472/27 here EH22JN16.004emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
AIR FORCE 
HANSCOM AFB MASSACHUSETTS 
SYSTEM MANAGEMENT ENGINEERING FACILITY ..... 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
DULUTH lAP MINNESOTA 
LOAD CREW TRAINING/WEAPON SHOPS .................. . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
ST LOUIS MISSOURI 
LAND ACQUISITION-NEXT NGA WEST (N2W) CAMPUS ...... . 
AIR FORCE 
MALMSTROM AFB MONTANA 
MISSILE MAINTENANCE FACILITY .................... . 
NAVY 
FALLON NEVADA 
AIR WING SIMULATOR FACILITY ...................... . 
AIR FORCE 
NELLIS AFS 
F-35A POL FILL STANO ADDITION .................... . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
HOOKSETT NEW HAMPSHIRE 
NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP .......... . 
ROCHESTER 
NATIONAL GUARD VEHICLE MAINTENANCE SHOP .......... . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
PEASE INTERNATIONAL TRADE PORT 
KC-46A INSTALL FUSELAGE TRAINER BLDG 251 ......... . 
AIR FORCE 
CANNON AFB NEW MEXICO 
NORTH FITNESS CENTER ............................. . 
HOLLOMAN AFB 
HAZARDOUS CARGO PAD AND TAXIWAY ................. . 
KIRTLAND AFB 
COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER (CRH) SIMULATOR ......... . 
NAVY RESERVE 
BROOKLYN NEW YORK 
ELECTRIC FEEDER DUCTBANK ......................... . 
SYRACUSE 
MARINE CORPS RESERVE CENTER ................ . 
NORTH CAROLINA 
NAVY 
CAMP LEJEUNE 
RANGE FACILITIES SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS ............. . 
CHERRY POINT MARINE CORPS AIR STATION 
CENTRAL HEATING PLANT CONVERSION ................. . 
DEFENSE -WIDE 
CAMP LEJEUNE 
DENTAL CLINIC REPLACEMENT ........................ . 
FORT BRAGG 
SOF COMBAT MEDIC TRAINING FACILITY ........ , . . . . .. BUDGET 
REQUEST 
20,000 
7,600 
801 
14,600 
13,523 
10,600 
11 '000 
8,900 
1,500 
21,000 
10,600 
7,300 
1,964 
13.229 
18,482 
12,515 
31,000 
10,905 HOUSE 
20,000 
7,600 
801 
14,600 
13,523 
10,600 
11,000 
8,900 
1,500 
21,000 
10,600 
7,300 
1,964 
13,229 
18,482 
12,515 
31,000 
10,905 SENATE 
20,000 
7,600 
801 
14,600 
13,523 
10,600 
11,000 
8,900 
1,500 
21 '000 
10,600 
7,300 
1 '964 
13,229 
18,482 
12,515 
31,000 
10,905 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
20,000 
7,600 
801 
14,600 
13,523 
10,600 
11 '000 
8,900 
1 '500 
21,000 
10,600 
7,300 
1 '964 
13.229 
18,482 
12.515 
31,000 
10,905 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5997 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.058 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 472/28 here EH22JN16.005emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
SOF PARACHUTE RIGGING FACILITY ............ , ...... . 
SOF SPECIAL TACTICS FACILITY (PH3) .............. . 
SOF TACTICAL EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE FACILITY ...... . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
CHARLOTTE/DOUGLAS lAP 
C·17 CORROSION CONTROL/FUEL CELL HANGAR .......... . 
C-17 TYPE III HYDRANT REFUELING SYSTEM ........... . 
AIR FORCE RESERVE 
SEYMOUR JOHNSON AFB 
KC-46A ADAL BLDG FOR AGE/FUSELAGE TRAINING ....... . 
KC-46A ADAL SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITIES ...... . 
KC-46A TWO BAY CORROSION/FUEL CELL HANGAR ........ . 
AIR FORCE 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OHIO 
RELOCATED ENTRY CONTROL FACILITY 26A ............. . 
AIR FORCE 
ALTUS AFB OKLAHOMA 
KC-46A FTU/FTC SIMULATOR FACILITY PH 2 ........... . 
TINKER AFB 
KC·46A DEPOT SYSTEM INTEGRATION LABORATORY ....... . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
ARDMORE 
NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER .................. . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
YORK PENNSYLVANIA 
NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER .................. . 
AIR FORCE RESERVE 
PITTSBURGH lAP 
C-17 ADAL FUEL HYDRANT SYSTEM .................... . 
C·17 CONST/OVERLAYTAXIWAY AND APRON, ............. . C-17 
CONSTRUCT TWO BAY CORROSION/FUEL HANGAR ..... . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
EAST GREENWICH RHODE ISLAND 
NATIONAL GUARD/RESERVE CENTER BUILDING (JFHQ) ..... 
SOUTH CAROLINA 
NAVY 
BEAUFORT 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE HANGAR ..................... . 
PARRIS ISLAND 
RECRUIT RECONDITIONING CENTER & BARRACKS ......... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
JOINT BASE CHARLESTON 
CONSTRUCT HYDRANT FUEL SYSTEM ................. , .. . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
MCENTIRE ANGS 
REPLACE OPERATIONS AND TRAINING FACILITY ......... . 
TEXAS 
ARMY 
FORT HOOD 
AUTOMATED INFANTRY PLATOON BATTLE COURSE .. 
AIR FORCE 
JOINT BASE SAN ANTONIO 
BMT RECRUIT DORMITORY 6. . . . . . . . . .......... , ..... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
21,420 30,670 
23,598 
29,600 21,000 5,700 2,250 90,000 12.600 11,600 17,000 22,000 9,300 22,800 8,200 54,000 20,000 83,490 
29.882 
17,000 8,400 7,600 67,300 HOUSE 
21,420 30,670 
23,598 
29,600 21,000 5,700 2,250 90,000 12,600 
11 '600 17,000 22,000 9,300 22,800 8,200 54,000 20,000 83,490 
29,882 
17,000 8,400 7,600 67,300 SENATE 
21,420 30,670 
23,598 
29,600 21,000 5,700 2,250 90,000 12,600 11,600 17,000 22,000 9,300 22,800 8,200 54,000 20,000 83,490 
29,882 
17,000 8,400 7,600 67,300 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
21,420 30,670 
23,598 
29,600 21,000 5,700 2,250 90,000 12,600 11.600 11,000 22,000 9,300 22,800 8,200 54,000 20,000 83,490 
29,882 
17,000 8,400 7,600 67,300 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5998 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.058 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 472/29 here EH22JN16.006emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
RED RIVER ARMY DEPOT 
CONSTRUCT WAREHOUSE & OPEN STORAGE ................ 
SHEPPARD AFB 
MEDICAL/DENTAL CLINIC REPLACEMENT ................. 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
ELLINGTON FIELD 
CONSOLIDATE CREW READINESS FACILITY ............... 
NAVY RESERVE 
GALVESTON 
RESERVE CENTER ANNEX .............................. 
UTAH 
ARMY 
CAMP WILLIAMS 
LIVE FIRE EXERCISE SHOOTHOUSE ..................... 
AIR FORCE 
HILL AFB 
649 MUNS MUNITIONS STORAGE MAGAZINES .............. 
649 MUNS PRECISION GUIDED MISSILE MX FACILITY ..... 
649 MUNS STAMP/MAINT & INSPECTION FACILITY ........ 
COMPOSITE AIRCRAFT ANTENNA CALIBRATION FAC ........ 
F-35A MUNITIONS MAINTENANCE COMPLEX ......... ,, .... 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
CAMP WILLIAMS 
NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER ................... 
VERMONT 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
BURLINGTON IAP 
F-35 BEDDOWN 4· BAY FLIGHT SIMULATOR .............. 
VIRGINIA 
ARMY 
FORT BELVOIR 
SECURE ADMIN/OPERATIONS FACILITY, INCR 2 .......... 
AIR FORCE 
JOINT BASE LANGLEY-EUSTIS 
AIR FORCE TARGETING CENTER ........................ 
FUEL SYSTEM MAINTENANCE DOCK ...................... 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
PENTAGON 
PENTAGON METRO ENTRANCE FACILITY .................. 
UPGRADE IT FACILITIES INFRASTRUCTURE·RRMC ......... 
ARMY RESERVE 
DUBLIN 
ORGANIZATIONAL MAINTENANCE SHOP/AMSA .......... 
WASHINGTON 
NAVY 
BANGOR 
SERVICE PIER ELECTRICAL UPGRADES .................. 
SUBMARINE REFIT MAINT SUPPORT FACILITY ............ 
BREMERTON 
NUCLEAR REPAIR FACILITY ......... , ................. 
WHIDBEY ISLAND 
EA·18G MAINTENANCE HANGAR ............ < ' •• ~ ' • ' ' ••• 
TRITON MISSION CONTROL FACILITY ............... 
AIR FORCE 
FAIRCHILD AFB 
PIPELINE DORM, USAF SERE SCHOOL (150 RM} .......... BUDGET 
REQUEST 
44,700 
91 ,910 4,500 
8,414 
7,400 6,600 8,700 12,000 
7' 100 
10' 100 
37,000 4,500 64,000 45,000 14,200 
12,111 
8,105 6,000 
18,939 21,476 
6,704 45,501 30,475 27,000 HOUSE 
44,700 91,910 4,500 8,414 7,400 6,600 8,700 12,000 7,100 10,100 37,000 4,500 64,000 45,000 14,200 
12' 111 e. 105 
6,000 
18,939 21,476 
6,704 45,501 30,475 27,000 SENATE 
44' 700 
91,910 4,500 
8,414 
7,400 6,600 8,700 12,000 
7' 100 
10' 100 
37,000 4,500 64,000 45,000 14,200 8,105 6,000 
18,939 21,476 
6, 704 
45,501 30,475 27,000 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
44,700 91,910 4,500 8,414 7,400 6,600 8,700 12,000 7,100 
101 100 
37,000 4,500 64,000 45,000 14,200 
12' 111 
8,105 6,000 18.939 
21,476 
6,704 45,501 30,475 27,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5999 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.058 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 472/30 here EH22JN16.007emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
ARMY RESERVE 
FORT MCCOY WISCONSIN 
AT/MOB DINING FACILITY ........................... . 
WYOMING 
AIR FORCE 
F . E. WARREN AFB 
MISSILE TRANSFER FACILITY SLOG 4331 .............. . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
LARAMIE 
NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER .................. . 
AIR FORCE 
DARWIN AUSTRALIA 
APR AIRCRAFT MX SUPPORT FACILITY ............... . 
APR EXPAND PARKING APRON .................. , .... . 
BULGARIA 
AIR FORCE 
GRAF IGNATIEVO 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS/OPERATION ALERT FACILITY ....... . 
FIGHTER RAMP EXTENSION ............................. . 
UPGRADE MUNITIONS STORAGE .......................... . 
CUBA 
ARMY 
GUANTANAMO SAY 
MIGRATION COMPLEX IMPROVEMENTS ................... . 
DEFENSE· WIDE 
DIEGO GARCIA DIEGO GARCIA 
IMPROVE WHARF REFUELING CAPABILITY ............... . 
DJIBOUTI 
NAVY 
CAMP LEMONNIER 
MEDICAL/DENTAL FACILITY ............................ . 
AIR FORCE 
CHASELLEY AIRFIELD 
ACCESS ROAD ........................................ , 
PARKING APRON AND TAXIWAY .......................... . 
AIR FORCE 
AMARI AS ESTONIA 
BULK FUEL STORAGE ........ , ......................... . 
GERMANY 
ARMY 
EAST CAMP GRAFENWOEHR 
TRAINING SUPPORT CENTER .... , .................... ,, 
GARMISCH 
DINING FACILITY ...... , , .......................... . 
WIESSADEN ARMY AIRFIELD 
CONTROLLED HUMIDITY WAREHOUSE .......... , ........ . 
HAZARDOUS MATERIAL STORAGE BUILDING ............. . 
AIR FORCE 
RAMSTEIN AS 
37 AS SQUADRON OPERATIONS/AIRCRAFT MAINT UNIT ..... 
SPANGOAHLEM AB 
EIC · SITE DEVELOPMENT AND INFRASTRUCTURE ........ . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
11 ,400 
5,550 
21,000 
1,800 
28,600 
33,000 
30,000 
22,000 
9,600 
16,500 
2,700 
13,437 
43,465 HOUSE 
11,400 
5,550 
21,000 
1 ,800 
28,600 
33,000 30,000 
22,000 
9,600 
16,500 
2.700 
13,437 
43,465 SENATE 
11,400 
5,550 
21,000 
1,800 
2S,600 
3,800 
7,000 
2,600 
33,000 
30,000 37,409 
3,600 
6,900 
6,500 
22,000 
9,600 
16,500 
2,700 
13,437 
43,465 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
11,400 
5,550 
21,000 1,800 28,600 
33,000 30,000 
22,000 
9,600 
16,500 
2,700 
13,437 43,465 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6000 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.058 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 472/31 here EH22JN16.008emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
HIGH CAPACITY TRIM PAD AND HUSH HOUSE ............ . F/A-22 
LOW OBSERVABLE/COMPOSITE REPAIR FACILITY .. . F/A-22 
UPGRADE 
INFRASTRUCTURE/COMMUNICATIONS/UTILITIES ........ . 
UPGRADE HARDENED AIRCRAFT SHELTERS FOR F/A-22 .... . 
UPGRADE MUNITION STORAGE DOORS ................... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
KAISERLAUTERN AB 
SEMBACH ELEMENTARY/MIDDLE SCHOOL REPLACEMENT ..... . 
RHINE ORDNANCE BARRACKS 
MEDICAL CENTER REPLACEMENT INCR 6 ................ . 
GUAM 
NAVY 
JOINT REGION MARIANAS 
HARDENING OF GUAM POL INFRASTRUCTURE ............. . 
POWER UPGRADE -HARMON ........................... . 
AIR FORCE 
JOINT REGION MARIANAS 
APR-MUNITIONS STORAGE IGLOOS, PH 2 ............. . 
APR-SATCOM C4I FACILITY ........................ . 
BLOCK 40 MAINTENANCE HANGAR ...................... . 
ICELAND 
NAVY 
KEFLAVIK 
P-BA AIRCRAFT RINSE FACILITY ....................... . 
P·8A HANGAR UPGRADE ................................ . 
JAPAN 
NAVY 
KADENA AB 
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE COMPLEX ..................... . 
SASEBO 
SHORE POWER (JULIET PIER) ........................ . 
AIR FORCE 
KADENA AB 
APR-REPLACE MUNITIONS STRUCTURES ............... . 
YOKOTA AB 
C-130J CORROSION CONTROL HANGAR .................. . 
CONSTRUCT COMBAT ARMS TRAINING & MAINT FAC ....... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
IWAKUNI 
CONSTRUCT TRUCK OFFLOAD & LOADING FACILITIES ..... . 
KADENA AB 
KADENA ELEMENTARY SCHOOL REPLACEMENT ............. . 
MEDICAL MATERIEL WAREHOUSE...... . ............ . 
SOF MAINTENANCE HANGAR ........................... . 
SOF SIMULATOR FACILITY (MC-130) .................. . 
YOKOTA AB 
AIRFIELD APRON ................................... . 
HANGAR/ AMU ....................................... . 
OPERATIONS AND WAREHOUSE FACILITIES .............. . 
SIMULATOR FACILITY ............................... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
KWAJALEIN ATOLL KWAJALEIN 
REPLACE FUEL STORAGE TANKS ....................... . 
AIR FORCE 
SIAULIAI LITHUANIA 
MUNITIONS STORAGE .................................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
45,221 
58,063 
26,975 
62,210 35,300 14,200 
31 . 158 
26,489 16,420 
19,815 
23,777 
8,243 
6,664 
84,918 
20,881 
42,823 
12,602 
41,294 
39,466 26,710 
6,261 
85,500 HOUSE 
45,221 
58,063 26,975 62,210 35,300 14,200 
31 '158 
26,489 
16,420 19,815 
23.777 8,243 
6,664 84,918 20,881 
42,823 
12,602 41,294 39,466 26,710 
6,261 
85,500 SENATE 
1.000 12,000 1,600 2, 
700 
1,400 
45,221 
58,063 
26,975 
62,210 35,300 14.200 
31 '158 
5,000 14,600 
26,489 
16,420 
19,815 23,777 8,243 6,664 84,918 
20,881 
42,823 
12,602 
41,294 39,466 
26,710 
6,261 
85,500 3,000 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
45,221 
58,063 
26,975 
62,210 35,300 14,200 
31. 158 
26,489 16,420 19,815 
23,777 
8,243 6,664 84,918 20,881 42,823 12,602 
41,294 
39,466 26,710 6,261 85,500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6001 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.058 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 472/32 here EH22JN16.009emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
MARIANA ISLANDS 
AIR FORCE 
UNSPECIFIED LOCATION 
APR · LAND ACQUISITION ........................... . 
AIR FORCE 
LASK AIR BASE POLAND 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY ............... . 
POWIDZ 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY .................. , .... . 
AIR FORCE 
CAMP TURZII ROMANIA 
MUNITIONS STORAGE AREA ... , ............... ,, .. , .... ,. 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY ....................... . 
TWO-BAY HANGAR .................................... . 
EXTEND PARKING APRONS..... . ...................... . 
NAVY 
ROTA SPAIN 
COMMUNICATION STATION ............................ . 
AIR FORCE 
INCIRLIK AB TURKEY 
AIRFIELD FIRE/CRASH RESCUE STATION ..... 
AIR FORCE 
AL OHAFRA UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
LARGE AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE HANGAR ............ , ... . 
AIR FORCE 
CROUGHTON RAF UNITED KINGDOM 
JIAC CONSOLIDATION · PH 3.. . . .. .. . . .. .. . ....... .. 
MAIN GATE COMPLEX .......................... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
CROUGHTON RAF 
CROUGHTON ~LEM/MIODLE/HIGH SCHOOL REPLACEMENT., ... 
ROYAL AIR FORCE LAKENHEATH 
CONSTRUCT HYDRANT FUEL SYSTEM ............. ,, .. , .. . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
WAKE ISLAND WAKE ISLAND 
TEST SUPPORT FACILITY ..... . 
VARIOUS WORLDWIDE LOCATIONS 
NAVY 
TRITON FORWARD OPERATING BASE HANGAR ..... . 
NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM ........ . 
WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED 
ARMY 
HOST NATION SUPPORT ................................ . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ......... , .................... , .. . 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ............................ , ... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
9,000 
23.607 
13,449 
35,400 
53,082 
16,500 
71,424 
13,500 
11,670 
41,380 
177,932 
18,000 
25,000 
80,159 HOUSE 
9,000 
23.607 
13,449 
35,400 
53,082 
16,500 
71,424 
13,500 
11,670 
41,380 
177,932 
18,000 
25,000 
80,159 SENATE 
9,000 
4,100 4,100 
3,000 3,400 
6,100 6,000 
23.607 
13,449 
35,400 
53,082 
16,500 
71,424 
13,500 11,670 
41,380 
177,932 
18,000 
35,000 
99,059 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
9,000 
23,607 
13,449 
35,400 
53,082 
16,500 
71,424 
13,500 
11,670 
41 '380 
177,932 
18,000 
35,000 
80,159 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6002 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.058 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 472/33 here EH22JN16.010emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
NAVY 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ............................ . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ............................ . 
AIR FORCE 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ........... , ............ , ....... , 
PLANNING AND DESIGN- ANDREWS AFB ........ , ......... . 
PLANNING AND DESIGN· HANSCOM AFS .................. . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ........................... , .. . 
DEFENSE·WIDE 
CONTINGENCY CONSTRUCTION..... . ................... . 
ENERGY CONSERVATION INVESTMENT PROGRAM ............. . 
PLANNING AND DESIGN 
DEFENSE WIDE ..................................... . 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DEPENDENT EDUCATION ........ . 
DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ........................ . 
MDA.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ... . 
NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY .......... . 
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY ......................... . 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND ...................... . 
WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICE ................ . 
SUBTOTAL. PLANNING AND DESIGN .................... . 
UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 
DEFENSE-WIDE ..................................... . 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DEPENDENT EDUCTION ......... . 
DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY ............................ , 
JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .... . 
MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ........................... . 
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY ...................... . 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND ....................... . 
SUBTOTAL, UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION., ....... . 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ................................ . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ................................ . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ................................ . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ................................ . 
ARMY RESERVE 
PLANNING AND DESIGN .............................. . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ................................. . 
NAVY RESERVE 
PLANNING AND DESIGN.... . ...... , .................. . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .......... . 
AIR FORCE RESERVE 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ................................ . 
MINOR CONSTRUCTION ................................. . 
FAMILY HOUSING, ARMY 
KOREA 
CAMP WALKER (DAEGU) 
FAMILY HOUSING NEW CONSTRUCTION (90 UNITS). 
CAMP HUMPHRIES 
FAMILY HOUSING NEW CONSTRUCTION (216 UNITS). BUDGET 
REQUEST 
88,230 
29,790 
84,862 
18,720 
40,000 
30,000 
10,000 
150,000 
23,450 
23,585 
27,660 
71,647 
24,000 
27,653 
3,427 
776, H!3 
3,000 
3,000 
8,500 
8,631 
2,414 
3,913 
5,994 
35,452 
8,729 
12,001 
10,462 
17,495 
7,500 
2,830 
3,783 
4,500 
1 '500 
54,554 
143,563 HOUSE 
88,230 
29,790 
84,862 
18,720 
40,000 
30,000 
150,000 
22,649 
23,585 27,660 
15,000 
36,000 
24,000 
27,653 
3,427 
744,735 
3,000 3,000 
8,500 
8,631 
2,414 
3,913 
5,994 
35,452 
8,729 
12,001 
10,462 
17,495 
7,500 
2,830 
3,783 
4,500 
1,500 
54,554 
143,563 SENATE 
91,030 
29,790 
94,802 
18,720 
40,000 
40,000 
150,000 
23,450 
23,585 
27,660 
71,647 
24,000 
27,653 
3,427 
817,823 
3,000 
3,000 
8,500 
13,631 
2,414 
3,913 
5,994 
40,452 
8,729 
12,001 
10,462 
17,495 
7,500 
2,830 
3,783 
4,500 
1,500 
54,554 
143,563 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
88,230 
29,790 
84,862 
18.720 
40,000 
40,000 
150,000 
23,450 
23,585 
27,660 
15,000 
36,000 
24,000 
27,653 
3,427 
765,536 
3,000 
3,000 
8,500 
8,631 
2,414 
3,913 
5,994 
35,452 
6,729 
12,001 
10,462 
17,495 
7,50D 
2,830 
3,783 
4,500 
1 ,500 
54,554 
100,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6003 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.058 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 472/34 here EH22JN16.011emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
PLANNING AND DESIGN .................................. . 
SUBTOTAL, CONSTRUCTION ............................. . 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
UTILITIES ACCOUNT. ................................. . 
SERVICES ACCOUNT ................................... . 
MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT ................................. . 
MISCELLANEOUS ACCOUNT .............................. . 
FURNISHINGS ACCOUNT ................................ . 
LEASING ............................................ . 
MAINTENANCE OF REAL PROPERTY ....................... . 
PRIVATIZATION SUPPORT COSTS ........................ . 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ................ . 
FAMILY HOUSING, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS 
GUAM 
NSA ANDERSON 
REPLACEMENT HOUSING PHASE I ...................... . 
JAPAN 
IWAKUNI 
CONSTRUCTION IMPROVEMENTS (36 UNITS) ............. . 
PLANNING AND DESIGN .................................. . 
SUBTOTAL, CONSTRUCTION ............................. . 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
UTILITIES ACCOUNT .................................. . 
SERVICES ACCOUNT ................................... . 
MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT ................................. . 
MISCELLANEOUS ACCOUNT .............................. . 
FURNISHINGS ACCOUNT ................................ . 
LEASING ............................................ . 
MAINTENANCE OF REAL PROPERTY ....................... . 
PRIVATIZATION SUPPORT COSTS ........................ . 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ................ . 
FAMILY HOUSING, AIR FORCE 
JAPAN 
KADENA (CAMP FOSTER) 
CONSTRUCTION IMPROVEMENTS (NORTH TOWERS) ......... . 
KADENA 
CONSTRUCTION IMPROVEMENTS (KAOENA HEIGHTS) ....... . 
SPAIN 
MORON AB 
CONSTRUCTION IMPROVEMENTS (UNITS 650 AND 658) ..... 
PLANNING AND DESIGN .................................. . 
SUBTOTAL, CONSTRUCTION ............................. . 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
UTILITIES ACCOUNT .................................. . 
MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT ................................ . 
SERVICES ACCOUNT ................................... . 
FURNISHINGS ACCOUNT. . . . . . . . ....................... . 
MISCELLANEOUS ACCOUNT .............................. . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
2,618 
200,735 
55,428 
7,993 
40,344 
400 
10,178 
131,761 
60,745 
19' 146 
325,995 
78,815 
11,047 
4,149 
94,011 
56,685 
12,855 
51,291 
364 
17,457 
54,689 
81,254 
26,320 
300,915 
52,307 
4,179 
498 
4,368 
61,352 
37,241 
42,919 
13,026 
31,690 
1 ,745 HOUSE 
2,618 
200,735 
55,428 
7,993 
40,344 
400 
10,178 
131,761 
60,745 
19' 146 
325,995 
78,815 
11 '047 
4' 149 
94,011 
56,685 
12,855 
51,291 364 
17,457 
54,689 
81,254 
28,320 
300,915 
52,307 
4,179 
498 
4,368 
61,352 
37,241 
42,919 
13,026 
31,690 
1 '745 SENATE 
2,618 
200,735 
55,428 
7,993 
40,344 
400 
10, 178 
131 '761 
60,745 
19' 146 
325,995 
78,815 
11,047 
4,149 
94' 011 
56,685 
12,855 
51,291 364 
17,457 
54,689 
81,254 
26,320 
300,915 
52,307 
4,179 
498 
4,368 
61,352 
37,241 
42,919 
13,026 
31,690 
1 '745 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
2,618 
157. 172 
55,428 
7,993 
40,344 
400 
10,178 
131 '761 
60,745 
19' 146 
325,995 
78,815 
11 '047 
4' 149 94 
'011 
56,685 
12,855 
51,291 364 
17,457 
54,689 
81,254 
26,320 
300,915 
52,307 
4' 179 498 
4,368 
61,352 
37,241 
42,919 
13,026 
31,690 
1. 745 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6004 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.058 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 472/35 here EH22JN16.012emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEMILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
LEASING . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............................ . 
MAINTENANCE ........................................ . 
PRIVATIZATION SUPPORT COSTS ........................ . 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ................ . 
FAMILY HOUSING, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY 
UTILITIES ....................................... . 
FURNISHING ....................................... . 
LEAS! NG ......................................... . 
MAINTENANCE OF REAL PROPERTY .................... . 
DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY 
UTILITIES .......................................... . 
FURNISHINGS ................ , ................. , .. . 
LEASING ......................................... . 
DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY 
UTILITIES ....................................... . 
FURNISHINGS ..................................... . 
SERVICES ............................. , .......... . 
MANAGEMENT ................ , .. , .......... , ....... . 
MAINTENANCE OF REAL PROPERTY .................... . 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ................ . 
DOD FAMILY HOUSING IMPROVEMENT FUND .................. . 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT ........... . 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, ARMY (SEC. 125) ............... . 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS (SEC. 
125). ' ..... ' .. ,.' '''.',.,, .. , .. ' ... , .. ,. '.'., ..... '' 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE (SEC. 125) .......... . 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, ARMY NATIONAL GUARD (SEC. 125). 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, ARMY RESERVE (SEC. 125) ....... . 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, DEFENSE-WIDE (S. SEC. 125) .... . 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, AIR NATIONAL GUARD (SEC. 125) .. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. NAVY AND MARINE CORPS (SEC. 
126) ....... , ................ ' ... ,, .. ,.,,, '.,., ..... , 
FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION, ARMY (S. SEC. 125) ...... . 
RESCISSIONS FROM PRIOR YEAR UNOBLIGATED BALANCES 
ARMY (SEC . 127) ...................................... . 
NAVY AND MARINE CORPS (H. SEC. 126) .................. . 
AIR FORCE (SEC. 127) ................................ .. 
DEFENSE-WIDE (SEC. 127) .............................. . 
DEFENSE-WIDE- PLANNING AND DESIGN (SEC. 127) ........ . 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD ................................... . 
42 USC 3374 (SEC. 128) .............................. .. 
NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM (SEC. 127) .......... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
20,530 
85,469 
41 ,809 
------------· 274,429 367 399 
11.044 
BOO 
4,100 
500 40,984 
174 
20 
32 
388 349 
.. .. ... ... .. ... -...... "'-.. 
59,157 
3,258 
205,237 HOUSE 
20,530 
85,469 
41,809 -------------
274,429 367 399 
11 . 044 
800 4,100 500 40,984 
174 
20 
32 
388 349 
.......................... 
59,157 3,258 
230,237 40,500 293,600 26,000 67,500 86,500 
-25,000 ·51 
,848 -37,377 
-25,000 
-30,000 SENATE 
20,530 
85,469 
41,809 .... _ ........................ 
274,429 
367 
399 
11,044 
800 
4,100 
500 
40,984 
174 
20 
32 
388 
349 
............................. 
59,157 3,258 
205.237 40,500 143,000 
195,465 
16,500 30,000 
64,364 
11,000 14,400 -30,000 -22,340 
-132.283 
-15,000 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
20,530 
85,469 
41,809 
....... -....... -..... -
274,429 
367 
399 
11,044 800 4,100 
50D 
40,984 
174 
20 
32 
388 349 
............................... 
59,157 3,258 
240,237 40,500 227,099 149,500 67,500 30,000 11,000 89,400 -29,602 -51,460 -141,600 -30,000 -25,000 -30,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6005 September 22, 2016 
TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS V
ETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION — C
OMPENSATION AND PENSIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The conference agreement provides $90,119,449,000 for Compensation and Pensions in advance for fiscal year 2018. Of the amount provided, not more than $17,224,000 is to be transferred to General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA) and Information Technology Systems for reim-bursement of necessary expenses in imple-menting provisions of title 38. 
READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  The conference agreement provides $13,708,648,000 for Readjustment Benefits in advance for fiscal year 2018. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  The conference agreement provides $107,899,000 for Veterans Insurance and In-demnities in advance for fiscal year 2018, as well as an additional $16,605,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  The conference agreement provides such sums as may be necessary for costs associ-ated with direct and guaranteed loans for the Veterans Housing Benefit Program Fund. The agreement limits obligations for direct loans to not more than $500,000 and provides that $198,856,000 shall be available for admin-istrative expenses. 
VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION LOANS PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  The conference agreement provides $36,000 for the cost of direct loans from the Voca-tional Rehabilitation Loans Program Ac-count, plus $389,000 to be paid to the appro-priation for General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration. The agreement provides for a direct loan limita-tion of $2,517,000. 
NATIVE AMERICAN VETERAN HOUSING LOAN  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  The conference agreement provides $1,163,000 for administrative expenses of the Native American Veteran Housing Loan Pro-gram Account. 
GENERAL OPERATING EXPENSES , VETERANS  
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  The conference agreement provides $2,856,160,000 for General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration and makes available not to exceed 5 percent of this funding until the end of fiscal year 2018. The full request for the Veterans Benefits Man-agement System is provided in the agree-ment, which includes $37,356,000 from this ac-count and $143,000,000 from the Information Technology Systems account. The agree-ment also includes the full budget request of $26,695,000 for the centralized mail initiative and $152,924,000 for the Veterans Claim In-take Program (VCIP), which is $10,000,000 above the request. The placement of the General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration account in the bill has been moved from De-partmental Administration to Veterans Ben-efits Administration to align the administra-tive expenses of VBA with its program ac-tivities. Disability claims backlog.—The conferees commend the Department of Veterans Af-fairs (VA) on its efforts to reduce the dis-ability claims backlog and increase the accu-racy of claims decisions, and is committed to ensuring that VA maintains its goal of proc-essing all claims within 125 days with 98 per-cent accuracy. The Committees are also committed to ensuring there is not a recur-rence of any sizeable backlog or a reduction in accuracy and will continue to assert their oversight by monitoring on a monthly and quarterly basis each regional office’s timeli-ness and accuracy performance measures. The conference agreement includes section 228 which requires VBA to submit a quar-terly report with the following data from each VBA regional office: (1) the average time to complete a disability compensation claim; (2) the number of claims pending more than 125 days, disaggregated by initial and supplemental claims; (3) error rates; (4) the number of claims personnel; (5) any correc-tive action taken within the quarter to ad-dress poor performance; (6) training pro-grams undertaken; (7) the number and re-sults of Quality Review Team audits; (8) the number of claims completed by each regional office based on the regional office being the station of jurisdiction; and (9) the number of claims completed by each regional office based on the regional office being the station of origin. Regional office performance.—The conferees have been disturbed by repeated reports of manipulation of records and benefit data at several VBA regional offices, as well as ir-regular personnel practices that have jeop-ardized sound management of the regional offices. The conferees urge VA to monitor re-gional office performance to make certain that personnel and claims management ac-tivities remain fully transparent and comply with overall VA regulations and handbooks. Equitable relief.—The conferees urge the Secretary to continue to grant or extend eq-uitable relief to eligible veterans initially deemed eligible in instances of administra-tive error. Service satisfaction rates among women vet-erans.—The conferees direct VA to provide to the Committees not later than the beginning of fiscal year 2017 an analysis of trends and satisfaction rates among women veterans participating in the Vocational Rehabilita-tion and Employment program to ensure these services are adapting to the changing demographics of veterans and the needs of women veterans with disabilities. Disability benefits questionnaires.—The con- ferees expect VA to meet with Members of Congress to explain their plans to develop additional disability benefits questionnaires (DBQs) for chronic multi-system illnesses ex-perienced by veterans for which DBQs do not exist. Moreover, the conferees urge the De-partment to make permanent the period for filing Gulf War presumptive claims under 38 CFR 3.317. V
ETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION MEDICAL  S
ERVICES  The conference agreement provides $44,886,554,000 in advance for fiscal year 2018 for Medical Services and makes $1,400,000,000 of the advance available through fiscal year 2019. The agreement also provides $1,078,993,000 for fiscal year 2017 in addition to the advance appropriation provided last year. The fiscal year 2018 advance funding for medical services is $6,786,446,000 lower than the fiscal year 2017 advance because of De-partment projections that increased amounts of medical care will be provided through the Medical Community Care ac-count. Given that there may be significant un-funded liabilities created by the winding down of the Choice Act, the conference agreement includes bill language in section 232 permitting the transfer of funding from multiple VA appropriations accounts to Med-ical Services to address unfunded needs. The conference agreement includes bill language requiring the Secretary to ensure that sufficient amounts are available for the acquisition of prosthetics designed specifi-cally for female veterans and to provide ac-cess to therapeutic listening devices to vet-erans with mental health or substance abuse problems or traumatic brain injury. Curing Hepatitis C within the veteran popu-lation.—The Department is to be commended for robustly treating veterans with Hepatitis C (HCV), which is a particular concern be-cause the veteran population is twice as like-ly to have the virus as the general popu-lation. Available HCV drugs have a cure rate of 96 percent, and early, preventative treat-ments avoid tens of thousands of dollars in future healthcare spending. To that end, the agreement includes funding for the treat-ment of Hepatitis C of $1,500,000,000 in fiscal year 2017, which is $840,000,000 above the President’s request. The conferees under-stand that because of an uneven start to the Hepatitis C campaign due to funding inter-ruptions, VA projects there will be a carry-over of fiscal year 2016 funding that will in-crease the resources available in fiscal year 2017. The conferees are pleased that recent price reductions in the new Hepatitis C drugs will allow VA to treat patients faster and reach their target goal of treating all vet-erans with Hepatitis C years earlier than projected. The conferees encourage VA to work to re-move any barriers to timely screening and treatment for veterans with Hepatitis C, in-cluding maximizing the use of rapid testing techniques. Rapid testing can be especially helpful in reaching veterans who are medi-cally underserved or who live long distances from VA facilities. To assist in congressional oversight, VA is directed to continue to report to the Com-mittees in quarterly briefings the number of veterans treated to date, the number of vet-erans treated each week, the number of vet-erans pronounced cured to date, the pro-jected number of new cases, and the estimate of veterans likely to be cured during the next quarter. VA is also directed to report quarterly to the Committees obligations for funding Hepatitis C treatments as part of the larger crosscutting VA quarterly financial report required in section 218. Program priorities.—The conference agree-ment provides the following fiscal year 2017 funding for these high priority areas: $243,483,000 for readjustment counseling at Vet Centers; $535,400,000 for gender-specific healthcare, which is $20,000,000 higher than the administration request; $734,628,000 for the caregivers program, which is $10,000,000 above the request; $257,477,000 for the home-less grant and per diem program, which is $10,000,000 above the request; and $320,000,000 for the homeless supportive services for low income veterans and families, which is $20,000,000 above the request. Rural healthcare.—The conference agree-ment includes the full budget request of $250,000,000 for the Office of Rural Health (ORH) and the Rural Health Initiative. In ad-dition to any directives contained in the House and Senate reports, the conferees di-rect that ORH coordinate directly with the Readjustment Counseling Service to develop and implement a strategy to expand the ca-pacity of Vet Centers in order to ensure that the readjustment and psychological coun-seling needs of veterans in rural and highly rural communities are met. The conferees also direct VA to identify ways to obtain more accurate data on homeless and at-risk veterans in rural areas, as instructed in the Senate report. The conference agreement in-cludes a one-year extension through fiscal year 2017 of the Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH) program, which provides care to veterans in areas without extensive access to VA health facilities. This extension is necessary to maintain veterans’ access to healthcare during the transition as VA moves to consolidate its non-VA healthcare programs. The conferees encourage VA to ex-pand its use of telehealth for rural areas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.058 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6006 September 22, 2016 
since the technique has proven particularly helpful in mental health and primary care health delivery. Mental health.—The conference agreement provides the full budget request for all VA mental health services and programs, with additional resources within Medical Services provided for the Veterans Crisis Line and the National Centers for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder. The conference agreement includes $40,000,000 for the National Centers and $78,572,000 for the Veterans Crisis Line. Over-all, the agreement includes $173,005,000 for suicide prevention outreach. The conference agreement includes bill language in section 238 similar to that contained in the House bill that requires certain professional stand-ards for the suicide hotline. Opioid safety.—To respond to the urgency of the opioid overdose epidemic, the Depart-ment is directed to continue to comply with the guidance included in the fiscal year 2016 conference report under the paragraph ‘‘Opioid Safety.’’ VA is also directed to make public the findings of the Office of Account-ability Review investigation into accusa-tions of widespread retaliation against whis-tleblowers at the Tomah VA Medical Center as well as the outside clinical review. The Department is encouraged to utilize the full spectrum of treatment options for dealing with opioid addiction and expand the use of medication-assisted treatment and other clinically appropriate services to achieve and maintain abstinence from all opioids. The conferees believe it is important for the Department to report necessary information to State-run prescription drug monitoring programs as this will ensure VA providers have the tools they need to better identify at-risk veterans. The conferees are aware that only 14 States require their physicians to take pain management education credits. The con-ferees urge VA to ensure that healthcare providers learn the latest pain management techniques, understand safe prescribing prac-tices, and be able to spot the signs of poten-tial substance use disorders. The conferees believe that comprehensive training in the proper use of pain management medications is a vital step in combating the opioid prob-lem. Choice Program delays.—VA data indicate that the number of veterans waiting more than 30 days for an appointment is actually higher now than when the Veterans Choice Program was initiated. The conferees are concerned that this well-intentioned pro-gram was cobbled together quickly given the time constraints, which has contributed to delays. Further, an often-cited problem with the Choice Program is the lack of clear com-munications regarding the eligibility re-quirements of the program to both veterans and non-VA providers. The conferees believe that understanding the obstacles to efficient scheduling of appointments of veterans and swift reimbursement for providers would serve as crucial first steps in resolving some of these issues. The conferees urge VA and its third party providers to address the delays and the communication errors plagu-ing implementation of the Choice Program. Nursing authority.—The conferees recognize that VA has recently published a proposed rule indicating that it is considering the issue of granting full practice authority to some or all of the four advanced practice nursing disciplines. The proposed rule indi-cates that decision will be reflected in the final rule, after consideration of all the pub-lic comments received. In addition, the Under Secretary for Health has testified that he plans to consider as an important variable whether there are significant shortages of the affiliated physician specialties through-out the VA system, which would validate the need for full practice authority for those ad-vanced practice nurse specialties. The con-ferees urge VA to carefully and thoughtfully seek additional input from internal and ex-ternal stakeholders prior to publishing the final rule. The conferees encourage VA to make all possible outreach efforts to com-municate the changes contained in the pro-posed rule, gather public comments, and col-laborate with Congress, affected stake-holders, VA physician and nursing staffs, and external organizations. National Veteran Sports Programs.—The con- ference agreement includes $9,005,000, which is the budget request for the Office of the Na-tional Veterans Sports Programs and Special Events. The conferees concur with the move-ment of this office to the Veterans Health Administration (VHA), and the agreement includes necessary bill language in section 257 to permit VHA to carry out the Office’s activities. Patient consults.—The conferees direct VA to report not later than 30 days after the be-ginning of fiscal year 2017 on specific quality controls that have been implemented to en-sure that patient consults are handled in a timely manner. Collaboration with historically black health professions schools.—As described in the House and Senate reports, the conferees urge VA to increase its collaboration with the larger, urban hospitals with historically black health professions schools. The Sec-retary is directed, as in previous conference reports, to convene a symposium where mi-nority collaboration concerns are discussed and addressed. Leveraging private sector programs .—The conferees encourage VA to integrate into VA settings private sector programs that adapt information technologies and data interoper-ability capabilities to better coordinate healthcare services for veterans, as described in the House report. Medical residency positions.—The conferees note that, to date, the Department has not submitted to the Committees a report that was directed in the explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–113 detailing current coordination with the Direct Grad-uate Medical Education Program, limita-tions that may restrict VA’s program and ability to expand to underserved areas, and a plan to more effectively carry out VA’s grad-uate medical education program within con-straints that exist in the Direct Graduate Medical Education program. The conferees understand that the Department is reviewing comments provided by the Department of Health and Human Services’ Center for Medi-care and Medicaid Services and direct VA to move as expeditiously as possible in its re-view and submit the report to the Commit-tees. Further, the conferees direct that VA provide an update to the Committees not later than 15 days after enactment of this Act on the status of this report and a timeline for submission. Rehabilitation equipment.—The conferees are aware that the Department currently purchases or reimburses veterans for recum-bent bicycles or hand cycles used for reha-bilitative purposes only and does not cover the cost of upright bicycles. Given the many veterans in physical or mental rehabilitation programs who are able to use upright bicy-cles, the conferees urge the Department to make upright bicycles eligible for reimburse-ment to qualifying veterans. In addition, the conferees direct the Department to submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress (hereafter ‘‘the Commit-tees’’) a report not later than the beginning of fiscal year 2017 outlining the steps needed to be taken to make upright bicycles eligible for reimbursement. MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  The conference agreement provides $7,246,181,000 for Medical Community Care, the account created in the Surface Transpor-tation and Veterans Health Care Choice Im-provement Act to consolidate all the VA pro-grams that provide care for veterans in the community from non-VA providers. Section 217 of the conference agreement rescinds an identical amount from the Medical Services account. The agreement also provides $9,409,118,000 in advance fiscal year 2018 fund-ing for this account. Of the fiscal year 2017 funding, $2,000,000,000 is made available until the end of fiscal year 2020; of the fiscal year 2018 funding, $1,500,000,000 is available until the end of fiscal year 2021. Extended availability of funding.—The con- ferees are aware the Department books obli-gations for non-VA care upon a veteran re-ceiving authorization to obtain medical care outside of the Veterans Health Administra-tion and not upon that authorization actu-ally being filled and the Department billed by the outside provider. Due to the timing of reconciliation between obligations, author-izations, and the number of those authoriza-tions filled through private providers, this accounting procedure has led to the de-obli-gation of funds past the life of the budget au-thority, leading to the expiration of millions of dollars that could have been applied to veterans healthcare programs. Therefore, the conferees have provided flexibility to aid the Department in ensuring all appropriations within this account are able to be obligated before expiration. This extended availability within the new Medical Community Care ac-count should allow VA time to correct this problem; however, the conferees also note this longer period of availability is a tem-porary solution and will not continue unaltered into the future. The Department is expected to work towards identifying changes in execution that will result in a permanent fix, including discussing with the Office of Management and Budget how best to define the point of obligation for these funds. The conferees expect the Department to keep the Committees apprised of its progress towards a permanent solution and request this issue be addressed within the fiscal year 2019 advance appropriations re-quest for this account. 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  The conference agreement provides $6,654,480,000 in advance for fiscal year 2018 for Medical Support and Compliance and makes $100,000,000 of the advance funding available through fiscal year 2019. Filling senior position vacancies.—In order for VHA to improve access and increase effi-ciency within the system, it must fill the critical senior management and clinical va-cancies. Therefore, the conferees direct that not less than $21,000,000, as provided in the budget request, be used to hire medical cen-ter directors and employees for other man-agement and clinical positions within the Veterans Health Administration. Requirements for the hiring of VA healthcare providers.—The conferees are deeply troubled by recent reports concerning practicing VA providers whose credentials have not been verified or have been misrepresented, and who have previously entered into settle-ments or completed disciplinary actions in other States where they may hold a medical license. To protect our Nation’s veterans, the Department must do more to guarantee that VA providers are of the highest quality and are, at the very least, in good standing with each State medical board with which they hold licenses. The conferees believe VA should be in strict compliance with Veterans Health Administration Handbook 1100.19 and Directive 2012–030 which require the Depart-ment to obtain any and all information on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.060 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6007 September 22, 2016 
medical license violations from each State medical board where a provider holds or has ever held a license and whether the provider has entered into any settlement agreements with a board for disciplinary charges relat-ing to medical practice. The Department is directed to submit a report to the Commit-tees not later than 90 days after the begin-ning of fiscal year 2017 providing an analysis and an assessment of VA field compliance with Veterans Health Administration Hand-book 1100.19 and Directive 2012–030. Transmission of VA healthcare providers’ in-formation to State medical boards.—Under cur-rent VA policy outlined in Veterans Health Administration Handbook 1100.18, in each in-stance in which a licensed healthcare profes-sional whose behavior or clinical practice so substantially fails to meet generally-accept-ed standards of clinical practice as to raise reasonable concern for the safety of patients, the Department is required to provide a re-port to each State licensure board (SLB) where the professional holds a license. The conferees are aware, however, that such reports sent to SLBs are typically lim-ited to a generic description of the clinical shortcomings involved, and if the SLB wants more details of the situation it must respond to the report with a formal request for more information. The conferees note SLBs and the Federation of State Medical Boards find it extremely difficult to gain useful informa-tion even if they follow VA’s exact proce-dures. It is critical for VA to improve commu-nication with SLBs and improve trans-parency surrounding medical practice viola-tions. VA is urged to send promptly to each SLB where a provider holds a license and the SLB in the State where the provider prac-tices, the full information concerning any violations during the provider’s practice at VA. While VA providers do not need to hold a license in the same State where the medical facility resides, the conferees believe such State’s medical board should, nonetheless, have access to information about a clinical violation committed at a facility in their State to ensure the board can adequately ful-fill its obligation to uphold safe medical practice. The Department is directed to sub-mit a report to the Committees not later than 90 days after the beginning of fiscal year 2017 providing an assessment of VA field compliance with Veterans Health Adminis-tration Handbook 1100.18 and its ability to provide full reporting to SLBs in instances where licensed healthcare professionals’ be-havior or clinical practice so substantially failed to meet generally-accepted standards of clinical practice that it needed to be re-ported in compliance with Handbook 1100.18. Non-VA care provider reviews.—As the De-partment continues to increase the scope and size of its non-VA care programs, it is imperative that VA develop policies that en-sure that a healthcare provider removed from employment with the Veterans Health Administration due to substandard care, pro-fessional misconduct, or violation of the re-quirements of his or her medical license does not subsequently reemerge as a contracted healthcare provider in the community care programs, including the Choice Program. Therefore, the conferees direct the Depart-ment to submit to the Committees not later than the beginning of fiscal year 2017 the current VHA policy on entering into con-tractual agreements with private providers, either directly or through a third-party ad-ministrator, and the provisions of that pol-icy which detail how VA ensures that no healthcare providers removed for misconduct subsequently become providers through the VA’s community care programs. In addition, the Department is directed to include, with the policy, what enforcement mechanisms are currently in place as a safeguard and any legislative authorities needed to ensure that veterans receive the highest quality of care from healthcare providers on contract to VA. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  The conference agreement provides $5,434,880,000 in advance for fiscal year 2018 for Medical Facilities, as well as $247,668,000 in fiscal year 2017 funding, which is in addi-tion to the advance funding provided last year. Of the advance funding, $250,000,000 is made available through fiscal year 2019. Medical facility inspections for food service and environmental quality.—The conferees are disturbed by reports of sanitation and insect infestation problems at food service areas and kitchens at VA healthcare facilities, de-spite existing internal requirements for peri-odic inspections. In addition, health-threat-ening mold has been found in some VA facili-ties, as documented by the VA Inspector General. The conference agreement includes bill language in sections 251 and 252 requir-ing VA to contract with the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organiza-tions to conduct annual inspections of healthcare facility food service areas, with remediation and re-inspection required. Sec-tion 252 includes the requirement for the Joint Commission to conduct similar peri-odic reviews to inspect mold issues in VA medical facilities. Improved community-based outpatient clinics (CBOC) capabilities.—The conferees are con-cerned that VA needs to improve its plan-ning and contracting practices to allow for future expansion needs of CBOCs. In the case of the recently approved Rochester, New York CBOC (Phase I), the conferees have been informed that options to expand for po-tential future growth could not be included in the original lease contract, warranting procurement of a second facility. The con-ferees urge the Department to consider eco-nomic benefits when considering locations. Furthermore, the Department is directed to provide a report to the Committees not later than the beginning of fiscal year 2017 ad-dressing the rationale as to why such flexi-bility cannot be included in lease contracts and identify any barriers, including nec-essary statutory changes, to ensure such op-tions for flexibility are included in future lease contracts. Green energy management program .—Given congressional concern with some prior wind energy projects, the conferees believe that the Committees need a clearer budget pres-entation of all green energy projects—wind, solar, geothermal, etc.—proposed to be fund-ed in the fiscal year 2018 budget. Because green energy management funding was used to backfill shortfalls in the Denver hospital construction project, the Committees have difficulty discerning the strategic funding plans that remain for VA green energy man-agement. Budget presentation.—The conferees have found the current budget presentation for Medical Facilities distressingly difficult to interpret. The conferees direct VA in the fis-cal year 2018 budget submission and in future years to include a list of the projects that are funded in the request, with the project’s Strategic Capital Investment Priorities score identified. Recognizing that the list of funded projects may change during the course of the year, VA is directed to provide quarterly updates to the Committees that identify any changes to the list provided in the budget. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  The conference agreement provides $675,366,000 for Medical and Prosthetic Re-search, available until September 30, 2018. Bill language is included to ensure that the Secretary allocates adequate funding for re-search on gender-appropriate prosthetics and toxic exposures. Gulf War symptoms study.—The conferees are aware that on March 23, 2015, VA con-tracted with the Institute of Medicine to ful-fill the mandated Gulf War and post-9/11 vet-erans report as required by Public Law 110– 389 and that VA is now in receipt of the re-port. The conferees direct the Department to review the report in an expeditious manner and transmit it to the appropriate congres-sional committees of jurisdiction not later than 60 days after the beginning of fiscal year 2017. New research areas.—As indicated in the House report, the conferees encourage VA to create a Center of Innovation for research support and use as candidates for initial re-search hyperbaric oxygen therapy and mag-netic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy. Study on toxic exposures.—The conferees are aware the Department is finalizing a con-tract with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine (NASEM) to assess the current research available on possible generational health ef-fects that may be the result of toxic expo-sures experienced by veterans. The conferees are aware NASEM will also assess areas re-quiring further scientific study on the de-scendants of veterans with toxic exposures. In addition, NASEM will further assess the scope and methodology required to conduct research on such descendants to identify cur-rent or possible health effects in the vet-erans’ descendants. The study will be similar to what is directed in the Senate report. The Committees have been provided a detailed list of the scope of the study and are aware the contract is to be awarded in fiscal year 2017. The conferees intend to monitor the award of this contract closely and expect the Department to finalize the award, as summa-rized above and presented to the Commit-tees. NATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  The conference agreement provides $286,193,000 for the National Cemetery Ad-ministration (NCA). Of the amount provided, not to exceed 10 percent is available until September 30, 2018. Rural veterans burial initiative.—The De- partment is directed to submit to the Com-mittees not later than the beginning of fiscal year 2017 a report detailing the progress to date of the Rural Veterans Burial Initiative and the expected timeline for completion of such initiative. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The conference agreement provides $345,391,000 for General Administration. Of the amount provided, not to exceed 5 percent is available for obligation until September 30, 2018. The agreement continues to include bill language in section 233 permitting the transfer of funds from this account to Gen-eral Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration. The conference agreement provides $10,545,000 for the Office of the Secretary. The recommendation fully supports and pro-vides the requested amounts in fiscal year 2017 for the Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, the Center for Minority Veterans, the Center for Women Veterans, and the Office of Survivors Assist-ance. The Office of Government Relations is funded at $9,146,000, to include not more than $5,900,000 for functions previously conducted by the Office of Congressional and Legisla-tive Affairs. Within the amounts made available for General Administration, not less than an ad-ditional $1,500,000 shall be specifically re-served for the hiring of Veterans Integrated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.062 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6008 September 22, 2016 
Service Network (VISN) directors; these amounts shall supplement and not supplant amounts included in the budget request for the hiring of VISN directors. Savings below the requested level for the Office of Congres-sional and Legislative Affairs function and the immediate Office of the Secretary have been repurposed for this initiative, con-sistent with direction in the Senate report. Improving the veterans’ experience at VA .— The conferees note the Secretary is under-taking a major effort to better understand the myriad of ways veterans and eligible de-pendents interact with VA and then to meas-urably improve the veterans experience at the point of service delivery. The current customer experience when interacting with the Department is disjointed, inconsistent, and all too often frustrating for the veteran. For example, the VA has over 500 veteran- facing websites and almost a thousand 1–800 numbers for veterans to contact VA. To make matters worse, there is no consistent, VA-wide performance standard for the many call centers VA operates. In addition, the current process for training and integrating staff at VA is sorely lacking and not on par with commercial equivalents, particularly when it comes to front-line staff who di-rectly interface with veterans. Also, many of VA’s business processes (for example, com-pensation and pension exams) are built to be internal-facing instead of built to put the veteran at the center of the process. The sum of all these limitations has a direct impact on veterans. For example, only 47 percent of veterans surveyed marked ‘‘strongly agree or agree’’ with this statement: ‘‘I trust VA to fulfill our country’s commitment to vet-erans.’’ The conferees believe VA can and should redesign, measure, and improve the way VA provides services to veterans nation-wide, and note with interest the recent ef-forts by the Secretary to do that. The con-ferees are interested in the metrics and data the Department has promised it can provide that will show an increase in veteran satis-faction resulting from the efforts the Sec-retary’s office has put into place over the past year intending to improve the veteran experience. The Department is directed to report quarterly to the Committees metrics and data that show improvement in cus-tomer satisfaction, the veterans experience, and employee training. The conferees did not provide a direct appropriation for this effort in fiscal year 2017; however, the Department is able and expected to continue improving the veterans experience. Financial management system.—The con-ference agreement includes $8,000,000 in this account as well as $44,300,000 in the Informa-tion Technology Systems account for devel-opment of a new financial management sys-tem. The Department has dithered for years in replacing its antiquated legacy system and suffered the consequences of a near melt-down in the hospital system in 2015 when ob-ligations could not be correctly reported. The conferees urge VA to make a decision in fiscal year 2016 to replace its inadequate sys-tem with a 21st century product so that the Committees can rely on financial informa-tion from VA and VA can manage its obliga-tions. VA Patient Protection Act of 2016.—The con- ferees remain concerned about reports of re-taliation against whistleblowers within the Department across the Nation. VA has prom-ised to foster a culture of openness by en-couraging employees to report cases of wrongdoing, yet there continue to be reports that after bringing to light cases of wrong-doing, the whistleblowers become subjects of retaliation. The conferees note VA must cre-ate an environment that allows employees to openly and safely advocate on behalf of vet-erans, consistent with direction in the Sen-ate report. The conference agreement in-cludes bill language in section 247 that com-prehensively addresses the creation of a for-mal process for whistleblowers to file disclo-sures when operations within the Depart-ment fail to meet the high standards of care and service veterans deserve. Section 247 es-tablishes a Central Whistleblower Office de-signed as an independent investigatory body to process VA employee complaints, which will ensure whistleblower disclosures receive the prompt, impartial attention deserved. Section 247 defines what actions constitute prohibited retaliation against whistle-blowers, sets forth a process under which su-pervisors will be punished for handling dis-closures inappropriately, and requires VA su-pervisors to be evaluated on their handling of whistleblower complaints. Further, sec-tion 247 requires the Department to report annually to the Committees on the number of whistleblower complaints received and their outcomes and to provide the results of Office of Special Counsel investigations re-lated to whistleblower complaints. Quarterly reporting.—In section 218 of the conference agreement, the conferees con-tinue to direct VA to provide on a quarterly basis, not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, a quarterly financial status re-port that includes, at a minimum, the infor-mation identified in this paragraph. Such in-formation shall include: 1. VHA obligations and collections for the four Medical Care accounts, Nonrecurring Maintenance (as a non-add), Medical Re-search, the VA–DOD Facility Demonstration Fund, and Medical Care Collections Fund (MCCF) collections—actual to date versus plan; 2. Updated ‘VA Medical Care Obligations by Program’ chart displayed in the fiscal year 2017 budget justification; 3. Choice Act obligations for sections 801 and 802—actual to date versus plan; 4. Hepatitis C obligations, amounts funded through appropriations versus Choice Act, both sources actual to date versus plan; 5. Cumulative tracking of all transfers made under any authority, including each transfer within the Medical Care appropria-tions accounts; 6. General Administration obligations— personal services versus all other—actual to date versus plan; 7. Board of Veterans Appeals obligations— personal services versus all other—actual to date versus plan; 8. VBA, GOE obligations—personal services versus all other—actual to date versus plan; 9. Compensation and Pensions, Readjust-ment Benefits, and Veterans Insurance and Indemnities—obligations year-to-date versus plan; 10. NCA obligations—personal services versus all other—actual to date versus plan; 11. Information Technology Systems obli-gations—personal services versus all other— actual to date versus plan; 12. Major and Minor Construction obliga-tions—actual to date versus plan; 13. Obligations to date for each Major Con-struction project, broken into design versus construction; and 14. Status of VA full-time equivalent em-ployment—by Administration/IT and revolv-ing funds—by quarter, actual versus plan. 
BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  The conference agreement provides $156,096,000 for the Board of Veterans Appeals (BVA), of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018. Bill language is included in section 233 permitting VA to transfer funding between this account and the General Operating Ex-penses, Veterans Benefits Administration ac-count if needed to align funding with the ap-propriate account to hire staff to address the appeals backlog. The conference agreement provides the full budget request in recognition of the growing backlog in resolving appeals. However, the conferees are skeptical that, without the necessary legislative changes proposed by the Administration, VA will be able to make a significant dent in the backlog. As one step, the conferees urge the Board to hire ad-ditional BVA board members. Legal assistance.—The conferees request the Board to provide a report not later than 90 days after the beginning of fiscal year 2017 about the possible need for legal assistance by veterans who are appealing their ruling from the Veterans Benefits Administration. The report should include information about: (1) the percentage of appellants who receive free legal counsel from veterans service or-ganizations or others versus those who rep-resent themselves or have paid legal counsel; (2) the Board’s estimate of unmet legal need among appellants; (3) possible mechanisms to provide free legal assistance to veterans who do not have and are unable to afford legal assistance; and (4) the legal assistance program provided through the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims and whether such a program would be appropriate for the Board, including a description of program structure and cost. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The conference agreement provides $4,278,259,000 for Information Technology (IT) Systems. The agreement identifies sepa-rately in bill language the funding available for pay ($1,272,548,000); operations and main-tenance ($2,534,442,000); and systems develop-ment, modernization, and enhancement ($471,269,000). The agreement makes $37,100,000 of pay funding available until the end of fiscal year 2018; $180,200,000 of oper-ations and maintenance funding available until the end of fiscal year 2018; and all IT systems development, modernization and en-hancement funding available until the end of fiscal year 2018. The conference agreement includes $259,874,000 for VistA Evolution, the mod-ernization of the interoperable electronic health record (EHR) or any successor pro-gram; $143,000,000 in information technology funding for the Veterans Benefits Manage-ment System which processes disability claims; $19,100,000 for the claims appeals modernization effort; $20,000,000 for Section 508 compliance efforts; $44,300,000 for develop-ment of a new VA financial management sys-tem; and $370,067,000 for the VA information security program, including $125,000,000 for the Cybersecurity Strategy Implementation program. As with the fiscal year 2013–2016 appropria-tions Acts, the fiscal year 2017 agreement in-cludes a prohibition on obligation or expend-iture of more than 25 percent of fiscal year 2017 funds provided for development, mod-ernization, and enhancement of the VistA Evolution EHR or a successor program until the Department meets reporting and ac-countability requirements contained in the conference bill language. The conference agreement includes lan-guage prohibiting the obligation of IT devel-opment, modernization, and enhancement funding until VA submits a certification of the amounts to be obligated, in part or in full, for each development project. The conference agreement includes lan-guage permitting funding to be transferred among the three IT subaccounts, subject to approval from the Committees. The conference agreement includes lan-guage providing that funding may be trans-ferred among development projects or to new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.064 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6009 September 22, 2016 
projects subject to the Committees’ ap-proval. The conference agreement provides fund-ing for IT development, modernization, and enhancement for the projects and in the amounts specified in the following table: 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS 
(in thousands of dollars) Project Conference 
Electronic Health Record Interoperability/VLER Health ... 17,322 VistA Evolution or successor EHR program ..................... 63,339 Veterans Benefits Management System (VBMS) ............. 85,288 Virtual Lifetime Electronic Record (VLER) ....................... 17,857 Veteran Customer Experience .......................................... 73,624 VHA Research IT Support Development ........................... 15,066 Other IT Systems Development ........................................ 198,773 
Total, All Development ............................................ $471,269 
This table is intended to serve as the De-partment’s approved list of development projects; any requested changes are subject to reprogramming requirements. Appointment scheduling.—For more than a decade, VA has spent millions in an attempt to replace its antiquated scheduling system. VA has begun to fix some of the worst prob-lems in the system with its rollout of VistA Scheduling Enhancement (VSE). But further efforts to modernize scheduling have been put on hold until VA makes a decision about what direction to take with modernizing the electronic health record. The conferees un-derstand the need to align the two systems, but are distressed about the further delays in the implementation of both. The conferees expect that VA will finalize its strategic ap-proach for both the electronic health record and scheduling before the end of fiscal year 2016. Expenditure plan.—The conference agree-ment directs the Department to continue to provide an IT expenditure plan to the Com-mittees not later than the start of fiscal year 2017, as indicated in both the House and Senate reports. This plan should be in the same format as the table above. Periodic briefings.—The conferees continue to require VA to provide quarterly briefings to the Committees regarding schedule, mile-stones, and obligations for VistA Evolution or any successor program. The conferees also require quarterly briefings from the DOD/VA Interagency Program Office on the EHR interoperability project. Data matching with the Department of Edu-cation.—The conferees urge VA to establish a matching program with the Department of Education to identify veterans who are un-employable due to a service-connected dis-ability. Under current law, veterans who have been determined by VA to be unemploy-able due to a service-connected disability are also eligible for student loan forgiveness. However, given the complexity of the loan discharge process and the seeming lack of communication between the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Education, disabled veterans would stand to benefit from greater coordination between the two Departments. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  The conference agreement provides $160,106,000 for the Office of Inspector Gen-eral (OIG). Of the amount provided, not to exceed 10 percent is available for obligation until September 30, 2018. The conference agreement directs that the OIG should post publicly any report or audit not later than 3 days after it is submitted to the Secretary in final form. 
CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  The conference agreement provides $528,110,000 for Construction, Major Projects, which is the same as the budget request. The agreement makes this funding available for five years, except that $50,000,000 is made available until expended. Outside project management.—To ensure the Department will never again mishandle pub-lic funds on a construction project in the manner and to the degree the Denver VA Medical Center in Aurora, CO, was mis-managed, the conference agreement directs that $222,620,000 for Veterans Health Admin-istration major construction projects shall not be available until the Department enters into an agreement with a non-Department of Veterans Affairs Federal entity to serve as the design and/or construction agent for each major construction project with a total esti-mated cost of $100,000,000 or above. The con-ference agreement makes the funding avail-able for obligation for each project only after VA certifies that the agreement with the non-Department Federal entity is in ef-fect for that project. The two VHA projects affected by the fencing provision are in Reno, Nevada, and Long Beach, California. The requirement to contract with an outside agent for major construction projects was also mandated in Section 502 of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authori-ties Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–58), enacted on September 30, 2015. The law contemplates that the non-Department Federal entity will provide management over all or part of the project design, acquisition, construction, and appropriate contract changes, and the De-partment will reimburse the entity for all appropriate costs associated with the provi-sion of such services. The conference agreement funds the fol-lowing items as requested in the budget sub-mission: CONSTRUCTION, MAJOR PROJECTS 
(in thousands of dollars) Location and description Conference Agreement 
Veterans Health Admin. (VHA): Long Beach, CA, seismic corrections for mental health and community living center .................. $30,200 Reno, NV, upgrade seismic, life safety, utilities, and expand clinical services ............................. 192,420 Advance Planning and Design Fund—various locations 65,000 Major Construction staff—various locations .................. 24,000 Claims Analysis—various locations ................................ 5,000 Hazardous Waste—various locations .............................. 10,000 Judgment Fund—various locations ................................. 9,000 Non-Dept. Fed. Entity Project Management Support ....... 49,490 
Total VHA ................................................................ 385,110 National Cemetery Admin. (NCA): Elmira, NY—new national cemetery—Western NY 36,000 Las Animas, CO—new national cemetery—South-ern CO ................................................................ 36,000 Jacksonville, FL—gravesite expansion ................... 24,000 South Florida, FL —gravesite expansion ............... 31,000 Advance Planning and Design Fund—various lo-cations ................................................................ 10,000 
Total NCA ....................................................... 137,000 General Admin.: Staff Offices Advance Planning Fund .................... 6,000 
Major Construction total ................................ $528,110 
Major construction budget justification docu-ments.—The conferees reiterate their con-cerns regarding the budget justifications submitted for projects funded in this ac-count. The congressional budget justifica-tion materials that accompany the Presi-dent’s Budget require a greater level of de-tail to enhance oversight of the Depart-ment’s major construction projects. There-fore, the conference agreement includes a new administrative provision section 258, re-quiring the Department to submit enhanced budget justification documents for projects for which funds are requested. Pursuant to section 258, such justifications shall include, at a minimum, the following elements for all major construction projects: 1. Project description, to include phases (if applicable) delineated by fiscal year, funding for each phase by fiscal year, and a detailed description of what that funding procures; 2. Project justification and analysis of ben-efits; 3. A comparison of budget authority with the prior year’s President’s Budget for budg-et authority already received and needed in future years; 4. A justification of any cost, schedule, or design change from prior years; 5. Total estimated cost with a detailed breakout by design, construction (differen-tiated by primary and support facilities), and operating costs; 6. A complete project schedule to include dates indicating design start, 35 percent de-sign completion, award of construction docu-ments, design completion, award of construc-tion contract, and estimated construction completion; 7. Design contract type; 8. An analysis of alternatives with associ-ated costs; 9. Demographic data; and 10. Workload data. The Department is directed to submit this information in a format resembling the De-partment of Defense form 1391 (DD 1391). In addition, language is included requiring the Department to submit a proposed budget jus-tification template that complies with this requirement to the Committees within 45 days of enactment of this Act. Alternative sources of construction funding. — The conferees are aware of the budget chal-lenges with new facility construction at VA. The conferees are pleased that VA has begun to work with the private sector in developing public- private partnerships (P3). P3 projects take advantage of readily available private sector investment capital, expertise, and en-trepreneurial discipline. Where private sec-tor financing has already been identified, and where practical, the conferees urge VA to use a P3 model on future VA construction projects. CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  The conference agreement provides $372,069,000 for Construction, Minor Projects. The agreement makes this funding available for five years. Included within the total is $285,000,000 for the Veterans Health Adminis-tration; $56,890,000 for the National Cemetery Administration; $20,000,000 for the Veterans Benefits Administration; and $10,179,000 for General Administration—Staff Offices. Expenditure Plan.—The conference agree-ment includes a directive for the Depart-ment to provide an expenditure plan not later than 30 days after the beginning of the fiscal year, as provided in the Senate report. This expenditure plan shall include a com-plete list of minor construction projects to be supported with the fiscal year 2017 appro-priation. The plan shall be updated six months and twelve months after enactment. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF STATE  
EXTENDED CARE FACILITIES  The conference agreement provides $90,000,000 for Grants for Construction of State Extended Care Facilities, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS  
CEMETERIES  The conference agreement provides $45,000,000 for Grants for Construction of Vet-erans Cemeteries, to remain available until expended. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS AND RESCISSIONS OF  
FUNDS)  The conference agreement includes section 201 allowing for transfer of funds among the three mandatory accounts. The conference agreement includes section 202 allowing for the transfer of funds among the four medical accounts. The conference agreement includes section 203 allowing salaries and expenses funds to be used for related authorized purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.065 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6010 September 22, 2016 
The conference agreement includes section 204 restricting the accounts that may be used for the acquisition of land or the con-struction of any new hospital or home. The conference agreement includes section 205 limiting the use of funds in the Medical Services account only for entitled bene-ficiaries unless reimbursement is made to the Department. The conference agreement includes section 206 allowing for the use of certain mandatory appropriations accounts for payment of prior year accrued obligations for those accounts. The conference agreement includes section 207 allowing the use of appropriations avail-able in this title to pay prior year obliga-tions. The conference agreement includes section 208 allowing the Department to use surplus earnings from the National Service Life In-surance Fund, the Veterans’ Special Life In-surance Fund, and the United States Govern-ment Life Insurance Fund to administer these programs. The conference agreement includes section 209 allowing the Department to cover the ad-ministrative expenses of enhanced-use leases and provides authority to obligate these re-imbursements in the year in which the pro-ceeds are received. The conference agreement includes section 210 limiting the amount of reimbursement the Office of Resolution Management and the Office of Employment Discrimination Com-plaint Adjudication can charge other offices of the Department for services provided. The conference agreement includes section 211 requiring the Department to collect third-party payer information for persons treated for a non-service-connected dis-ability. The conference agreement includes section 212 allowing for the use of enhanced-use leas-ing revenues for Construction, Major Projects and Construction, Minor Projects. The conference agreement includes section 213 outlining authorized uses for Medical Services funds. The conference agreement includes section 214 allowing for funds deposited into the Medical Care Collections Fund to be trans-ferred to the Medical Services and Medical Community Care accounts. The conference agreement includes section 215 which allows Alaskan veterans to use medical facilities of the Indian Health Serv-ice or tribal organizations. The conference agreement includes section 216 permitting the transfer of funds from the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund to the Construction, Major Projects and Construction, Minor Projects accounts and makes those funds available until expended. The conference agreement includes section 217 rescinding $7,246,181,000 of fiscal year 2017 Medical Services funds that were provided in advance. This funding is now provided through the Medical Community Care ac-count. The conference agreement includes section 218 requiring the Secretary to submit finan-cial status quarterly reports for each of the Administrations in the Department. The spe-cific data requested is similar to that re-quested in the fiscal year 2016 conference re-port. The conference agreement includes section 219 requiring the Department to notify and receive approval from the Committees of any proposed transfer of funding to or from the Information Technology Systems account and limits the aggregate annual increase in the account to no more than 10 percent of the funding appropriated to the account in this Act. The conference agreement includes section 220 prohibiting any funds from being used in a manner that is inconsistent with statutory limitations on outsourcing. The conference agreement includes section 221 providing up to $274,731,000 of fiscal year 2017 funds for transfer to the Joint DOD–VA Medical Facility Demonstration Fund. The conference agreement includes section 222 which permits up to $280,802,000 of fiscal year 2018 medical care funding provided in advance to be transferred to the Joint DOD– VA Medical Facility Demonstration Fund. The conference agreement includes section 223 which authorizes transfers from the Med-ical Care Collections Fund to the Joint DOD– VA Medical Facility Demonstration Fund. The conference agreement includes section 224 which transfers at least $15,000,000 from VA medical accounts to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund. The conference agreement includes section 225 prohibiting funds available to the Depart-ment in this or any other Act from being used to replace the current system by which VISNs select and contract for diabetes moni-toring supplies and equipment. The conference agreement includes section 226 requiring that the Department notify the Committees of bid savings in a major con-struction project of at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent, whichever is less, 14 days prior to the obligation of the bid savings and their anticipated use. The conference agreement includes section 227 which prohibits VA from increasing the scope of work for a major construction project above the scope specified in the origi-nal budget request unless the Secretary re-ceives approval from the Committees. The conference agreement includes section 228 requiring a quarterly report from each VBA regional office on pending disability claims, both initial and supplemental; error rates; the number of claims processing per-sonnel; corrective actions taken; training programs; and review team audit results. The conference agreement includes section 229 limiting the funding from the Medical Services and Medical Support and Compli-ance accounts for the electronic health record and electronic health record inter-operability projects. The conference agreement includes section 230 requiring VA to notify the Committees 15 days prior to any staff office relocations within VA of 25 or more FTE. The conference agreement includes section 231 requiring the Secretary to report to the Committees each quarter about any single national outreach and awareness marketing campaign exceeding $2,000,000. The conference agreement includes section 232 permitting the transfer to the Medical Services account of fiscal year discretionary 2017 funds appropriated in this Act or avail-able from advance fiscal year 2017 funds al-ready appropriated, except for funds appro-priated to General Operating Expenses, VBA, to address possible unmet, high priority needs in Medical Services. Such unantici-pated demands may result from cir-cumstances such as a greater than projected number of enrollees or higher intensity of use of benefits. Any such transfer requires the approval of the Committees. The conference agreement includes section 233 permitting the transfer of funding be-tween the General Operating Expenses, Vet-erans Benefits Administration account and the Board of Veterans Appeals account if necessary to permit the hiring of staffing at the appropriate stage of the appeals process to address mounting claims appeals work-load. Any such transfer requires the approval of the Committees. The conference agreement includes section 234 prohibiting the Secretary from re-programming funds in excess of $5,000,000 among major construction projects or pro-grams unless the reprogramming is approved by the Committees. The conference agreement includes section 235 rescinding $40,000,000 in unobligated bal-ances in the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund. The conference agreement includes sec-tions 236 and 237 making general rescissions of $169,000,000 in fiscal year 2017 advance ap-propriations and reductions of $23,000,000 in fiscal year 2017 current funded appropria-tions. The conference agreement includes section 238 mandating certain professional standards for the veterans crisis hotline. The conference agreement includes section 239 pertaining to certification of marriage and family therapists. The conference agreement includes section 240 restricting funds from being used to close certain medical facilities in the absence of a national realignment strategy. The conference agreement includes section 241 which prohibits funds from being used to transfer funding from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other VA account. The conference agreement includes section 242 which provides an extension through fis-cal year 2017 of the Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH) program. The conference agreement includes section 243 which ends a co-payment requirement for opioid antagonists and supports education on the use of opioid antagonists. The conference agreement includes section 244 requiring the VA Inspector General to make public all work products. The conference agreement includes section 245 permitting funding to be used in fiscal years 2017 and 2018 to carry out and expand the child care pilot program authorized by section 205 of Public Law 111–163. The conference agreement includes section 246 making mandatory the reporting to State prescription drug monitoring pro-grams. The conference agreement includes section 247 which includes the text of the VA Patient Protection Act of 2016 addressing protections for VA whistleblowers. The conference agreement includes section 248 identifying information which may be used to verify the status of coastwise mer-chant seamen who served during World War II for the purposes of eligibility for medals, ribbons, or other military decorations. The conference agreement includes section 249 providing monthly assistance allowances for disabled veterans competing on United States Olympic teams. The conference agreement includes section 250 which provides coverage under the VA beneficiary travel program for certain types of special disabilities rehabilitation. The conference agreement includes section 251 which requires VA to conduct annual in-spections of kitchens and food service areas of each medical facility, through the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Or-ganizations, with required remediation if necessary. The conference agreement includes section 252 which requires VA to conduct periodic in-spections of mold issues at VA medical fa-cilities through the Joint Commission on Ac-creditation of Hospital Organizations, along with required remediation if necessary. The conference agreement includes section 
253 reinstating the requirement for a report on the capacity of VA to provide for special-ized treatment and rehabilitative needs of disabled veterans. The conference agreement includes section 254 permitting the Secretary to use appro-priated funds to ensure particular ratios of veterans to full-time employment equiva-lents within any VA program of rehabilita-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.067 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6011 September 22, 2016 
The conference agreement includes section 255 indicating that no funds available in the Act may be used to deny the Inspector Gen-eral timely access to Department records and documents over which the Inspector General has responsibilities under the In-spector General Act of 1978. The conference agreement includes section 256 forbidding funds to be used to enter into a settlement that would restrict an individ-ual’s freedom to speak to Members of Con-gress or their staff. The conference agreement includes section 257 providing authority for the Veterans Health Administration to administer the Na-tional Veterans Sports Program. The conference agreement includes section 258 requiring certain data to be included in budget justifications for Major Construction projects. The conference agreement includes section 259 which authorizes 8 VA major construc-tion projects that were funded in fiscal year 2016. The conference agreement includes section 260 allowing the use of Medical Services funding for fertility treatment and adoption reimbursement for veterans and their spouses if the veteran has a service-con-nected disability that results in being unable to procreate without such fertility treat-ment. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall de-velop and publish implementing guidance within 120 days of enactment of this Act. The implementing guidance developed by the Secretary shall not be materially different from, and in no way more expansive than, the implementing guidance promulgated by the Department of Defense in the April 3, 2012 memorandum from the Assistant Sec-retary of Defense (Health Affairs) entitled ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severly Ill/In-jured (Category II or III) Active Duty Serv-ice Members’’. TITLE III—RELATED AGENCIES 
AMERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  The conference agreement includes $75,100,000 for Salaries and Expenses of the American Battle Monuments Commission (ABMC), as requested. The conferees appreciate and support the meaningful work of the ABMC to preserve commemorative and historical sites and to educate the public about the United States Armed Forces. The conferees further recog-nize the critical role that African Americans and other minorities played during World War II. The conferees urge the ABMC to partner with Department of Defense histo-rians to ensure that these servicemembers and support staff are properly recognized at ABMC sites. Further, the conferees direct the ABMC to appropriately incorporate the contributions of African Americans and other minorities into ABMC’s interpretive exhibits and on the ABMC website. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  The conference agreement includes such sums as necessary for the Foreign Currency Fluctuations Account. However, due to fa-vorable exchange rates, no funds are ex-pected to be required in fiscal year 2017. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  
VETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  The conference agreement includes $30,945,000 for Salaries and Expenses for the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, as requested. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL  
CEMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  The conference agreement includes $70,800,000 for Cemeterial Expenses, Army— Salaries and Expenses, as requested. Within that amount, up to $15,000,000 in funding is available until September 30, 2019. 
ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME TRUST FUND  The conference agreement includes a total of $64,300,000 for the Armed Forces Retire-ment Home (AFRH), as requested, but does not provide the funds in the manner re-quested. The agreement does not include the indefinite transfer of an estimated $22,000,000 in funds from the Department of Defense (DOD), Operations and Maintenance, De-fense-Wide Account, as requested. Instead, the conference agreement directs that $42,300,000 be derived from the Trust Fund and $22,000,000 be provided from the General Fund to support AFRH operations. Trust Fund Solvency.—The conferees are disappointed the Department of Defense did not include with the fiscal year 2017 budget request legislative proposals and administra-tive actions that can be taken under current law in order to achieve Trust Fund solvency in spite of clear direction to do so in the Ex-planatory Statement accompanying Public Law 114–113, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016. Both legislative and administra-tive actions are necessary to improve Trust Fund solvency, eliminate AFRH’s reliance on the General Fund, and maintain the high- quality services provided to AFRH residents. The conferees again direct DOD, working with AFRH, to take appropriate administra-tive action and to develop and submit pro-posed authorizing language with the fiscal year 2018 budget request that addresses the issue of Trust Fund solvency. In addition, AFRH is directed to regularly report to the Committees on efforts to stabilize the Trust Fund and to lease its property at the Wash-ington, D.C. facility. Study Findings and Proposals .—AFRH’s budget request notes that DOD has under-taken an in-depth study to develop mid-term and long-term plans to improve Trust Fund solvency. The study also includes an analysis of AFRH operations to include benchmarking and to identify potential leg-islative changes to revise AFRH’s funding model. The Committees request further in-formation from DOD regarding the study, in-cluding a report on its cost, scope of work, deliverables, and timeline, and requests a briefing on the findings and resulting pro-posals. The conferees are troubled that the study’s statement of work seems to be fo-cused on cuts to core AFRH operations as a means of achieving Trust Fund solvency. The conference agreement directs that AFRH and the Department of Defense sub-mit by October 1, 2016, a proposal that en-sures the long-term sustainability of the Trust Fund by replenishing the Trust Fund’s revenues, not by cutting core AFRH oper-ations. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS The conference agreement includes section 301 permitting funds to be provided to Ar-lington County, Virginia, for the relocation of a water main located on the Arlington Na-tional Cemetery property. The conference agreement includes section 302 allowing Arlington National Cemetery to deposit and use funds derived from conces-sions. TITLE IV—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  The conference agreement includes title IV, Overseas Contingency Operations, for military construction projects related to the Global War on Terrorism, the European Re-assurance Initiative and Counterterrorism Support that were requested by the Adminis-tration in the Fiscal Year 2017 Overseas Con-tingency Operations budget request. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY  The conference agreement includes $18,900,000 for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, as requested in the Fiscal Year 2017 Overseas Contingency Operations budget re-quest, for planning and design in support of the European Reassurance Initiative. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  
CORPS  The conference agreement includes $59,809,000 for ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, as requested in the Fis-cal Year 2017 Overseas Contingency Oper-ations budget request, of which $21,400,000 is in support of the European Reassurance Ini-tiative and $38,409,000 is in support of Over-seas Contingency Operations. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIR FORCE  The conference agreement includes $88,291,000 for ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, as requested in the Fiscal Year 2017 Overseas Contingency Operations budget re-quest, of which $68,280,000 is in support of the European Reassurance Initiative, $11,440,000 is in support of Overseas Contingency Oper-ations, and $8,571,000 is in support of counter-terrorism efforts. 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE The conference agreement includes $5,000,000 for ‘‘Military Construction, De-fense-Wide’’, as requested in the Fiscal Year 2017 Overseas Contingency Operations budget request, for unspecified minor military con-struction for the Joint Staff in support of the European Reassurance Initiative. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  The conference agreement includes section 401 regarding emergency designation for the Overseas Contingency Operations accounts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.069 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6012 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.070 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 221 here EH22JN16.013emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEOVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
FY 2017 OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED 
NAVY 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ......... . 
AIR FORCE 
PLANNING AND DESIGN. 
DJIBOUTI 
NAVY 
CAMP LEMONIER 
MEDICAL/DENTAL FACILITY .................... . 
AIR FORCE 
CHABELLEY AIRFIELD 
ACCESS ROAD. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .......... . 
PARKING APRON AND TAXIWAY ....................... , 
EUROPEAN REASSURANCE INITIATIVE 
BULGARIA 
AIR FORCE 
GRAF IGNATIEVO 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS/OPERATION ALERT 
FIGHTER RAMP EXTENSION .... 
UPGRADE MUNITIONS STORAGE. 
AIR FORCE 
AMARI AB 
BULK FUEL STORAGE. 
AIR FORCE 
SPANGDAHLEM AB ESTONIA 
GERMANY FACILITY ..... . 
HIGH CAPACITY TRIM PAD AND HUSH HOUSE ............ . F/A-22 
LOW OBSERVABLE/COMPOSITE REPAIR FACILITY .... . F/A-22 
UPGRADE 
I NFRASTRUCTURE/COMHUNICATIONS/ UTILITIES .......... . 
UPGRADE HARDENED AIRCRAFT SHELTERS FOR F/A-22 ...... . 
UPGRADE MUNITION STORAGE DOORS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
NAVY 
KEFLAVIK ICELAND 
P-BA AIRCRAFT RINSE FACILITY .... . 
P-BA HANGAR UPGRADE ........... . 
AIR FORCE 
SIAULIAI LITHUANIA 
MUNITIONS STORAGE ........... . 
AIR FORCE 
LASK AIR BASE POLAND 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY .................. . 
POWIDZ 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY ....................... . BUDGET 
REQUEST 
1 '000 
940 
37,409 
3,600 
6,900 
3,800 
7,000 
2,600 
6,500 
1,000 
12,000 
t ,600 
2,700 
1 ,400 
5,000 
14,600 
3,000 
4,100 
4' 100 HOUSE 
1,000 
940 
37,409 
3,600 
6,900 
3,800 
7,000 
2,600 
6.500 
1,000 
12,000 
1,600 
2,700 
1,400 
5,000 
14.600 
3,000 
4,100 
4,100 SENATE CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
1. 000 
940 
37,409 
3,600 
6,900 
3,800 
7,000 
6,500 
18,000 
580 
2,700 
5,000 
14,600 
3,000 
4,100 
4,100 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6013 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.070 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 222 here EH22JN16.014emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEOVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
AIR FORCE 
CAMP TURZil ROMANIA 
MUNITIONS STORAGE AREA ............................ . 
SQUADRON OPERATIONS FACILITY. . ............ . 
TWO-BAY HANGAR ..................................... . 
EXTEND PARKING APRONS .......................... . 
WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED 
ARMY 
PlANNING AND DESIGN. 
NAVY 
PLANNING AND DESIGN ....... . 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
UNSPECIFIED MINOR CONSTRUCTION 
THE JOINT STAFF .... 
COUNTERTERRORISM SUPPORT 
WORLDWIDE UNSPECIFIED 
AIR FORCE 
PlANNING AND DESIGN ........................... . 
NOTE; FUNDING FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION WAS REQUESTED AND IS DISPLAYED 
IN TITLE IV. THE SENATE PROVIDED FUNDING FOR THESE 
PROJECTS IN TITLE I. BUDGET 
REQUEST 
3.000 3,400 
6,100 6,000 
18,900 
1 ,800 
5,000 
9,000 HOUSE SENATE 
3,000 3.400 
6,100 6,000 
18,900 
1,800 
5,000 
8.551 CONFERENCE 
AGREEMENT 
3,000 
3,400 
6,100 6,000 
18,900 
1,800 
5,000 
8,571 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6014 September 22, 2016 
TITLE V—GENERAL PROVISIONS The conference agreement includes section 501 prohibiting the obligation of funds in this Act beyond the current fiscal year unless ex-pressly so provided. The conference agreement includes section 502 prohibiting the use of the funds in this Act for programs, projects, or activities not in compliance with Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of private property rights, or unfunded mandates. The conference agreement includes section 503 encouraging all Departments to expand their use of ‘‘E-Commerce.’’ The conference agreement includes section 504 specifying the congressional committees that are to receive all reports and notifica-tions. The conference agreement includes section 505 prohibiting the transfer of funds to any instrumentality of the United States Gov-ernment without authority from an appro-priations Act. The conference agreement includes section 506 prohibiting the use of funds for a project or program named for a serving Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the United States House of Representatives. The conference agreement includes section 507 requiring all reports submitted to Con-gress to be posted on official web sites of the submitting agency. The conference agreement includes section 508 prohibiting the use of funds to establish or maintain a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography, except for law enforcement investigation, prosecution, or adjudication activities. The conference agreement includes section 509 prohibiting the use of funds for the pay-ment of first-class air travel by an employee of the executive branch. The conference agreement includes section 510 prohibiting the use of funds in this Act for any contract where the contractor has not complied with E-Verify requirements. The conference agreement includes section 511 prohibiting the use of funds in this Act by the Department of Defense or the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for the purchase or lease of a new vehicle except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. The conference agreement includes section 512 prohibiting the use of funds in this Act for the renovation, expansion, or construc-tion of any facility in the continental United States for the purpose of housing any indi-vidual who has been detained at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.070 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6015 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.071 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 225 here EH22JN16.015emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE I · DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
Military Construction, Army ... 
Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps. 
Military Construction, Air Force .............. . 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide .... . 
Total, Active components ............ . 
Military Construction, Army National Guard ............ 
Military Construction, Air National Guard. ........... 
Military Construction, Army Reserve ................... 
Military Construction, Navy Reserve ..... . . . . -. . . . . . 
Military Construction, Air Force Reserve .............. 
Total, Reserve components ......................... 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment 
Program ................................ ... ' . ' ... 
Department of Defense Base Closure Account ............ 
Total, Military Construction .... ....... 
Fam ly Hous ng Construction, Army ..................... 
Fam ly Hous ng Operation and Maintenance, Army ....... 
Fam ly Hous ng Construction, Navy and Marine Corps .... FY 2016 
Enacted 663,245 
1,669,239 1 '389' 185 2 
'242 '867 FY 2017 
Request 503,459 
1,027,763 1,481,058 2,056,091 House Senate 
503,459 532,359 
1 ,021 '580 1,087,572 
1,398,758 1,579,798 2,024,643 2,038,980 Conference Agreement 513,459 
1,021 ,580 
1,491,058 2,025,444 
--~-~~----------------------------------------------------------------
5,964,536 5,068,371 4,948,440 5,238,709 5,051,541 
197,237 232,930 232,930 232,930 232,930 
138,738 143,957 143,957 143,957 143,957 
113,595 68,230 68,230 68,230 68,230 
36,078 38,597 38,597 38,597 38,597 
65,021 188,950 188,950 188,950 188' 950 
••••••••••••-----••n••••••m• •••••••••••••• •••••••••••••• •••••••••••••• 
550,669 672,664 672,664 672,664 672,664 
135,000 177,932 177,932 177' 932 177' 932 
266,334 205,237 230,237 205,237 240,237 
~:~::========= ============== ============== ============== ============== 
6,916,539 6.124' 204 6,029,273 6,294,542 6,142,374 
============== ============== ==========~=== ======~======= ==~=~========= 
108,695 200,735 200,735 200,735 157,172 
375,611 325,995 325,995 325,995 325,995 
16,541 94,011 94,011 94,011 94,011 Conference vs Enacted -149,786 -647,659 +101,873 ·217,423 ·912,995 +35,693 +5,219 -45,365 +2,519 
+123,929 +121,995 +42,932 Conference vs Request +10,000 -6,183 +10,000 -30,647 -16,830 
-26,097 +35,000 
-774,165 +18,170 
+48,477 -43,563 
-49,616 +77,470 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6016 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.071 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 226 here EH22JN16.016emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Navy and 
Marine Corps. .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Family Housing Construction, Air Force ............... , 
Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Air Force .. 
Family Housing Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide Department 
of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund 
....................................... . 
Total, Family Housing ............ . 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
Military Construction, Army (Sec. 127) (rescission) ... 
Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps (H. Sec. 
126) (rescission) ......................... . 
Defense Access Roads (Sec. 132) ................. . 
Military Construction, Air Force (Sec. 127) 
(rescission) ...................................... . 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide (Sec. 127) ( 
rescission) ....................................... . 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide -Planning and 
Oesi gn (Sec. 127) .................................. . 
Military Construction, Army (Sec. 125) .. , ........ ,., .. 
Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps (Sec. 
125) .......... ' ...... ' ' ....... ' ................ ' ... . 
Military Construction, Army National Guard (Sec. 125). FY 2016 
Enacted 353,036 160,498 331,232 58,668 
1,404,281 -86,420 30,000 -46,400 -134' 000 
34,500 34,500 51,300 FY 2017 
Request 300,915 61,352 274,429 59,157 3,258 
1,319,852 ---------------------House 
300,915 61,352 274,429 59,157 3,258 
1,319,852 -25,000 -51,848 ------
-37,377 40,500 293,600 67,500 Senate 
300,915 61 '352 
274,429 59' 157 
3,258 
1 '319, 852 
-30,000 ---
-22,340 -132,283 40,500 143.000 16,500 Conference Agreement 300,915 61,352 274,429 59,157 3,258 
1,276,289 -29,602 ---
-51,460 -141 ,600 -30,000 40,500 227,099 67,500 Conference vs Enacted -52.121 -99,146 -56,803 +489 
+3,258 
-127,992 Conference vs Request -43,563 
~~~=~=~~====== =============~ 
+56,818 -30,000 -5,060 -7,600 -30,000 +6,000 
+192,599 +16,200 ·29,602 -51 ,460 
-141,600 -30,000 +40,500 +227,099 +67,500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6017 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.071 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 227 here EH22JN16.017emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Military Construction, Army Reserve (Sec. 125) ... 
NATO Security Investment Program (Sec. 127) ( 
rescission) .................................. . 
42 USC 3374 (Sec. 128) ...................... . 
Military Construction, Air Force (Sec. 125) .... . 
Military Construction, Defense-Wide (S. Sec. 125). 
Military Construction, Air National Guard (Sec. 125). 
Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps (Sec. 
126) ......... '.' ................. '. ' .... ' .... ''. 
Military Construction, Air Force Reserve ......... .. 
Family Housing, Army (S. Sec. 125) ................... . FY 2016 
Enacted 34,200 
-105,000 21,000 ---
6,100 10,400 FY 2017 
Request ---------------House 
86,500 -30,000 -25,000 26,000 ------Senate 30,000 -15,000 ---
195,465 64,364 11,000 ---
14,400 Conference Agreement 30,000 -30,000 -25,000 149,500 ---
11 ,000 
89,400 ---
============== ============== ============== ========:~==:= =~============ 
Total. Administrative Provisions ................. . -149,820 ---344,875 315,606 307,337 
Appropriations ....... . (222,000) ---(514, 100) (515,229) (614,999) 
Rescissions ............ . ( -371 ,820) ---(-169,225) ( -199' 623) (-307,662) 
General Provisions 
Arlington Cemetery Defense Access Road (FY 2016) (S. Sec. 
1 30) . . . . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
.................. . 30,000 Conference vs Enacted -4,200 -30,000 +80,000 +128,500 ---
+4,900 +89,400 -10,400 Conference vs Request +30,000 -30,000 -25,000 +149,500 ---
+11 ,000 +89,400 
============== ============== 
+457' 157 +307 ,337 (+392,999) 
(+614,999) 
(+64, 158) ( -307 ,662) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6018 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.071 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 228 here EH22JN16.018emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEDIVISION A. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
(FY 2016, rescission) (S. Sec. 130). 
Total, General Provisions ........ . 
Total, title I. Department of Defense ...... . 
Appropri at i ens ......................... . 
Rescissions .............................. . TITLE 
II -DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
Veterans Benefits Administration 
Compensation and pensions: 
Advance from prior year .. 
Current year request ....... . 
Subtotal, current year .. 
Advance appropriation, FY 201 B ................... . 
Readjustment benefits: 
Advance from prior year ................. . 
Current year request. 
Subtotal ... FY 2016 
Enacted FY 2017 
Request House Senate 
-30.000 Conference Agreement 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
8,171,000 (9,542,820) (-371,820) 7,444,056 (7,444,056) 7 ,694', 000 
(7,863,225) (-169.225) 7,930,000 (8,129, 623) ( 
-199, 623) 7,726,000 (8,033,662) (-307,662) 
============== ============== ============~~ ~~~==~~=~===== ============== 
( 86' 083. 128) ( 86 '083. 128) (86 ,083,128) (86,083,128) 
76' 865' 545 ------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------
76,865,545 86,083., 2.8 86,063,128 86,083,128 66' 063. 128 
86.083' 128 90,119,449 90,119,449 90,119,449 90,119,449. 
( 1 6' 340 '828) (16,340,828) (16,340,828) (16,340,828) 
14,313,357 ---------
------------------------------.--~~~----------~~-----------------------
14,313,357 16,340,828 16,340,626 16,340,828 16,340,828 Conference vs Enacted 
-445,000 ( -509' 158) 
(+64,158) 
(+86. 083' 1 28) 
-76,865,545 Conference vs Request 
+281,944 (+589,606) ( -307 '662) 
-----
-------
-- ----------~ -~ -
+9,217,583 +4,036,32.1 
(+16,340,828) -14,313,357 ----------------------------+2,027,471 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6019 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.071 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 229 here EH22JN16.019emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Advance appropriation, FY 2018 ................... . 
Veterans insurance and indemnities: 
Advance from prior year .. 
Current year request ............... . 
Subtotal. 
Advance appropriation, FY 2018. 
Veterans housing benefit program fund: 
(indefinite) ....................... . 
(Limitation on direct loans) ... . 
Administrative expenses .......................... . 
Vocational rehabilitation loans program account .. 
(Limitation on direct loans) ................ . 
Administrative expenses .......................... . 
Native American veteran housing loan program account. 
General operating expenses, V8A .................... . FY 2016 
Enacted 
16,340,828 77' 160 
77' 160 
91 '920 (500) 
164,558 31 
(2,952) 367 1 '134 
2,707,734 FY 2017 
Request 
13,708,648 (91,920) 16,605 108,525 107,899 (500) 
198,856 36 
(2 ,517) 389 1 '163 
2' 826' 160 House 
13,708,648 (91 ,920) 
16,605 108,525 107,899 (500) 
167,612 36 
(2,517) 389 
1' 163 
2,826,160 Senate 
13,708,648 (91 ,920) 
16,605 108,525 107,899 (500) 
198,856 36 
(2,517) 389 
1 '163 
2,856,160 Conference Agreement 
13,708,648 (91 .920) 
16,605 108,525 107,899 (500) 
198,856 36 
(2,517) 389 1 '163 
2,856,160 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
Total, Veterans Benefits Administration .. .. 
Appropriations ............................. . Advance 
appropriations, FY 2018 .... . Advances from 
prior year appropriations. 196,645,762 (94, 129,886) 
(102,515,876) 106,979,205 (3,043,209) 
(103' 935 '996) 106,947,961 (3,011,965) 
(1 03' 935' 996) 107,009,205 (3,073,209) 
(103,935,996) 107,009,205 (3,073,209) 
(103,935,996) 
(102,515,876) (102,515,876) (102,515,876) (102,515,876) Conference vs Enacted 
-2' 632.180 (~91,920) -60,555 ~31 ,365 
+15,979 +34,298 +5 
[ -435) +22 +29 
+148,426 
-89,636,557 (-91 ,056,677) 
(+1 '420, 120) 
(+102,515,876) Conference vs Request +30,000 +30,000 (+30,000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6020 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.071 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 230 here EH22JN16.020emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
FY 2016 
Enacted FY 2017 
Request House Senate 
Veterans Health Administration 
Medical services: 
Advance from prior year. 
Current year request. ............. ..... ' .......... ' (47,603,202) 2 ,369,158 (51 ,673,000) (51 ,673,000) (51,673,000) 
1.078,993 864,000 1,078,993 Conference Agreement 
(51.673,000) 1,078,993 
------w---~-•• •••••••••••••• ••••oO••••••••• •••••••••••••• •••••••••-~--• 
Subtotal .. ' ... ' .. ' ........... 49,972,360 52,751,993 52,537,000 52,751,993 52,751,993 
Advance appropriation, FY 2018 ............. . 51.673,000 44,886,554 44,886,554 44,886,554 44,886,554 
Medical community care: 
Advance appropriation, FY 2018. . . . . . . ....... . 9' 409' 118 9 ,409,118 9,409,118 9,409, 118 
Transfer from medical care accounts ........ . (7,246,181) ( 7 , 246, 1 81 ) ··----
Current year request .. 7,246,181 7,246,181 
-------------- ---------------------------------------------------~----
Subtotal ........ . 16,655,299 16,655,299 16,655,299 16,655,299 
Medical support and compliance: 
Advance from prior year ............... . (6, 144,000) (6,524,000) (6,524,000) (6,524,000) (6,524,000) 
Current year request .................. . 
Subtotal ............. . 6' 144' 000 6,524,000 6,524,000 6,524,000 6,524,000 
Advance appropriation, FY 2018 ................... . 6,524,000 6,654,480 6,654,480 6,654,480 6,654,480 Conference vs Enacted 
(+4,069,798) -1,290' 165 
+2,779,633 -6,786,446 +9,409' 118 
+7 ,246,181 
+16,655,299 (+380,000) +380,000 +130,480 Conference vs Request 
( -7 ' 246 ' 181 ) 
+7 ,246,181 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6021 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.071 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 231 here EH22JN16.021emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
Medical facilities: 
Advance from prior year .... 
Current year request .. DIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
FV 2016 
Enacted 
(4,915,000) 
105,132 FY 2017 
Request 
(5,074,000) 
649,000 House Senate 
(5,074,000) (5,074,000) 
--- 495,100 Conference 
Agreement 
(5,074,000) 
247,668 
-------------- -·------------ ~--------M·--- -------------- --------------
Subtotal ................. . Advance 
appropriation, FY 2018 .. 
Medical and prosthetic research. 
Medical care cost recovery collections: 
Offsetting collections ............. . 
Appropriations (indefinite) .. 
Suototal ............... . 
OoD-VA Joint Medical Funds (transfers out) ............ 
DoD-VA Joint Medical Funds (by transfer) .............. 
DoD-VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund (Transfer 
out) ......................................... -.. '.' 
DoD-VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund (oy 
transfer) ........................................... 
Total, Veterans Health Administration ........... 
Appropriations ................. . . . . . . . . 
(By transfer). -....................... 
Advance appropriations, FY 2018 ... .... 5,020' 132 
5,074,000 
630,735 
-2,445,000 
2,445,000 
(-286,000) 
(286,000) 
( -15 ,000) 
(15,000) 5,723,000 
5,434,880 
663,366 
-2,637,000 
2,637,000 
( -274,731) 
(274.731) 
(-15,000) 
(15,000) 5,074,000 
5,434,880 
663,366 
-2,637.000 
2,637,000 
( -274,731) 
(274,731) 
(-15,000) 
(15,000) 5' 569' 100 
5,434,880 
675,366 
-2,637,000 
2,637,000 
(-274,731) 
(274,731) 
(-15,000) 
(15,000) 5,321,668 
5,434,880 
675,366 
-2,637,000 
2,637,000 
(-274,731) 
(274. 731) ( 
-15,000) 
( 15 ,000) 
=~============ ============== ============== ============== ============== 
66,376,025 68,776' 391 67,912,398 75,880,672 75,633,240 
(3,105,025) (2,391,359) (1 '527. 366) (9,495,640) (9,248,208) 
(301,000) (7,535,912) (7,535,912) (289,731) (289 ,731) 
(63 '271 '000) (66,385,032) (66,385,032) (66,385,032) (66,385,032) Conference 
vs Enacted 
(+159,000) 
+142,536 
+301 ,536 
+360,880 
+44,631 
-192,000 
+192,000 
(+11,269) 
(-11,269) 
+9,257,215 
( +6. 143 ' 1 83) ( -11 ,269) 
(+3,114,032) Conference 
vs Request 
-401,332 -401,332 
+12,000 
+6,856,849 
(+6,856,849) 
(-7,246,181) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6022 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.071 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 232 here EH22JN16.022emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEAdvances from prior year appropriations. DIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
FY 2016 
Enacted 
(58,662,202) FY 2017 
Request 
(63,271 ,000) House Senate 
(63.271.000) (63,271 .000) Conference Agreement 
(63,271 ,000) 
~~~~~~~~~~~=== ============== =====~=~=====~ ~=====~======= =~~:===~=~~:~: 
National Cemetery Administration 
Nat i anal Cemetery Admi ni strati on ............. . 
Departmental Administration 
General admi ni strati on ....................... . Board 
of Veterans Appea 1 s. . . . . ................... . 
Information technology systems ....... . 
Office of Inspector General . . . . . . . . . . . ............. . 
Construction, major projects ......... . 
Construction, minor projects......... . ....... . 
Grants for construction of State extended care 
facilities ......... . 
Grants for the construction of veterans cemeteries .... 
Total, Departmental Admi ni strati on ....... . 
Administrative Provisions 
Section 226 (FY16) Medical 
services .. . 
(Rescission) ...... . 271,220 286,193 271,220 286,193 
286,193 
336,659 417,959 316,159 417,959 345' 391 
109,884 156,096 156,096 156,096 156,096 
4' 133' 363 4,278,259 4,225,869 4,278,259 4,278,259 
136,766 160,106 160,106 160,106 160,106 
1,243,800 528,110 528,110 528' 110 528' 110 
406,200 372,069 372,069 372 '069 372,069 
120,000 80,000 80,000 90,000 90,000 
46,000 45,000 45,000 45' 000 45,000 
=====:======== ============== =============~ ============== ~============= 
6,532,672 1 ,400,000 
-1,400,000 6,037,599 5,863,409 6,047,599 5,975,031 Conference vs Enacted 
(+4,608,798) +14,973 +8,732 +46,212 +144,896 +23,340 -715,690 -34' 131 
-30,000 -1,000 Conference vs Request -72,568 +10,000 
============== ============== 
-557,641 
-1,400,000 +1,400,000 -62,568 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6023 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.071 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 233 here EH22JN16.023emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Medical support and compliance. . . . . . . . . ........... . 
(Rescission) ........... . Medical 
facilities.................. . .......... . 
(Rescission).. . . . . . . . . ..... 
JIF rescission (Sec. 235) ..... . 
General rescission (Sec. 236) .. 
General reduction (Sec. 237) ... 
Medical Services (Sec. 217) (rescission) ............. . 
Total. Administrative Provisions ... FY 2016 
Enacted 100,000 -100,000 250' 000 -250,000 ·30,000 -30,000 FY 2017 
Request House 
-30,000 -337,382 -46,618 -414,000 Senate 
-52,000 
-7,246,181 -7,298,181 Conference Agreement -40,000 -169' 000 
-23,000 
-7,246,181 -7,478,181 
============== =========;=~;; ;;;=~;;;;:==== ==~=========== ============== 
Total, title II .......... ...................... 269,795,679 182,079,388 180,600,988 181,925,488 181,425,488 
Appropriations ...... '' ' .... ' ...... ' .. ' ... ( 105 '788 ,803) (11,758,360) (10, 647' 342) (11 ,656,460) (11 ,313,460) 
Rescissions ......... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...... (-1,780,000) ---(-367,382) (-52,000) ( -209 '000) 
(By transfer) ............................... (301 ,000) (7,535,912) (7,535,912) (289,731) (289 '731) 
Advance Appropriations, FY 2018: 
Mandatory ......................... .... ' ( 102' 515 '876) ( 103' 935 '996) ( 103' 935, 996) ( 103' 935' 996) (103,935,996) 
Discretionary ..................... .... (63,271 ,000) (66,385,032) (66,385,032) (66,385,032) (66,385,032) 
Advances from prior year appropriations: 
Mandatory ........ , ........................ , ... ---(102,515,876) (102,515,876) (102,515,876) ( 102' 515 '876) 
Discretionary ....... ............ ' .. '. '' ..... (58,662,202) (63,271 ,000) (63,271,000) (63,271 ,000) (63,271 ,000) 
(Limitation on direct loans) ............. , ...... (3,452) (3,017) (3,017) (3,017) {3,017) 
Discretionary ................................... (76,023,741) (78,126,787) {76,646,387) (77,972,887) (77,472,887) Conference vs Enacted 
-100,000 +100,000 -250,000 +250,000 ·10,000 -169,000 -23,000 
-7,246,181 -7,448,181 -88,370' 191 
(-94,475,343) ( .. 1 '571 '000) 
( -11 '269) 
(+1 ,420, 120) 
("'3,114,032) 
("'102,515,876) ("'4,608,798) (-435) 
("'1, 449, 146) Conference vs Request -40,000 -169,000 -23,000 
-7' 246,181 
-7,478,181 -653,900 (-444,900) { -209 '000) 
(-7,246,181) ( -653 '900) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6024 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.071 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 234 here EH22JN16.024emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEDIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
Advances from prior year less FY 2018 advances 
Net discretionary ...... , .... , .... ..... ' 
Mandatory .............. , ........................ FY 2016 
Enacted 
(-4,608,798) FY 2017 
Request 
(-3,114,032) House 
(-3' 114' 032) Senate 
(-3,114,032) Conference Agreement ( -3, 114.032) 
---~----~-------------------------------------------------------------
( 71 '414' 943) (75,012,755) (73,534,355) (74,858,855) (74,358,855) 
(193, 771 ,938) (103,952,601) (103,952.601) (103,952,601) ( 103 '952' 601 ) Advances from 
prior year less FY 2018 advances (-102,515,876) (-1,420,120) ( -1 ' 420 ' 
1 20 ) ( -1 '420' 120) ( -1 '420' 120) 
Net mandatory .......... ..... ' ...... ' 
Total mandatory and discretionary .... , .. 
TITLE III -RELATED AGENCIES 
American Battle Monuments Commission 
Salaries and expenses ....... . 
Foreign currency fluctuations account. 
Total, American Battle Monuments Commission ... 
U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims 
Salaries and expenses ... ----------------------------------------------------------~-----------
(91 '256' 062) ( 
1 02' 532 ' 481 ) (102,532,481) ( 1 02' 532. 481 ) (102,532,481) 
--------------------------------------------~-------------------------
162,671,005 177,545,236 176,066,836 177' 391 '336 176,891,336 
~=========~~~~ ~=========~~== ============== ============== ======~~~=~=== 
105,100 2,000 
107' 100 
32,141 75,100 75,100 
75,100 75,100 
30,945 30,945 75,100 75,100 
75,100 75,100 
30,945 30,945 Conference vs Enacted 
(+1 ,494,766) Conference vs Request 
----------------------------
(+2,943,912) (-653,900) 
(-89,819,337) (+101,095,756) ----------------------------
(+11 ,276,419) 
----------------------------
+14,220,331 -653,900 
============== ============== 
-30,000 -2,000 -32,000 -1 '196 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6025 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.071 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 235 here EH22JN16.025emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEDepartment of Defense -Civil 
Cemeterial Expenses, Army 
Salaries and expenses. 
Armed Forces Retirement Home -Trust Fund 
Operation and maintenance .. 
Capital program .............................. . 
Payment from General Fund ...................... . 
Total, Armed Forces Retirement Home ..... . 
Total, title III.. DIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974. H.R. 2577) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2016 
Enacted 79,516 43,300 1 ,000 
20,000 FY 2017 
Request 70,800 63 '300 1,000 House Senate 
70.800 70,800 
41 ,300 41,300 
1,000 , ,000 
22,000 22,000 Conference Agreement 70,800 41,300 1,000 22,000 
----------------------------------~---------------------
64,300 64,300 64,300 64,300 64,300 
283,057 241 '145 241 '145 241 '145 241 '145 
TITLE IV -OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Overseas Contingency Operations 
Navy ....................... -········· · · · · · · · · · 
Air Force. . .............. -· · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · 
Subtotal ............... . 38,409 11,440 49' 849 38,409 11 '440 
49,849 38,409 11,440 49,849 Conference vs Enacted -8,716 -2,000 ---
+2,000 Conference vs Request -22,000 ---
+22,000 
----------------------------
-41 ,912 
+38,409 +11 ,440 
+49,849 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6026 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.071 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 236 here EH22JN16.026emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATEEuropean Reassurance Initiative 
Army .. 
Navy ..... . 
Air Force. 
Defense-Wide ..... 
Subtotal ..... . 
Counterterrorism Support 
Air Force. DIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
FY 2016 
Enacted FY 2017 
Request 18,900 21,400 68.300 5,000 
113,600 9,000 House 
18,900 21,400 68,300 5,000 
113,600 8, 551 Senate ---Conference Agreement 18,900 21,400 68,280 5,000 
113' 580 
8,571 
============== ==========:==~ ========~;==== ============== ============== 
Total, title IV. 172 '449 172,000 ---172,000 
============== ============== ============~= :============= ============== 
Grand total. 278,249,736 189,937,038 188 ' 708 ' 
1 33 190,096,633 189,564,633 
Appropriations ............................. . (114,614,680) (19,443,561) (18,751,712) (20,027,228) ( 19' 588' 267) 
Rescissions ........................... . ( -2,151 ,820) ---( -536, 607) (-251 ,623) (-516,662) 
Advance appropriations, FY 2018 ............ . (165,786,876) (170,321 ,028) (170,321 ,028) (170,321,028) (170,321,028) 
Overseas contingency operations ....... . (172,449) (172,000) ---( 172' 000) 
Advances from prior year appropriations ... (58.662,202) (165, 786 ,876) ( 165' 786' 876) (165, 786, 876) (165,786,876) Conference vs Enacted +18,900 +21,400 +68,280 +5,000 
+113,580 +8,571 Conference vs Request -20 -20 -429 
============== =======~====== 
+172 '000 -449 
============== ============== 
-88,685,103 -372,405 
(-95,026,413) (+144,706) 
(+1,635,158) ( -516' 662) 
(+4,534,152) --· 
(+172,000) (-449) 
(+107' 124,674) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6027 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.071 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 237 here EH22JN16.027emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE(By transfer) ... . 
(Transfer out) ... . 
(Limitation on direct 1oans). DIVISION A, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED 
AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 (H.R. 4974, H.R. 2577) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2016 
Enacted 
(301 ,000) 
( -301 ,000) 
(3' 452) FY 2017 
Request 
(7,535,912) (-289,731) (3,017) House 
(7,535,912) ( -289,731) (3,017) Senate 
(289,731) ( -289,731) (3,017) Conference Agreement (289,731) ( -289,731) (3,017) Conference vs Enacted 
( -11 '269) 
( +1 1 ,269) ( -435) Conference vs Request 
( -7' 246' 181 ) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6028 September 22, 2016 
DIVISION B—ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS APPROPRIATIONS The Act includes $1,108,094,000 in fiscal year 2016 appropriations for Zika response and preparedness. These funds will provide the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices and Department of State, and the U.S. Agency for International Development, with additional resources to combat the Zika virus. Within the funds provided for Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), a ro-bust level of funding is intended to support mosquito control efforts conducted by State, county, or municipal programs, including mosquito control districts. CDC should con-sider the risk of active or local transmission of the Zika virus when allocating such funds. The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices is encouraged to update the Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System to ac-count for specific coding requirements and adequate reimbursement rates for Zika diag-nostic tests recognized by the Food and Drug Administration. Funds provided in the fifth proviso under the Public Health and Social Services Emer-gency Fund shall be administered by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to reimburse for costs of health conditions related to the Zika virus. A table displaying additional detail for the funding in division B follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.072 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6029 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.072 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 427/105 here ES220916.001emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
DIVISION B: ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
Food and Drug Administration 
Salaries and Expenses (emergency). 
TITLE l 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
Health Resources and Services Administration 
Primary Health Care (emergency) ................... . 
Health WorKforce {emergency) ......................... . Maternal 
and Child Health (emergency} ................ . 
Total, Health Resources and Services ..........• FY 2016 
Request 
10,000 House Senate 
40,000 
6,000 
5,000 51,000 Final Finai 
vs. Request 
·10,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6030 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.072 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 427/106 here ES220916.002emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
DIVISION B: ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
{Amounts in Thousands) 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support .............. . 
(emergency) ................................... . 
Subtotal, CDC-Wide activities and programs ..... . National 
Institutes of Health 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
{emergency).. . . . . 
. . . . . . . . 
. . . 
. . . 
. . . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . 
. . . .. 
Office of the Secretary 
Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund 
(emergency) 11 ..••••. . ~ ........... ' ..... ' . . . . .. ~ . FY 2016 
Request 
828.000 828,000 130,000 295,000 HOUJ?e Senate 170,000 
449,000 110,000 
449,000 230,000 
200,000 103.000 
150,000 Final 
394,000 394,000 152,000 387.000 Final 
vs. Request -434,000 ·434 '000 +22,000 +92,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6031 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.072 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 427/107 here ES220916.003emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
DIVISION 
8: 
ZIKA 
RESPONSE 
AND 
PREPAREDNESS 
APPROPRIATIONS 
ACT. 
2016 (Amounts 
in 
Thousands) FY 
2016 Request 
House 
Senate 
Final 
Final vs. 
Request ••~·-~~~-~ 
~-~~~.~~ 
~-~---~~------~~-~-~ 
~~---~--~--~~·--~~·~------•-••••-•w--•--••~~~~•••~--·~---• 
~--~--~-~~---------~~-••-~•••-General 
Provisions Centers 
for 
Medicare and Medicaid 
Services: 
Emergency Increase 
in 
Territorial 
Medicaid 
FHAP 
(CSO estimate)2/ 
........................................ 
. Total. 
Title 
I ................ 
. TITLE 
II DEPARTMENT 
OF 
STATE Administration 
of 
Foreign 
Affairs Diplomatic and Consular Programs {emergency)., 
....... 
. Emergencies 
in 
the 
Diplomatic and 
Consular 
Service ( emerger.cy) 
...................... 
· · 
. · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · Repatriation 
Loans Program Account. 
Direct 
loans subsidy (emergency) 
................................ 
. 
157' 
000 
-157,000 ========~====~ 
============== 
====:======;=: 
=============z 
=======::===== 1,410,000 
503.000 
850,000 
933.000 
-477,000 ::;:%~===:==~= 
============;; 
~~~====~====== 
==========~=;: ::;==~====:=== 14,594 
9,100 
14,594 
14,594 4,000 
4,000 
4,000 1. 
000 
1,000 
1 ,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6032 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.072 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 427/108 here ES220916.004emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
DIVISION 8: ZIKA RESPONSE ANO PREPAREDNESS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
{Amounts in Thousands) 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT 
Funds Appropriated to the President 
Operating Expenses, USAID (emergency) ...... , ....... . 
BILATERAl ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE 
Funds Appropriated to the President 
Global Health Programs ............................. . {emergency) 
.......................... , .......... . 
Subtotal. Global health programs ..... . 
International Security Assistance 
Nonproliferation, Anti-terrorism, Oemining, and Related Programs 
(emergency) ....................... . FY 2016 
Request 
10,000 325,000 325,000 
8,000 House 
10.000 100,000 100.000 
Senate 10,000 
211,000 
211.000 
4,000 Fin<>l 
10,000 
145,500 145,500 Final 
vs. Request 
-179,500 
-179,500 
-8,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6033 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.072 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 427/109 here ES220916.005emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
DIVISION 
B: 
ZlKA 
RESPONSE 
AND 
PREPAREDNESS 
APPROPRIATIONS 
ACT, 
2016 {Amounts 
in 
Thousands) FY 
2016 Request 
House 
Senate 
Final 
Final vs. 
Request ~~~~~M~-~~M~~-~~~·~----~--------~-----------~~-~--~----·--~--~-~--~--------~---~~-~-----··-~~~~--~-------~-----~-~---~------~---·-
Multilateral 
Assistance International 
Organizations 
and 
Programs (emergency) 
.. 
13 
.soo 
13,500 -13,500 General 
Provisions--This 
Title USAID 
Operating 
expenses 
(rescission) 
(emergency) 
3/ 
.. 
·10,000 ====~========= 
============~= 
===========;~= 
=============~ 
========~-==== Total, 
Tit1 
e 
II... 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
.. 
376,094 
119,100 
248,094 
175.094 
-201,000 ==:==:=====~== 
============== 
=============~ 
:====:======~= 
============== GENERAL 
PROVISIONS 
-
THIS 
ACT Unobiigated 
balances 
(Public 
Law 
113-235) 
(rescission) (emergency) 
....................................... 
. 
-352.100 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6034 September 22, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.072 S22SEPT1
Insert offset folio 427/110 here ES220916.006emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
DIVISION 8: ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS APPROPRIATIONS ACT. 2016 
{Amounts in Thousands) 
FY 2016 
Request House Senate Final Final 
vs. Req\lest 
-~-~~~--·~---~-~·~--~~·~~· -----~*-~-·~M~·ft-~--·~--~---~--~~--~---·-4·~-~~---~-----~·---~-~----~--·---~--·~--------~-~~-----·· ---
Nonrecurring expenses fund unobligated balances 
{Public Law 110·161) (rescission) .................. . 
Total, General Provisions ..................... . 
GRAND TOTAL ............. . 
Appropriations ................................. . Emergency 
appropriations. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
. ........ . 
Rescissions .......... ·.... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....... . 
Rescissions of Emergency funding ................ . 
1/ Includes $46M for Primary Health Services in Puerto 
Rico and other territories. of which $6~ is used for 
the National Health Service Corps 
21 OMB estimate is $246M. FMAP is Federal Medical 
Assistance Percentage 
3/ A rescission of $7.522M is included in oivision D 
of this Act -270,000 
==~==~======== ===;::======== ============== =========;==== ============== 
-622.100 
============== =====~=:====== =====~======== 
~:============ ===~========:= 
1,796,094 
( 1 '796' 094) (270,000) (352,100) 
( -622, 100} 
{-352,100) 1,098,094 
( 1 • 1 08 '094) 
(·10,000) 1,108,094 
( 1 , 1 OlL 094} ·688,000 
{-688,000) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6035 September 22, 2016 
DIVISION C—CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The Act includes the ‘‘Continuing Appro-priations Act, 2017’’ as division C. Section 145 of division C includes an addi-tional $500,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 for the Community Planning and Development, Community Development Fund, for activi-ties related to major disasters. The Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall publish on a public website information accounting for how all grant funds are used, including the award and expenditure of funds. The Secretary shall update the infor-mation on the website on a monthly basis through December 31, 2016, and on a quar-terly basis thereafter. DIVISION D—RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS The Act includes $400,001,198 in budgetary savings for fiscal year 2016, as follows: $10,000,000 is rescinded from unobligated balances of ‘‘Department of Commerce, Eco-nomic Development Administration, Eco-nomic Development Assistance Programs’’; $13,000,000 is rescinded from unobligated balances of ‘‘Department of Commerce, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, Operations, Research, and Facilities’’; $279,045 is rescinded from unobligated bal-ances of ‘‘Department of Homeland Security, Departmental Management and Operations, Office of the Secretary and Executive Man-agement’’; $39,246 is rescinded from unobligated bal-ances of ‘‘Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Sala-ries and Expenses’’; $48,075,920 is rescinded from ‘‘Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard, Acquisition, Construction, and Im-provements’’; $731,790 is rescinded from unobligated bal-ances of ‘‘Department of Homeland Security, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Administrative and Regional Operations’’; $168,100,000 is rescinded from unobligated amounts available under section 1323(c)(1) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; $7,522,000 is rescinded from unobligated bal-ances of Ebola response and preparedness funds under ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ of the U.S. Agency for International Development; $109,478,000 is rescinded from unobligated balances of Ebola response and preparedness funds under ‘‘Bilateral Economic Assistance, Funds Appropriated to the President’’; $5,375,197 is rescinded from unobligated bal-ances of ‘‘Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation Administration, Facilities and Equipment’’; and $37,400,000 is rescinded from unobligated balances of the Department of Transpor-tation provided under section 108 of Public Law 101–130. f 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND MARITIME SECURITY ACT Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, yester-day I joined my colleagues Senators N
ELSON , THUNE , and F ISCHER in intro-ducing the Surface Transportation and Maritime Security Act. The security of our Nation’s ports and rail and surface transportation systems is critical to the daily lives of Americans, as well as to the health of our national economy. I thank my colleagues for joining to-gether on this important legislation and hope that it leads to improved safety for our country. This legislation comes months after the tragic attack on the Brussels metro and airport which killed 35 and injured over 300, and it comes just days after explosives were detonated in New Jersey and New York, threatening the lives of thousands. The sad reality is that attacks like these occur, and we must do more to protect our citizens. The fact is mass transit and rail sys-tems are challenging to secure. Meet-ing this challenge requires us to have a strategy in place that recognizes the evolving threats to surface networks and puts sufficient resources in place to match those risks. Currently, less than 2 percent of the Transportation Security Administration’s, TSA, budg-et and staff are dedicated to protecting surface transportation networks. While the Federal role has been to support and oversee State and local efforts to secure transit and other surface net-works, we need to ask ourselves wheth-er we are doing enough to protect pas-sengers. The Surface Transportation and Mar-itime Security Act requires the TSA Administrator to implement risk-based security plans for surface transpor-tation in order to ensure resources are being driven to the most high-risk places. The bill directs TSA to conduct careful analysis to consider risks and provide mitigation strategies using in-formation from global terrorist at-tacks. Additionally, I thank my col-leagues for working with me to include language to the bill that will authorize more bomb-sniffing canines to be uti-lized to deter threats in our railroad networks and surface transportation. The bill also helps improve the screen-ing of maritime workers and includes further measures to reform and im-prove port security. The bill includes several other important provisions that will yield new data to help inform future security needs. The bill is a product of compromise with my col-leagues, and we will also need to work with our appropriator colleagues to en-sure TSA has the resources to take these important security measures. Again I thank my esteemed col-leagues for partnering together on this legislation. f 
GROWTH DISORDER AWARENESS WEEK Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, today, on behalf of every child cur-rently living with a growth disorder, I wish to recognize this week—Sep-tember 19 through 23, 2016—as Growth Disorder Awareness Week. A child’s growth is a strong indicator of that child’s overall health status. According to the Pictures of Standard Syndromes and Undiagnosed Mal-formations, POSSUM, database, more than 600 serious diseases and health conditions can cause growth failure. These diseases range from nutritional disturbances and hormone imbalances, to far more serious conditions that af-fect the kidneys or even lead to brain tumors. While these conditions affect a child’s growth progress, a stunning 48 percent of children with the most com-mon growth disorders go undiagnosed. To make matters worse, the longer a child with growth failure goes undiagnosed, the greater the potential for long-term health issues and higher costs of treatment. Early detection and diagnosis are, therefore, critical to en-suring a healthy future for these chil-dren. This week, as we recognize Growth Disorder Awareness Week, I want to applaud the MAGIC Foundation for the tremendous work they do to further public awareness of growth failure and to improve the lives and health of the children whom they affect. f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE KIWANIS CLUB OF MILWAUKEE Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 100th anniver-sary of the Kiwanis Club of Milwaukee. Over the past 100 years, the club and its members have served the families and children of Milwaukee through count-less hours of service and commitment meant to better the community. This year, as they celebrate their 100th an-niversary, I wish to honor their philan-thropic achievements and dedication to this great Wisconsin city. Founded in 1916 as a charter club, the Kiwanis Club of Milwaukee was the 23rd chapter founded in the United States and is now one of 8,309 world-wide. Although one of many around the globe, the Milwaukee Club has set itself apart through its 100-year tradi-tion of service and advocacy on behalf of Milwaukee children. One of the first projects members em-braced in 1917 was providing coal for families in need. In 1939, they opened a Gaenslen School for handicapped chil-dren, and 20 years later, in 1959, they established a Boy Scout troop for 30 handicapped boys. Continuing their aid to children, in 1977, the club started a Children’s Center for Curative Reha-bilitation. Elsewhere in their commu-nity, they sponsored and directed Mil-waukee’s first river clean-up in 1982 and established the Kiwanis Landing community fishing area in 2010. The common thread in all these important programs was creating opportunities for children, regardless of their cir-cumstances. In all their efforts, Kiwanis members strive to improve the quality of life for all Milwaukee residents. In 2015, they conducted vision tests at 37 Milwaukee public schools, serving 5,550 children. Additionally, they served meals to more than 750 children and their fami-lies at the Ronald McDonald House. The Kiwanis Club of Milwaukee has spent countless hours tutoring children in Milwaukee public schools, as well as helping guide college students in orga-nizing volunteer programs at three local colleges. Throughout the year, the club collects items such as hats, mittens, gloves, and personal hygiene products for homeless children, and they work to replenish local food banks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.073 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6036 September 22, 2016 
In honor of their 100th anniversary, the club has taken on additional serv-ice projects that revolve around the number 100, including providing 100 Thanksgiving meals, donating 100 backpacks to children in foster care, planting 100 native trees, donating 100 flowering mums to single mothers, and donating 100 U.S. flags to schools and nonprofits. It is heartwarming to think of the vast number of children and families club members have helped during their 100 years of service They deserve to be proud of the significant difference they have made in the lives of individuals in need and the collective impact they have had on their community as a whole. The Kiwanis Club of Milwaukee is a truly wonderful, deserving organiza-tion. Members work hard every day to help the world become a better place— one child at a time. I am excited to see what the future holds for this exem-plary organization and the families it serves. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO JOAN ELIEL ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I would like to recognize Joan Eliel, investi-gator/program specialist with the Mon-tana Department of Justice for receiv-ing one of three 2016 Outstanding Crime Victim Advocate of the Year awards. Joan is a dedicated public serv-ant who has been a key DOJ employee for Attorneys General McGrath, Bul-lock, and Fox covering 14 years. Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribal Court chief judge, Winona Tan-ner, nominated Joan for the Out-standing Victim Advocate Award due to her leadership as program adminis-trator for Montana’s Project Passport, End of Life Registry, and Address Con-fidentiality Programs. Joan is cur-rently piloting two national projects, including the Hope Card Project, which helps victims of protection order viola-tions on the local, tribal, State, and Federal level. Matthew Dale, director of the Office of Consumer Protection and Victim Services, stated that Joan’s work ‘‘ . . . is a national model of how Native Americans, the state and the federal government can work together to keep victims safe and hold offenders accountable.’’ Joan is a true innovator and had dedicated her life to making positive and lasting changes for the victims of domestic violence. I am truly honored to be able to recognize Joan as ‘‘Mon-tanan of the Week’’ for those efforts. Joan is married and the mother of two children and resides in Townsend, MT, in Broadwater County. Thank you, Joan, for your service, not only to the people of Montana, but our entire Nation. I look forward to hearing about the next innovative work you will lead on and the success of your current projects.∑ TRIBUTE TO KATHLEEN LYNN SCHAEFFER AND ARVELLA JERGESEN ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Kathleen Lynn Schaeffer and Arvella Jergesen on re-ceiving the Presidential Awards for Ex-cellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching. These awards are truly pres-tigious, attained by only the most in-fluential educators across the country. The Silver State is fortunate to have both of these successful teachers work-ing at local schools. The Presidential Awards for Excel-lence in Mathematics and Science Teaching are considered the Nation’s highest honor for kindergarten through high school mathematics and science educators. These teachers stand as role models to their colleagues and are dedicated to the success of America’s future generations, particularly in en-couraging students to pursue science, technology, engineering, and math. These educators go above and beyond in their local schools to implement unique, high-quality curriculum to help students excel in their learning. I am thankful to both Ms. Schaeffer and Mrs. Jergesen for their invaluable edu-cational contributions. Ms. Schaeffer has played an influen-tial role in the lives of students since she started working for the Clark County School District in 1988. As a member of the original staff that opened Bob Miller Middle School, BM, in Henderson, NV, she truly made an everlasting impression on its faculty, staff, and student body. During her time at BM, she established and di-rected the annual Bobcat Institute to assist each year’s sixth grade class through their transition into middle school. Ms. Schaeffer was recognized most for her technology-based teaching methods that triggered educational growth for all of her students. Cur-rently, Ms. Schaeffer works for the Clark County School District and was recently selected to attend the Founda-tions of Global Education Inter-national Research and Exchanges, where she participated in a fellowship in India. Ms. Schaeffer’s teaching methods have proven to be truly bene-ficial to many Clark County School District students. Ms. Schaeffer’s work is truly commendable. Mrs. Jergesen has taught at Fernley Intermediate School, FIS, for 15 years. She is the anchor of the school’s sixth grade math and science team, chair-person of FIS’s School Improvement Plan program, and coach of the school’s Academic Olympic Team. Mrs. Jergesen is also a pivotal resource that brings guest speakers and educational workshops to FIS that foster students to participate in unique, hands-on learning experiences. Mrs. Jergesen is an outstanding teacher who is dedi-cated to ensuring all her students suc-ceed. She is highly respected within her community and is very deserving of this award. Mrs. Jergesen’s dedication is greatly appreciated in Fernley and throughout the rest of Nevada. As a father of four children who at-tended Nevada’s public schools and as the husband of a teacher, I understand the important role that teachers play in enriching the lives of Nevada’s stu-dents. Ensuring that America’s youth are prepared to compete in the 21st century is critical for the future of our country. The State of Nevada is fortu-nate to be home to educators such as Ms. Schaeffer and Mrs. Jergesen. I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in thanking Ms. Schaeffer and Mrs. Jergesen for their dedication to enriching the lives of Nevada’s stu-dents and in congratulating them on receiving this incredible award. I wish them well in all of their future endeav-ors and in creating success for all stu-dents who enter their classrooms. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ALLANA NOYES ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize one of Nevada’s brightest students—Allana Noyes—on being selected as a 2015–2016 recipient of the Fulbright scholarship. The Fulbright Scholar Program was developed shortly after World War II by former U.S. Senator James William Fulbright to promote the exchange of students in the fields of education, cul-ture, and science. Today the program offers 1,900 grants each year for stu-dents to study in various fields in more than 140 countries worldwide. As a highly competitive and prestigious scholarship, thousands of students and young professionals apply from across the country. I am proud to congratu-late Ms. Noyes on her achievement. She is a shining example of how hard work leads to success and stands as a role model for future members of the Nevada Wolf Pack. Ms. Noyes graduated from the Uni-versity of Nevada, Reno, or UNR, with bachelor’s degrees in linguistics, Span-ish, and French. Before deciding for multiple degrees at UNR, Ms. Noyes participated in a study abroad program in Puebla, Mexico. After her time in Puebla, Ms. Noyes followed her passion of language and moved to France to study and practice French. Ms. Noyes returned to UNR to pursue her passion in language and continued studying French while taking nearly every Spanish class offered at the university. After completing all of her require-ments, Ms. Noyes received her Ful-bright scholarship, allowing her to spend a year in Mexico with the Ful-bright English Teaching Assistant Pro-gram. Ms. Noyes is focusing her efforts on educating students in both Spanish and English, while embedding herself in Mexican culture and lifestyle. After her time in Mexico, Ms. Noyes is ex-pected to enter a graduate program that focuses on translation and cre-ative writing skills. Ultimately, Ms. Noyes plans to become an English and Spanish creative writer and translator. Today I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating this exceptional young Nevadan. I am proud to have her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.042 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6037 September 22, 2016 
representing both Nevada and UNR as a global ambassador through the Ful-bright Scholarship Program. Allana Noyes worked hard for this incredible opportunity, and I wish her the best of luck in her future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING PAM HILLERY ∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I wish to honor the life of my close friend, Pam Hillery. On Wednesday, September 14, 2016, Pam passed away, surrounded by her loving family, but leaving behind an unforgettable and inspiring life story. Her legacy is one of tremendous polit-ical activism and civic involvement, and it will endure throughout the Treasure State. Pam, who suffered from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, ALS, or Lou Gehrig’s disease, never let her diagnosis prevent her from lending a helping hand to the community or working tirelessly to improve the lives of those around her. She immersed herself in community service. Born in Mechanicsburg, PA, in July 1960, Pam graduated high school in Germany in 1978—where her father was stationed with the U.S. Department of Defense—and attended college at the College of William and Mary, eventu-ally gaining her master’s degree in en-vironmental studies at the University of Montana. It was there that she met her future husband, Paul. They mar-ried in 1989. In every town or city where they lived, Pam gave back to the commu-nity. In Helena, she volunteered for the Solid Waste Task Force, CASA, St. Helena Cathedral, and won a seat on the Helena Citizens Council, in addi-tion to cofounding Trash for Trees. In Havre, where she and Paul moved in 2000, she volunteered for St. Jude’s Catholic Church, the Boys and Girls Club of the Hi-Line, Havre Elementary PTO, Havre-Hill County Crimestoppers, and the Hi-Line/Northern Showcase Concert Association. She served two terms on the city council and launched a run for mayor. Even after being diag-nosed with ALS, she remained un-daunted. Pam was appointed to a 1- year term on the city council after a council member resigned, but this was not simply a caretaker appointment. Pam was no placeholder. She imme-diately went into action and launched a sweeping plan to fix the city’s decay-ing streets. After leaving office, Pam was concerned the council was drag-ging its feet, so she showed up at a meeting. Unable to speak, she had her husband, Paul, read a letter urging prompt action. Still frustrated, she fol-lowed up with a letter to the editor. That was Pam. She never gave up. Pam loved Havre and gave 100 percent of herself to make her community and her State a better place. Pam is survived by her husband, Paul, their two children Dolan and Caroline, her five siblings, several nieces and nephews, and one great- nephew. I know that they are grieving, but I hope they find some comfort in the fact that Pam will be remembered by a grateful community that is better off for having been graced with her en-during and cheerful spirit.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 1:16 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2315. An act to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States. H.R. 3438. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to postpone the effective date of high-impact rules pending judicial review. H.R. 3924. An act to establish in the United States Agency for International Develop-ment an entity to be known as the United States Global Development Lab, and for other purposes. H.R. 3957. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to temporarily allow expensing of certain costs of replanting cit-rus plants lost by reason of casualty. H.R. 4712. An act to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide for an option under the Secure Mail Initiative under which a person to whom a document is sent under that initiative may require that the United States Postal Service obtain a signature from that person in order to deliver the doc-ument, and for other purposes. H.R. 5064. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to allow small business develop-ment centers to assist and advise small busi-ness concerns on relevant cyber security matters, and for other purposes. H.R. 5094. An act to contain, reverse, and deter Russian aggression in Ukraine, to as-sist Ukraine’s democratic transition, and for other purposes. H.R. 5147. An act to amend title 40, United States Code, to require restrooms in public buildings to be equipped with baby changing facilities. H.R. 5461. An act to requite the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to the ap-propriate congressional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indi-rect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes. H.R. 5613. An act to provide for the exten-sion of the enforcement instruction on super-vision requirements for outpatient thera-peutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2016. H.R. 5659. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to ex-panding Medicare Advantage coverage for in-dividuals with end-stage renal disease (ESRD). H.R. 5708. An act to oppose loans at inter-national financial institutions for the Gov-ernment of Nicaragua, other than to address basic human needs or promote democracy, unless the Government of Nicaragua is tak-ing effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5713. An act to provide for the exten-sion of certain long-term care hospital Medi-care payment rules, clarify the application of rules on the calculation of hospital length of stay to certain moratorium-excepted long- term care hospitals, and for other purposes. H.R. 5859. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the major metropolitan area counterterrorism training and exercise grant program, and for other purposes. H.R. 5977. An act to direct the Secretary of Transportation to provide to the appropriate committees of Congress advance notice of certain announcements, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5995. An act to strike the sunset on certain provisions relating to the authorized protest of a task or delivery order under sec-tion 4106 of title 41, United States Code. H.R. 6007. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to include consideration of cer-tain impacts on commercial space launch and reentry activities in a navigable air-space analysis, and for other purposes. H. R. 6014. An act to allow the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion to enter into reimbursable agreements for certain airport projects. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 122. Concurrent resolution supporting efforts to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items of American Indians, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians in the United States and internationally. 
The message also announced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1475) to author-ize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contribu-tions to fund that Wall of Remem-brance. The message further announced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2494) to support global anti-poaching efforts, strengthen the capacity of partner countries to counter wildlife traf-ficking, designate major wildlife traf-ficking countries, and for other pur-poses. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 4:40 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 2615. An act to establish the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial Com-mission. H.R. 5252. An act to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tornillo, Texas, as the ‘‘Marcelino Serna Port of Entry’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22SE6.046 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6038 September 22, 2016 
H.R. 5937. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to authorize the American Bat-tle Monuments Commission to acquire, oper-ate, and maintain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in Marnes-la-Coquette, France, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3438. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to postpone the effective date of high-impact rules pending judicial review; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 3924. An act to establish in the United States Agency for International Develop-ment an entity to be known as the United States Global Development Lab, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 4712. An act to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide for an option under the Secure Mail Initiative under which a person to whom a document is sent under that initiative may require that the United States Postal Service obtain a signature from that person in order to deliver the doc-ument, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 5094. An act to contain, reverse, and deter Russian aggression in Ukraine, to as-sist Ukraine’s democratic transition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 5461. An act to require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to the ap-propriate congressional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indi-rect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5613. An act to provide for the exten-sion of the enforcement instruction on super-vision requirements for outpatient thera-peutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. H.R. 5659. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to ex-panding Medicare Advantage coverage for in-dividuals with end-stage renal disease (ESRD); to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 5708. An act to oppose loans at inter-national financial institutions for the Gov-ernment of Nicaragua, other than to address basic human needs or promote democracy, unless the Government of Nicaragua is tak-ing effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. H.R. 5713. An act to provide for the exten-sion of certain long-term care hospital Medi-care payment rules, clarify the application of rules on the calculation of hospital length of stay to certain moratorium-excepted long- term care hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 5859. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the major metropolitan area counterterrorism training and exercise grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 6014. An act to allow the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion to enter into reimbursable agreements for certain airport projects; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bills were read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 5687. An act to eliminate or modify certain mandates of the Government Ac-countability Office. H.R. 5690. An act to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 1040. A bill to direct the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission and the National Academy of Sciences to study the vehicle handling requirements proposed by the Com-mission for recreational off-highway vehicles and to prohibit the adoption of any such re-quirements until the completion of the study, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 357). S. 650. A bill to extend the positive train control system implementation deadline, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Air Force nomination of Col. Kenneth P. Ekman, to be Brigadier General. Air Force nomination of Brig. Gen. Jon T. Thomas, to be Major General. Army nominations beginning with Col. Al-fred F. Abramson III and ending with Col. David Wilson, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 6, 2016. (minus 2 nominees: Col. Mario A. R. Diaz; Col. Michael R. Fenzel) *Air Force nomination of Gen. John E. Hyten, to be General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Chris-topher W. Grady, to be Vice Admiral. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination list which was printed in the R
ECORD on the date indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the expense of reprint-ing on the Executive Calendar that this nomination lie at the Secretary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Navy nomination of Thomas M. Hearty, to be Commander. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. D UR-
BIN, and Mr. S CHATZ ): S. 3380. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for accredita-tion reform, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. PETERS: S. 3381. A bill to establish a program to ac-curately document vehicles that were sig-nificant in the history of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): S. 3382. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for the issuance of Green Bonds and to establish the United States Green Bank, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and Mr. C
ORKER ): S. 3383. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Ten-nessee, as the ‘‘Fred. D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. WYDEN: S. 3384. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit for mid-dle-income housing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. 3385. A bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to provide bankruptcy protections for medically distressed debtors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ): S. 3386. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to designate May 1 as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COTTON: S. 3387. A bill to provide for the fast track review of certain generic drugs; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. MURRAY: S. 3388. A bill to make improvements to certain wildfire and disaster recovery pro-grams of the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. HEINRICH: S. 3389. A bill to authorize State-sponsored multiple employer plans and State payroll deduction savings programs; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. 3390. A bill to ensure that significantly more students graduate college with the international knowledge and experience es-sential for success in today’s global economy through the establishment of the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program in the Department of Education; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. C OCHRAN , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ): S. 3391. A bill to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ): S. 3392. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to improve the process whereby Medicare Administrative Contractors issue local coverage determina-tions under the Medicare Program, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.032 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6039 September 22, 2016 
other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Mr. D AINES ): S. Con. Res. 51. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that those who served in the bays, harbors, and terri-torial seas of the Republic of Vietnam during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, should be presumed to have been exposed to the toxin Agent Orange and should be eligible for all related Federal benefits that come with such presumption under the Agent Orange Act of 1991; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 613, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals. 
S. 827 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 827, a bill to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to ensure the in-tegrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable dis-crimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such commu-nications. 
S. 1085 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1085, a bill to expand eligi-bility for the program of comprehen-sive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to expand benefits available to partici-pants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uniformed services who require as-sistance in everyday life, and for other purposes. 
S. 1473 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1473, a bill to authorize the ap-propriation of funds to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for conducting or supporting research on firearms safety or gun violence preven-tion. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. HEITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1714, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 2028 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2028, a bill to amend the Federal Credit Union Act, to advance the ability of credit unions to promote small busi-ness growth and economic development opportunities, and for other purposes. 
S. 2066 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2066, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or at-tempted abortion. 
S. 2071 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2071, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to modernize payments for ambulatory surgical cen-ters under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2216 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2216, a bill to provide im-munity from suit for certain individ-uals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citi-zens, and for other purposes. 
S. 2253 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Wash-ington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2253, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide veterans affected by closures of edu-cational institutions certain relief and restoration of educational benefits, and for other purposes. 
S. 2385 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 2385, a bill to strengthen pro-tections for the remaining populations of wild elephants, rhinoceroses, and other imperiled species through coun-try-specific anti-poaching efforts and anti-trafficking strategies, to promote the value of wildlife and natural re-sources, to curtail the demand for ille-gal wildlife products in consumer coun-tries, and for other purposes. S. 2420 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2420, a bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to mod-ify the exception to the work require-ment. 
S. 2424 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2424, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of- hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
S. 2628 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2628, a bill to authorize the National Emergency Medical Serv-ices Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2680 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2680, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to pro-vide comprehensive mental health re-form, and for other purposes. 
S. 2841 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2841, a bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to pro-hibit oil-, gas-, and methane hydrate- related seismic activities in the North Atlantic, Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, and Straits of Florida planning areas of the outer Continental Shelf, and for other purposes. 
S. 2892 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Michi-gan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2892, a bill to accel-erate the use of wood in buildings, es-pecially tall wood buildings, and for other purposes. 
S. 2912 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2912, a bill to authorize the use of unapproved medical products by pa-tients diagnosed with a terminal ill-ness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2979 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2979, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Election Campaign Act of 1971 to require candidates of major parties for the office of President to disclose re-cent tax return information. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.038 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6040 September 22, 2016 
S. 3056 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Arkan-sas (Mr. C
OTTON ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 3056, a bill to provide for cer-tain causes of action relating to delays of generic drugs and biosimilar biologi-cal products. 
S. 3130 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3130, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a permanent Independence at Home medical practice program under the Medicare program. 
S. 3179 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3179, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve and ex-tend the credit for carbon dioxide se-questration. 
S. 3223 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3223, a bill to increase funding to reduce opioid use disorders and over-dose, and for other purposes. 
S. 3242 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3242, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide the op-portunity for responsible health sav-ings to all American families. 
S. 3260 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3260, a bill to provide li-ability protection for volunteer pilots who fly for the public benefit, and for other purposes. 
S. 3308 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3308, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit pre-scription drug plan sponsors and MA– PD organizations under the Medicare program from retroactively reducing payment on clean claims submitted by pharmacies. 
S. 3367 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 3367, a bill to authorize the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility leases of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. 
S. 3379 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3379, a bill to improve sur-face transportation and maritime secu-rity. 
S.J. RES. 32 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. BROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 32, a joint resolution to pro-vide limitations on the transfer of cer-tain United States munitions from the United States to Saudi Arabia. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. PETERS: S. 3381. A bill to establish a program to accurately document vehicles that were significant in the history of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, few American innovations have changed the modern world like the automobile. Cars and trucks are now woven into the very fabric of American life and cul-ture. As a Senator from the State of Michigan, as well as a car and motor-cycle enthusiast, I am especially proud of our State’s leading role in the Amer-ican auto industry. The history of the automobile is real-ly a history of American workers, innovators, and entrepreneurs, and it must be preserved. Right before me are two pictures of two really iconic vehi-cles, vehicles such as the 1964 Shelby Cobra at the top and a 1967 Chevrolet Camaro. These two cars helped spark a lifelong love of cars for millions of Americans. Fifty years later, these ve-hicles still inspire today’s innovators and engineers as they work to develop cars and trucks of the future to be smarter, safer, more reliable, and more efficient than ever before. However, there is currently no dedicated Federal register to document historically sig-nificant automobiles, motorcycles, trucks, and commercial vehicles for fu-ture generations of Americans to ap-preciate and to enjoy. Today I am introducing the National Historic Vehicle Register Act, which will establish a Federal register of his-toric vehicles and document and pre-serve records of these vehicles for our Nation’s history. This legislation will ensure that the engineering drawings, photos, and stories of historically im-portant vehicles will be available to in-spire Americans and celebrate the ac-complishments of the American auto industry. The National Historic Vehicle Reg-ister Act would build on efforts of the Historic Vehicle Association to help document and preserve the legacy of some of our most historic vehicles. I recently had the opportunity to see two of the autos that have already been documented by the Historic Vehi-cle Association. I saw this vehicle right here at the bottom. This is President Taft’s 1909 White Steam Car. It was the very first Presidential limousine. It is a beautiful and fascinating example of steam car technology from the early days of the automobile and could reach astonishing speeds up to 60 miles an hour. In addition to being a pleasant way to get around, President Taft’s use of automobiles helped encourage other Americans to adopt the new tech-nology as their favorite mode of trans-portation. I also had the honor to see the Jeep up on the top photo, which is President Reagan’s 1962 Willys Jeep CJ–6. It was a Christmas gift from his wife Nancy. Standing next to the Jeep, I could not help but have a vivid picture of Presi-dent Reagan driving it on his ranch in California, often accompanied by his dogs Lucky, Freebo, and Victory. The register would work to preserve these memories, with members of the his-toric vehicles community selecting automobiles and motorcycles to in-clude in the register and establishing collaborative partnerships to carry out the register’s activities. Our Nation’s rich automotive history belongs to the American people, and it is worthy of its own dedicated register. I look forward to working with my Senate colleagues, the historic vehicle community, and car enthusiasts across the country to preserve our motor her-itage. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. 3390. A bill to ensure that signifi-cantly more students graduate college with the international knowledge and experience essential for success in to-day’s global economy through the es-tablishment of the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program in the Depart-ment of Education; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, through-out his life, the late Senator Paul Simon believed that for the United States to be a true world leader, our country and its citizens needed to strengthen our international under-standing. In a 1995 floor speech, he posed the question ‘‘Can someone real-ly be considered educated if, upon grad-uation as an engineer or physician or teacher or journalist or accountant or architect, he or she does not have the most minimal understanding of the rest of the world?’’ At the heart of this question was his aspiration for our country to become more internation-ally aware. Following the horrific attacks of September 11, 2001—an event that is now 15 years in our past, Senator Simon shared his vision of a world in which peace and security is fostered through mutual understanding and global awareness. He believed the best way to develop this understanding and awareness was through fulling sub-merse oneself in another culture. Sen-ator Simon saw that the opportunity for this already existed on college cam-puses through study abroad programs. Study abroad helps students make a connection with another part of the world and begin to develop insight into the perspectives of other nations. By exposing young adults to study abroad, today’s students will become more globally aware future leaders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.040 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6041 September 22, 2016 
Unfortunately, as a country, we are falling short of achieving the great vi-sion set forth by Senator Simon. Cur-rently, less than 2 percent of enrolled post-secondary students in the United States study abroad. Furthermore, the students who do study abroad are not reflective of post-secondary enrollment in the United States. Minority stu-dents, first generation college stu-dents, and community college students are significantly underrepresented among those who do study abroad. These groups of students disproportion-ately lose out on the remarkable edu-cational opportunities that come along with studying abroad—engaging with other cultures, enhancing foreign lan-guage skills, and expanding inter-national knowledge through firsthand experience. Further, the students who study abroad do so overwhelmingly in just one part of the world. Of all students who study abroad, 40 percent study in just four countries: the United King-dom, Italy, Spain, and France. An addi-tional 13 percent study in other Euro-pean countries, meaning that over half of all U.S. students who study abroad do so in Europe. Europe has many valu-able and important educational experi-ences to offer American students. But, increasing the diversity of study abroad destinations allows students to expand their horizons and make con-nections that will help them develop a global perspective and deeper under-standing of the challenges we face in the 21st Century. In 2004, Congress took the first step towards expanding study abroad when it authorized the Commission on Abra-ham Lincoln Study Abroad Fellowship Program to provide recommendations to Congress and the President on ex-panding study abroad programs. Today, I am honored to carry on the vision laid out by Senator Simon as Senator W
ICKER and I introduce the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Pro-gram Act. This legislation takes an im-portant step towards making the vision of Senator Simon a reality based on the recommendations made by the Abraham Lincoln Study Abroad Com-mission. It establishes a competitive grant program for institutions of higher edu-cation to encourage the sustainable ex-pansion of study abroad opportunities for students in the United States. Over the next 10 years, this grant program aims to increase the overall number of undergraduate students studying abroad each year to one million stu-dents. It will place a special emphasis on increasing opportunities for non-traditional and minority students, so that the demographics of students who study abroad more closely reflect the population of current undergraduate students. This bill will also emphasize getting students to study abroad in nontradi-tional destinations particularly in de-veloping countries. We need to send more students to developing nations because these are the places that America needs to better understand— countries in Africa, Asia, Latin Amer-ica, South America, and the Middle East. This legislation takes important steps toward expanding and diversi-fying participation in study abroad. I am pleased that several organiza-tions have endorsed this bill including the American Public and Land-grant Universities, Association of Inter-national Educators, Partners of the Americas, American Council on Edu-cation, the American Association of Community Colleges, the Forum on Education Abroad, the Hispanic Asso-ciation of Colleges and Universities, and the Association of American Uni-versities. In today’s global society, an under-graduate education that includes a meaningful study abroad experience is more important than ever. Expanded participation in study abroad is nec-essary to prepare the next generation of Americans with the global knowl-edge and skills needed for success in an increasingly interconnected world. I thank Senator WICKER for standing with me in this effort and I hope my colleagues will join us. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3390 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) To prepare students for success in the modern global economy, opportunities for study abroad should be included as part of a well-rounded education. (2) Study abroad programs provide stu-dents with unparalleled access to inter-national knowledge, an unmatched oppor-tunity to learn foreign languages, and a unique environment for developing cultural understanding, all of which are knowledge and skills needed in today’s global economy. (3) Less than 2 percent of all enrolled post-secondary students in the United States study abroad for credit in any given year, and minority students, first generation col-lege students, and community college stu-dents are significantly underrepresented in study abroad participation. (4) Congress authorized the establishment of the Commission on the Abraham Lincoln Study Abroad Fellowship Program pursuant to section 104 of the Miscellaneous Appro-priations and Offsets Act, 2004 (division H of Public Law 108–199). Pursuant to its man-date, the Lincoln Commission submitted to Congress and the President a report of its recommendations for greatly expanding the opportunity for students at institutions of higher education in the United States to study abroad, with special emphasis on studying in developing nations. (5) According to the Lincoln Commission, ‘‘[e]xperience shows that leadership from ad-ministrators and faculty will drive the num-ber of study abroad participants higher and improve the quality of programs. Such lead-ership is the only way that study abroad will become an integral part of the under-graduate experience.’’. A competitive grant program is necessary to encourage and sup-port such leadership. SEC. 3. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this Act are— (1) to ensure that significantly more stu-dents have access to quality study abroad opportunities; (2) to ensure that the diversity of students studying abroad reflects the diversity of stu-dents and institutions of higher education in the United States; (3) to encourage greater diversity in study abroad destinations by increasing the por-tion of study abroad that takes place in non-traditional study abroad destinations, espe-cially in developing countries; and (4) to encourage a greater commitment by institutions of higher education to expand study abroad opportunities. 
SEC. 4. SENATOR PAUL SIMON STUDY ABROAD PROGRAM. 
Section 741 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1138) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (12) and (13) as paragraphs (13) and (14), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (11) the following: ‘‘(12) awarding grants under the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program de-scribed in subsection (g);’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) S
ENATOR PAUL SIMON STUDY ABROAD  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a). ‘‘(B) N
ATIONAL OF THE UNITED STATES .—The term ‘national of the United States’ means a national of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence (as those terms are defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101)). ‘‘(C) N
ONTRADITIONAL STUDY ABROAD DES -
TINATION .—The term ‘nontraditional study abroad destination’ means a location that is determined by the Secretary to be a less common destination for students who study abroad. ‘‘(D) S
TUDENT .—The term ‘student’ means a national of the United States who is en-rolled at an institution of higher education located within the United States. ‘‘(E) S
TUDY ABROAD .—The term ‘study abroad’ means an educational program of study, work, research, internship, or com-bination thereof that is conducted outside the United States and that carries academic credit. ‘‘(2) S
ENATOR PAUL SIMON STUDY ABROAD  
PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program to be called the ‘Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Pro-gram’. ‘‘(B) O
BJECTIVES .—The objectives of the program established under subparagraph (A) are, that not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program Act of 2016— ‘‘(i) not less than 1,000,000 undergraduate students will study abroad annually; ‘‘(ii) the demographics of study abroad par-ticipation will reflect the demographics of the United States undergraduate population; and ‘‘(iii) an increasing portion of study abroad will take place in nontraditional study 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.044 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6042 September 22, 2016 
abroad destinations, with a substantial por-tion of such increases in developing coun-tries. ‘‘(C) C
OMPETITIVE GRANTS TO INSTITUTIONS  
OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—In order to accom-plish the objectives set forth in subpara-graph (B), the Secretary shall award grants on a competitive basis to institutions of higher education, individually or in a consor-tium, based on applications by the institu-tions that— ‘‘(i) set forth detailed plans for using grant funds to further such objectives; ‘‘(ii) include an institutional commitment to expanding access to study abroad; ‘‘(iii) include plans for evaluating progress made in increasing access to study abroad; ‘‘(iv) describe how increases in study abroad participation achieved through the grant will be sustained in subsequent years; and ‘‘(v) demonstrate that the programs have established health and safety guidelines and procedures. ‘‘(D) N
ONGOVERNMENTAL INSTITUTIONS .— Consortia of institutions of higher education applying for grants described in subpara-graph (C) may include nongovernmental in-stitutions that provide and promote study abroad opportunities for students. ‘‘(E) C
OMMISSION ON THE ABRAHAM LINCOLN  
STUDY ABROAD FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .—In ad- ministering the program, the Secretary shall take fully into account the recommenda-tions of the Commission on the Abraham Lincoln Study Abroad Fellowship Program, established pursuant to section 104 of the Miscellaneous Appropriations and Offsets Act, 2004 (division H of Public Law 108–199). ‘‘(F) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out this paragraph, the Secretary shall consult with representatives of diverse institutions of higher education, educational policy organi-zations, and others with appropriate exper-tise. ‘‘(3) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than De-cember 31 of each year following the date of enactment of the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program Act of 2016, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a report on the implementation of this sub-section during the prior fiscal year. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection such sums as may be necessary for fiscal year 2017 and each subsequent fiscal year.’’. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OCHRAN , and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 3391. A bill to reauthorize the Mu-seum and Library Services Act; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am pleased to be joined by Senators C
OL-
LINS, COCHRAN , and G ILLIBRAND in in-troducing legislation to renew the law that expands the reach of libraries and museums and enables them to better serve their communities. These vital institutions educate, inform, engage, and connect people from all walks of life. This year marks several milestones for library and museum programs at the Federal level. Sixty years ago, in 1956, Congress passed legislation to es-tablish the first Federal program of di-rect support to public libraries, with the goal of expanding access. Forty years ago, in 1976, Congress established the Institute of Museum Services to provide assistance to museums, includ-ing for exhibits and conservation, edu-cational programs, and professional cu-ratorial training. In the following years, the programs were updated and renewed many times to addressing evolving needs for library and museum services. Twenty years ago, in 1996, Congress passed the Museum and Li-brary Services Act, establishing the In-stitute of Museum and Library Serv-ices, IMLS, to house the library and museum programs together for the first time. My predecessor, the late Senator Claiborne Pell, a great cham-pion for expanding educational and cul-tural opportunities to all communities, was instrumental in passage of this law. The Senate Committee report for this bill noted the ‘‘great potential in an Institute that is focused on the combined roles that libraries and mu-seums play in our community life, in support of research, learning, and en-tertainment, and in support of Amer-ican culture and history.’’ We have seen this borne out over the last 20 years. Through a relatively modest Federal investment, IMLS has helped build capacity to support and expand access to library and museum services at the State and local levels. IMLS has been the source of major Federal support for the full range of li-braries, including public, academic, re-search, special, and tribal libraries— 123,000 across the country—and the full range of museums, including art, his-tory, science and technology, chil-dren’s, historical societies, tribal, plan-etariums, botanic gardens, and zoos— 35,000 across the country. We have seen access to libraries and museums in-crease all the while these institutions have striven to meet the ever-evolving needs of their communities. In Rhode Island, IMLS funding for the grants to States program under the Library Services and Technology Act, LSTA, has supported improved online resources; literacy initiatives, includ-ing a summer reading program; and the provision of talking books to residents with visual impairments and disabil-ities. This year, Providence Public Li-brary was awarded a nearly $530,000 Na-tional Leadership Grant to provide un-derserved teens with learning opportu-nities, leading to digital credentials, academic credit, exposure to work, and entry into education and career path-ways. IMLS has also supported and ele-vated the work of Rhode Island muse-ums. I was so pleased that the Tomaquag Museum in Exeter was one of ten recipients nationally to be rec-ognized with a 2016 National Medal for Museum and Library Service. The Providence Children’s Museum and the Preservation Society of Newport Coun-ty also received grants to support their work this year. I have been proud to continue the work of Senator Pell in supporting ro-bust funding for libraries and museums and authoring the last two renewals of the Museum and Library Services Act. I have seen firsthand the impact librar-ies and museums have had on our com-munities in Rhode Island and the resi-dents and visitors they serve, making our State stronger because of the serv-ices and experiences that these institu-tions provide. The museum and library commu-nities have provided invaluable input in helping us craft this bipartisan leg-islation. I would especially like to thank the Rhode Island library com-munity for hosting me at libraries across the state and convening a roundtable discussion in June to delve deeper into the programs libraries are providing and ways to improve how they serve their communities. In response to the input and insight offered by the library and museum communities, the bill we are intro-ducing today, the Museum and Library Services Act of 2016, requires the use of data-driven tools to measure the im-pact and maximize the effectiveness of library and museum services and better tailor services to address and meet community needs. The legislation pro-vides for technical support and assist-ance to help the library and museum fields with their data collection re-sponsibilities. It also enhances IMLS’s collaborative efforts with an expanded number of Federal agencies in order to fully leverage the benefits libraries and museums provide to Americans. This legislation also amends LSTA to highlight the role of libraries as com-munity hubs, through services and pro-gramming in such areas as literacy, education, lifelong learning, workforce development, economic and business development, digital literacy skills, critical thinking, financial literacy skills, and new and emerging tech-nology. The bill provides greater em-phasis on recruiting and training of the next generation of library and informa-tion science professionals from diverse and underrepresented backgrounds. Ad-ditionally, it seeks to focus leadership grant funds on activities that serve a range of library types and geographi-cally diverse areas; have evaluation, analysis, and dissemination compo-nents; and involve, impact, or have fu-ture applicability in libraries. In 1964, when signing an expansion of library programs into law, President Lyndon Baines Johnson remarked, ‘‘Li-braries are not just for the young and the curious about an exciting world. They are not just for our youth pre-paring for their careers. They are not just for busy people looking for infor-mation to do their jobs. Libraries are for everyone and therein lies their real value.’’ The changes we are contem-plating in this reauthorization bill are designed to continue fulfilling this promise and update the law not only to account for activities that are cur-rently underway but also to look ahead and provide flexibility for libraries to constantly respond to changing de-mands and missions. The Museum and Library Services Act of 2016 also builds on the 40-year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.042 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6043 September 22, 2016 
legacy of Federal support for improv-ing and expanding access to museum services. It addresses the critical need for professional development and re-cruiting and preparing the next genera-tion of museum professionals, empha-sizing diversity so that museums bet-ter reflect the communities they serve. The legislation also highlights the edu-cational role of museums and the di-verse ways that museums engage their communities, and it encourages part-nerships with other agencies, profes-sional networks, and community-based organizations to expand and enhance access to museum services. At this year’s National Medal for Mu-seum and Library Service ceremony, First Lady Michelle Obama captured why it is so vital that we continue to support libraries and museums on a na-tional level: ‘‘Day after day, year after year, our nation’s libraries and muse-ums are here for our communities. And at the end of the day, you all don’t measure your impact by the number of books on your shelves or pieces in your exhibits, but by the young people you inspire, the lives you transform, and the impact you have every single day on your communities.’’ The Museum and Library Services Act of 2016 will continue our tradition of supporting our communities through their museums and libraries. It has the support of the American Library Asso-ciation and the American Alliance of Museums and many of their affiliated associations. I thank my colleagues for supporting this endeavor and look for-ward to more joining us as we work to-gether to urge swift action to adopt this important legislation. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 51—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT THOSE WHO SERVED IN THE BAYS, HARBORS, AND TERRI-TORIAL SEAS OF THE REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM DURING THE PE-RIOD BEGINNING ON JANUARY 9, 1962, AND ENDING ON MAY 7, 1975, SHOULD BE PRESUMED TO HAVE BEEN EXPOSED TO THE TOXIN AGENT ORANGE AND SHOULD BE ELIGIBLE FOR ALL RELATED FEDERAL BENEFITS THAT COME WITH SUCH PRESUMPTION UNDER THE AGENT ORANGE ACT OF 1991 Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Mr. D AINES ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: 
S. C ON. RES. 51 Whereas section 1116(f) of title 38, United States Code, states that ‘‘For the purposes of establishing service connection for a dis-ability or death resulting from exposure to a herbicide agent, including a presumption of service-connection under this section, a vet-eran who, during active military, naval, or air service, served in the Republic of Viet-nam during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, shall be presumed to have been exposed during such service to an herbicide agent containing dioxin or 2,4 dichlorophenoxyacetic acid, and may be presumed to have been exposed dur-ing such service to any other chemical com-pound in an herbicide agent, unless there is affirmative evidence to establish that the veteran was not exposed to any such agent during that service.’’; Whereas the international definition and United States.-recognized borders of the Re-public of Vietnam includes the bays, harbors, and territorial seas of that Republic; Whereas multiple scientific and medical sources, including studies done by the gov-ernment of Australia, have shown evidence of exposure to herbicide agents such as Agent Orange by those serving in the bays, harbors, and territorial seas of the Republic of Vietnam; Whereas veterans who served in the Armed Forces in the bays, harbors, and territorial seas of the Republic of Vietnam during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and end-ing on May 7, 1975, were exposed to this toxin through their ships’ distillation processes, air and water currents, and the use of ex-posed water from inland sources, such as water from near heavily-sprayed Monkey Mountain, delivered by exposed water barges; Whereas such veterans experience and sig-nificantly higher percentage of medical con-ditions associated with Agent Orange expo-sure compared to those in the regular popu-lace; Whereas when passing the Agent Orange Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–4), Congress did not differentiate between those who served on the inland waterways and on land versus those who served in the bays, harbors, and territorial seas of that Republic; Whereas the purpose behind providing pre-sumptive coverage for medical conditions as-sociated with exposure to Agent Orange is because proving such exposure decades after its occurrence is not scientifically or medi-cally possible; and Whereas thousands of veterans who served in the Armed Forces in the bays, harbors, and territorial seas of the Republic of Viet-nam during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, die at in-creasing rates every year; Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) recognizes the intent of the Agent Or-ange Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–4) included the presumption that those veterans who served in the Armed Forces in the bays, har-bors, and territorial seas of the Republic of Vietnam during the period beginning on Jan-uary 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, were exposed to the Agent Orange dioxin; (2) intends for those veterans who served in the Armed Forces during the period begin-ning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, in the bays, harbors, territorial seas, inland waterways, on the ground in the Re-public of Vietnam, and other areas exposed to Agent Orange, and having been diagnosed with connected medical conditions to be equally recognized for such exposure through equitable benefits and coverage; and (3) calls on the Department of Veterans’ Affairs to acknowledge this intent of Con-gress, rescind the VA Adjudication Proce-dure Manual M21–1, Part IV, Subpart II, Chapter 1, Section H, Topic 28.h, and reissue guidance extending presumptive coverage for exposure to agent orange to veterans de-scribed in paragraph (1). AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 5082. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCH-
RAN) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legisla-tive Branch for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes. SA 5083. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5082 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 5325, supra. SA 5084. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5083 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 5082 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
OCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 5325, supra. SA 5085. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 5325, supra. SA 5086. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5085 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 5325, supra. SA 5087. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 5325, supra. SA 5088. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5087 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 5325, supra. SA 5089. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5088 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 5087 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 5325, supra. SA 5090. Mr. COATS (for Mr. S
ANDERS ) pro- posed an amendment to the bill S. 1878, to extend the pediatric priority review voucher program. SA 5091. Mr. COATS (for Ms. H
IRONO ) pro- posed an amendment to the bill S. 2683, to in-clude disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 5082. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
OCHRAN ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 5325, making appropria-tions for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause, and in-sert in lieu thereof: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2017, and Zika Response and Preparedness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Statement of appropriations. Sec. 5. Availability of funds. Sec. 6. Explanatory statement. DIVISION A—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Title I—Department of Defense Title II—Department of Veterans Affairs Title III—Related agencies Title IV—Overseas contingency operations Title V—General provisions DIVISION B—ZIKA RESPONSE AND PRE-PAREDNESS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 DIVISION C—CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 DIVISION D—RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.045 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6044 September 22, 2016 
division of this Act shall be treated as refer-ring only to the provisions of that division. 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
The following sums in this Act are appro-priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. 
SEC. 5. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS. 
Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subse-quently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. 
SEC. 6. EXPLANATORY STATEMENT. 
(a) The explanatory statement regarding this Act, printed in the Senate section of the Congressional Record on or about September 22, 2016, by the Chairman of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, shall have the same effect with respect to the alloca-tion of funds and implementation of divi-sions A through D of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. (b) Any reference to the ‘‘joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act’’ con-tained in division A of this Act shall be con-sidered to be a reference to the explanatory statement described in subsection (a). DIVISION A—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facili-ties, and real property for the Army as cur-rently authorized by law, including per-sonnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for con-struction and operation of facilities in sup-port of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $513,459,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $98,159,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, archi-tect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that addi-tional obligations are necessary for such pur-poses and notifies the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, naval installations, facilities, and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as currently authorized by law, includ-ing personnel in the Naval Facilities Engi-neering Command and other personal serv-ices necessary for the purposes of this appro-priation, $1,021,580,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $88,230,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as author-ized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facili-ties, and real property for the Air Force as currently authorized by law, $1,491,058,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That of this amount, not to exceed $143,582,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be for con-struction of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex Consolidation, Phase 3, at Royal Air Force Croughton, United Kingdom, un-less authorized in an Act authorizing appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for military construction. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, installations, facilities, and real property for activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as currently author-ized by law, $2,025,444,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same pur-poses, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided further, That of the amount appro-priated, not to exceed $180,775,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of Defense de-termines that additional obligations are nec-essary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $232,930,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $8,729,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as au-thorized by law, unless the Director of the Army National Guard determines that addi-tional obligations are necessary for such pur-poses and notifies the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions there-for, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construc-tion Authorization Acts, $143,957,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2021: Pro- vided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $10,462,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Director of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $68,230,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $7,500,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Chief of the Army Reserve deter-mines that additional obligations are nec-essary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the re-serve components of the Navy and Marine Corps as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Con-struction Authorization Acts, $38,597,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $3,783,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Mili-tary Construction Authorization Acts, $188,950,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated, not to exceed $4,500,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as au-thorized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of the deter-mination and the reasons therefor. N
ORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  S
ECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  For the United States share of the cost of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Se-curity Investment Program for the acquisi-tion and construction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related ex-penses for the collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as authorized by sec-tion 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $177,932,000, to remain available until ex-pended. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASECLOSURE  A
CCOUNT  For deposit into the Department of De-fense Base Closure Account, established by section 2906(a) of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $240,237,000, to remain available until expended. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for construction, including acquisi-tion, replacement, addition, expansion, ex-tension, and alteration, as authorized by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6045 September 22, 2016 
law, $157,172,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for operation and maintenance, includ-ing debt payment, leasing, minor construc-tion, principal and interest charges, and in-surance premiums, as authorized by law, $325,995,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for construction, in-cluding acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as au-thorized by law, $94,011,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2021. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , NAVY AND MARINE CORPS  For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leas-ing, minor construction, principal and inter-est charges, and insurance premiums, as au-thorized by law, $300,915,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for construction, including acquisi-tion, replacement, addition, expansion, ex-tension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $61,352,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for operation and maintenance, in-cluding debt payment, leasing, minor con-struction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $274,429,000. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For expenses of family housing for the ac-tivities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military depart-ments) for operation and maintenance, leas-ing, and minor construction, as authorized by law, $59,157,000. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FAMILY HOUSING  I
MPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund, $3,258,000, to re-main available until expended, for family housing initiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing and sup-porting facilities. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. None of the funds made available in this title shall be expended for payments under a cost-plus-a-fixed-fee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be performed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of De-fense setting forth the reasons therefor. S
EC. 102. Funds made available in this title for construction shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles. S
EC. 103. Funds made available in this title for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, De-partment of Transportation, for the con-struction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are cer-tified as important to the national defense by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to begin construc-tion of new bases in the United States for which specific appropriations have not been made. SEC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for purchase of land or land easements in excess of 100 per-cent of the value as determined by the Army Corps of Engineers or the Naval Facilities Engineering Command, except: (1) where there is a determination of value by a Fed-eral court; (2) purchases negotiated by the Attorney General or the designee of the At-torney General; (3) where the estimated value is less than $25,000; or (4) as otherwise determined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the public interest. S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used to: (1) acquire land; (2) provide for site preparation; or (3) install utilities for any family housing, except hous-ing for which funds have been made available in annual Acts making appropriations for military construction. S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for the procurement of steel for any construction project or activ-ity for which American steel producers, fab-ricators, and manufacturers have been de-nied the opportunity to compete for such steel procurement. S
EC. 109. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for military con-struction or family housing during the cur-rent fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to initiate a new in-stallation overseas without prior notifica-tion to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 111. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated for architect and engineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North At-lantic Treaty Organization member country, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to exceed $1,000,000 to a for-eign contractor: Provided, That this section shall not be applicable to contract awards for which the lowest responsive and respon-sible bid of a United States contractor ex-ceeds the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to contract awards for mili-tary construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is submitted by a Marshallese con-tractor. S
EC. 113. The Secretary of Defense shall in-form the appropriate committees of both Houses of Congress, including the Commit-tees on Appropriations, of plans and scope of any proposed military exercise involving United States personnel 30 days prior to its occurring, if amounts expended for construc-tion, either temporary or permanent, are an-ticipated to exceed $100,000. S
EC. 114. Funds appropriated to the Depart-ment of Defense for construction in prior years shall be available for construction au-thorized for each such military department by the authorizations enacted into law dur-ing the current session of Congress. SEC. 115. For military construction or fam-ily housing projects that are being com-pleted with funds otherwise expired or lapsed for obligation, expired or lapsed funds may be used to pay the cost of associated super-vision, inspection, overhead, engineering and design on those projects and on subsequent claims, if any. S
EC. 116. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any funds made available to a military department or defense agency for the construction of military projects may be obligated for a military construction project or contract, or for any portion of such a project or contract, at any time before the end of the fourth fiscal year after the fiscal year for which funds for such project were made available, if the funds obligated for such project: (1) are obligated from funds available for military construction projects; and (2) do not exceed the amount appro-priated for such project, plus any amount by which the cost of such project is increased pursuant to law. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 117. Subject to 30 days prior notifica-tion, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, such additional amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to: (1) the De-partment of Defense Family Housing Im-provement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ ac-counts, to be merged with and to be avail-able for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated di-rectly to the Fund; or (2) the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appro-priated for construction of military unac-companied housing in ‘‘Military Construc-tion’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund: Provided, That appro-priations made available to the Funds shall be available to cover the costs, as defined in section 502(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans or loan guaran-tees issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to the provisions of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing, mili-tary unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 118. In addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of De-fense, amounts may be transferred from the Department of Defense Base Closure Account to the fund established by section 1013(d) of the Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) to pay for expenses associated with the Home-owners Assistance Program incurred under 42 U.S.C. 3374(a)(1)(A). Any amounts trans-ferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the fund to which transferred. S
EC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds made available in this title for operation and maintenance of family housing shall be the exclusive source of funds for repair and maintenance of all fam-ily housing units, including general or flag officer quarters: Provided, That not more than $35,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and repair of any gen-eral or flag officer quarters without 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notifica-tion provided in an electronic medium pursu-ant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress, except 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6046 September 22, 2016 
that an after-the-fact notification shall be submitted if the limitation is exceeded sole-ly due to costs associated with environ-mental remediation that could not be rea-sonably anticipated at the time of the budg-et submission: Provided further, That the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is to report annually to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress all operation and maintenance expenditures for each individual general or flag officer quar-ters for the prior fiscal year. S
EC. 120. Amounts contained in the Ford Island Improvement Account established by subsection (h) of section 2814 of title 10, United States Code, are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the pur-poses specified in subsection (i)(1) of such section or until transferred pursuant to sub-section (i)(3) of such section. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 121. During the 5-year period after ap-propriations available in this Act to the De-partment of Defense for military construc-tion and family housing operation and main-tenance and construction have expired for obligation, upon a determination that such appropriations will not be necessary for the liquidation of obligations or for making au-thorized adjustments to such appropriations for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobli-gated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation ‘‘For-eign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, Defense’’, to be merged with and to be avail-able for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. S
EC. 122. (a) Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Army to relocate a unit in the Army that— (1) performs a testing mission or function that is not performed by any other unit in the Army and is specifically stipulated in title 10, United States Code; and (2) is located at a military installation at which the total number of civilian employ-ees of the Department of the Army and Army contractor personnel employed ex-ceeds 10 percent of the total number of mem-bers of the regular and reserve components of the Army assigned to the installation. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that in proposing the relocation of the unit of the Army, the Secretary complied with Army Regulation 5–10 relating to the policy, procedures, and responsibilities for Army stationing actions. S
EC. 123. Amounts appropriated or other-wise made available in an account funded under the headings in this title may be transferred among projects and activities within the account in accordance with the reprogramming guidelines for military con-struction and family housing construction contained in Department of Defense Finan-cial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, Vol-ume 3, Chapter 7, of March 2011, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 124. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated or expended for planning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. S
EC. 125. For an additional amount for the accounts and in the amounts specified, to re-main available until September 30, 2021: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $40,500,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $227,099,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $149,500,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $67,500,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air National Guard’’, $11,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army Reserve’’, $30,000,000: Provided, That such funds may only be obli-gated to carry out construction projects identified in the respective military depart-ment’s unfunded priority list for fiscal year 2017 submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense: Provided further, That such projects are subject to authorization prior to obligation and expenditure of funds to carry out construction: Provided further, That not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned, or his or her designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. SEC. 126. For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $89,400,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That, such funds may only be obligated to carry out construction projects identified by the De-partment of the Navy in its June 8, 2016, un-funded priority list submission to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress detailing unfunded reprogramming and emergency construction requirements: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy, or his or her designee, shall sub-mit to the Committees an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 127. Of the unobligated balances avail-able to the Department of Defense from prior appropriation Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following ac-counts in the amounts specified: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $29,602,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $51,460,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Defense-Wide’’, $171,600,000, of which $30,000,000 are to be de-rived from amounts made available for Mis-sile Defense Agency planning and design; and ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization Secu-rity Investment Program’’, $30,000,000: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 128. Of the unobligated balances made available in prior appropriation Acts for the fund established in section 1013(d) of the Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan De-velopment Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) (other than appropriations designated by law as being for contingency operations directly re-lated to the global war on terrorism or as an emergency requirement), $25,000,000 are here-by rescinded. S
EC. 129. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives. S
EC. 130. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the clo-sure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 131. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used to consolidate or relo-cate any element of a United States Air Force Rapid Engineer Deployable Heavy Operational Repair Squadron Engineer (RED HORSE) outside of the United States until the Secretary of the Air Force (1) completes an analysis and comparison of the cost and infrastructure investment required to con-solidate or relocate a RED HORSE squadron outside of the United States versus within the United States; (2) provides to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress (‘‘the Committees’’) a report detail-ing the findings of the cost analysis; and (3) certifies in writing to the Committees that the preferred site for the consolidation or re-location yields the greatest savings for the Air Force: Provided, That the term ‘‘United States’’ in this section does not include any territory or possession of the United States. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS VETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  
COMPENSATION AND PENSIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation benefits to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot pro-gram for disability examinations as author-ized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Pro-gram for Survivors, emergency and other of-ficers’ retirement pay, adjusted-service cred-its and certificates, payment of premiums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as authorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $90,119,449,000, to re-main available until expended and to become available on October 1, 2017: Provided, That not to exceed $17,224,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2018 under this head-ing shall be reimbursed to ‘‘General Oper-ating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Sys-tems’’ for necessary expenses in imple-menting the provisions of chapters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically provided as the ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’ appropria-tion: Provided further, That such sums as may be earned on an actual qualifying pa-tient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collections Fund’’ to augment the fund-ing of individual medical facilities for nurs-ing home care provided to pensioners as au-thorized. 
READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  For the payment of readjustment and reha-bilitation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $13,708,648,000, to remain avail-able until expended and to become available on October 1, 2017: Provided, That expenses for rehabilitation program services and as-sistance which the Secretary is authorized to provide under subsection (a) of section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, other than under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of that subsection, shall be charged to this account. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  For military and naval insurance, national service life insurance, servicemen’s indem-nities, service-disabled veterans insurance, and veterans mortgage life insurance as au-thorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $124,504,000, to remain available until expended, of which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6047 September 22, 2016 
$107,899,000 shall become available on Octo-ber 1, 2017. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by sub-chapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That, during fiscal year 2017, within the resources available, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $198,856,000. 
VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION LOANS PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $36,000, as au-thorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, in-cluding the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided fur-ther, That funds made available under this heading are available to subsidize gross obli-gations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,517,000. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct loan pro-gram, $389,000, which may be paid to the ap-propriation for ‘‘General Operating Ex-penses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
NATIVE AMERICAN VETERAN HOUSING LOAN  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by sub-chapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,163,000. 
GENERAL OPERATING EXPENSES , VETERANS  
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary operating expenses of the Veterans Benefits Administration, not other-wise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the Gen-eral Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the De-partment of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $2,856,160,000: Provided, That expenses for services and assistance author-ized under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of section 3104(a) of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are necessary to enable entitled veterans: (1) to the maximum extent fea-sible, to become employable and to obtain and maintain suitable employment; or (2) to achieve maximum independence in daily liv-ing, shall be charged to this account: Pro- vided further, That, of the funds made avail-able under this heading, not to exceed 5 per-cent shall remain available until September 30, 2018. V
ETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  For necessary expenses for furnishing, as authorized by law, inpatient and outpatient care and treatment to beneficiaries of the Department of Veterans Affairs and veterans described in section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, including care and treatment in facilities not under the jurisdiction of the Department, and including medical supplies and equipment, bioengineering services, food services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, aid to State homes as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code, assistance and support services for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan repay-ments authorized by section 604 of the Care-givers and Veterans Omnibus Health Serv-ices Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), and hospital care and medical services authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code; $1,078,993,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that become available on October 1, 2016; and, in addition, $44,886,554,000, plus re-imbursements, shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this heading, $1,400,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro- vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treatment for vet-erans who have service-connected disabil-ities, lower income, or have special needs: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall give priority funding for the provision of basic medical benefits to veterans in enrollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Vet-erans Health Administration facilities to en-rolled veterans with privately written pre-scriptions based on requirements established by the Secretary: Provided further, That the implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no addi-tional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that suffi-cient amounts appropriated under this head-ing for medical supplies and equipment are available for the acquisition of prosthetics designed specifically for female veterans: Provided further, That the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall provide access to thera-peutic listening devices to veterans strug-gling with mental health related problems, substance abuse, or traumatic brain injury. MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  For necessary expenses for furnishing health care to individuals pursuant to chap-ter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non- Department facilities, $7,246,181,000, plus re-imbursements, of which $2,000,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020; and, in addition, $9,409,118,000 shall become available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That of the amount made available on Octo-ber 1, 2017, $1,500,000,000 shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2021. 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For necessary expenses in the administra-tion of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domiciliary, construction, supply, and re-search activities, as authorized by law; ad-ministrative expenses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for col-lecting and recovering amounts owed the De-partment as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $6,654,480,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this head-ing, $100,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For necessary expenses for the mainte-nance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other nec-essary facilities of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project manage-ment, real property acquisition and disposi-tion, construction, and renovation of any fa-cility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, engineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improv-ing, or providing facilities in the several hos-pitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, either by contract or by the hire of tem-porary employees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry serv-ices; $247,668,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that become available on October 1, 2016; and, in addition, $5,434,880,000, plus re-imbursements, shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2017, under this heading, $250,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  For necessary expenses in carrying out programs of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $675,366,000, plus reimbursements, shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts appropriated under this heading are available for prosthetic re-search specifically for female veterans, and for toxic exposure research. N
ATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses of the National Cemetery Administration for operations and maintenance, not otherwise provided for, in-cluding uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial expenses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial operations; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the juris-diction of the National Cemetery Adminis-tration, $286,193,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary operating expenses of the Department of Veterans Affairs, not other-wise provided for, including administrative expenses in support of Department-wide cap-ital planning, management and policy activi-ties, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $345,391,000, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That funds pro-vided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  For necessary operating expenses of the Board of Veterans Appeals, $156,096,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2018. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information technology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental informa-tion systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of informa-tion technology systems, including manage-ment and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including contractual costs as-sociated with operations authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6048 September 22, 2016 
$4,278,259,000, plus reimbursements: Provided, That $1,272,548,000 shall be for pay and associ-ated costs, of which not to exceed $37,100,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further, That $2,534,442,000 shall be for operations and maintenance, of which not to exceed $180,200,000 shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2018: Provided fur-ther, That $471,269,000 shall be for informa-tion technology systems development, mod-ernization, and enhancement, and shall re-main available until September 30, 2018: Pro- vided further, That amounts made available for information technology systems develop-ment, modernization, and enhancement may not be obligated or expended until the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs or the Chief Infor-mation Officer of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification of the amounts, in parts or in full, to be obligated and expended for each development project: Provided further, That amounts made available for salaries and ex-penses, operations and maintenance, and in-formation technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Veterans Affairs re-quests from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That amounts made available for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account for development, mod-ernization, and enhancement may be trans-ferred among projects or to newly defined projects: Provided further, That no project may be increased or decreased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a re-quest to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Provided further, That funds under this head-ing may be used by the Interagency Program Office through the Department of Veterans Affairs to define data standards, code sets, and value sets used to enable interoper-ability: Provided further, That of the funds made available for information technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement for VistA Evolution or any successor program, not more than 25 percent may be obligated or expended until the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs: (1) submits to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress the VistA Evolution Business Case and sup-porting documents regarding continuation of VistA Evolution or alternatives to VistA Evolution, including an analysis of necessary or desired capabilities, technical and secu-rity requirements, the plan for modernizing the platform framework, and all associated costs; (2) submits to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress, and such Committees approve, the following: a report that describes a strategic plan for VistA Evolution, or any successor program, and the associated implementation plan in-cluding metrics and timelines; a master schedule and lifecycle cost estimate for VistA Evolution or any successor; and an im-plementation plan for the transition from the Project Management Accountability System to a new project delivery framework, the Veteran-focused Integration Process, that includes the methodology by which projects will be tracked, progress measured, and deliverables evaluated; (3) submits to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress a report outlining the strategic plan to reach inter-operability with private sector healthcare providers, the timeline for reaching ‘‘mean-ingful use’’ as defined by the Office of Na-tional Coordinator for Health Information Technology for each data domain covered under the VistA Evolution program, and the extent to which the Department of Veterans Affairs leverages the State Health Informa-tion Exchanges to share health data with private sector providers; (4) submits to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress, and such Committees approve, the following: a report that describes the extent to which VistA Evolution, or any successor program, maximizes the use of commercially available software used by DoD and the private sector, requires an open architecture that leverages best practices and rapidly adapts to tech-nologies produced by the private sector, en-hances full interoperability between the VA and DoD and between VA and the private sector, and ensures the security of person-ally identifiable information of veterans and beneficiaries; and (5) certifies in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress that the Department of Veterans Af-fairs has met the requirements contained in the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) which require that electronic health record sys-tems of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs have reached interoperability, comply with national standards and architectural requirements identified by the DoD/VA Interagency Pro-gram Office in collaboration with the Office of National Coordinator for Health Informa-tion Technology: Provided further, That the funds made avail-able under this heading for information tech-nology systems development, modernization, and enhancement, shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, to include information technology, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $160,106,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018. 
CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, including planning, architec-tural and engineering services, construction management services, maintenance or guar-antee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construc-tion costs, and site acquisition, where the es-timated cost of a project is more than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, or where funds for a project were made available in a pre-vious major project appropriation, $528,110,000, of which $478,110,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021, and of which $50,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That except for advance planning activities, including needs assess-ments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and other capital asset man-agement related activities, including port-folio development and management activi-ties, and investment strategy studies funded through the advance planning fund and the planning and design activities funded through the design fund, including needs as-sessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and salaries and associ-ated costs of the resident engineers who oversee those capital investments funded through this account and contracting offi-cers who manage specific major construction projects, and funds provided for the pur-chase, security, and maintenance of land for the National Cemetery Administration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this head-ing shall be used for any project that has not been notified to Congress through the budg-etary process or that has not been approved by the Congress through statute, joint reso-lution, or in the explanatory statement ac-companying such Act and presented to the President at the time of enrollment: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for fiscal year 2017, for each ap-proved project shall be obligated: (1) by the awarding of a construction documents con-tract by September 30, 2017; and (2) by the awarding of a construction contract by Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any approved major construction project for which obligations are not incurred within the time limitations established above: Pro- vided further, That, of the amount made available under this heading, $222,620,000 for Veterans Health Administration major con-struction projects shall not be available until the Department of Veterans Affairs— (1) enters into an agreement with an appro-priate non-Department of Veterans Affairs Federal entity to serve as the design and/or construction agent for any Veterans Health Administration major construction project with a Total Estimated Cost of $100,000,000 or above by providing full project management services, including management of the project design, acquisition, construction, and contract changes, consistent with section 502 of Public Law 114–58; and (2) certifies in writing that such an agree-ment is executed and intended to minimize or prevent subsequent major construction project cost overruns and provides a copy of the agreement entered into and any required supplementary information to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including planning and assessments of needs which may lead to capital invest-ments, architectural and engineering serv-ices, maintenance or guarantee period serv-ices costs associated with equipment guaran-tees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, where the estimated cost of a project is equal to or less than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, $372,069,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, along with unobligated balances of previous ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’ appropriations which are hereby made available for any project where the estimated cost is equal to or less than the amount set forth in such sec-tion: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be for: (1) repairs to any of the nonmedical facilities under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6049 September 22, 2016 
which are necessary because of loss or dam-age caused by any natural disaster or catas-trophe; and (2) temporary measures nec-essary to prevent or to minimize further loss by such causes. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF STATE  
EXTENDED CARE FACILITIES  For grants to assist States to acquire or construct State nursing home and domi-ciliary facilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facilities in State homes, for fur-nishing care to veterans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS  
CEMETERIES  For grants to assist States and tribal orga-nizations in establishing, expanding, or im-proving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. Any appropriation for fiscal year 2017 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Re-adjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insur-ance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as necessary to any other of the mentioned ap-propriations: Provided, That, before a trans-fer may take place, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall request from the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 202. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount ap-propriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to notifica-tion from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and pur-pose of the transfer: Provided further, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 percent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Pro- vided further, That any transfers to or from the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. S
EC. 203. Appropriations available in this title for salaries and expenses shall be avail-able for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 204. No appropriations in this title (except the appropriations for ‘‘Construc-tion, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the con-struction of any new hospital or home. SEC. 205. No appropriations in this title shall be available for hospitalization or ex-amination of any persons (except bene-ficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. S
EC. 206. Appropriations available in this title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Re-adjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insur-ance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be recorded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2016. S
EC. 207. Appropriations available in this title shall be available to pay prior year obli-gations of corresponding prior year appro-priations accounts resulting from sections 3328(a), 3334, and 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, except that if such obligations are from trust fund accounts they shall be payable only from ‘‘Compensation and Pen-sions’’. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, during fiscal year 2017, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall, from the National Service Life Insurance Fund under section 1920 of title 38, United States Code, the Veterans’ Special Life Insurance Fund under section 1923 of title 38, United States Code, and the United States Government Life Insurance Fund under section 1955 of title 38, United States Code, reimburse the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Ben-efits Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for the cost of administration of the insurance programs financed through those accounts: Provided, That reimbursement shall be made only from the surplus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2017 that are available for dividends in that pro-gram after claims have been paid and actu-arially determined reserves have been set aside: Provided further, That if the cost of ad-ministration of such an insurance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accu-mulated in that program, reimbursement shall be made only to the extent of such sur-plus earnings: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall determine the cost of adminis-tration for fiscal year 2017 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insur-ance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that insurance program. S
EC. 209. Amounts deducted from en-hanced-use lease proceeds to reimburse an account for expenses incurred by that ac-count during a prior fiscal year for providing enhanced-use lease services, may be obli-gated during the fiscal year in which the pro-ceeds are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 210. Funds available in this title or funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management of the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Of-fice of Employment Discrimination Com-plaint Adjudication under section 319 of title 38, United States Code, for all services pro-vided at rates which will recover actual costs but not to exceed $47,668,000 for the Office of Resolution Management and $3,932,000 for the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication: Provided, That pay-ments may be made in advance for services to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further, That amounts received shall be credited to the ‘‘General Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ ac-counts for use by the office that provided the service. SEC. 211. No funds of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall be available for hos-pital care, nursing home care, or medical services provided to any person under chap-ter 17 of title 38, United States Code, for a non-service-connected disability described in section 1729(a)(2) of such title, unless that person has disclosed to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, in such form as the Secretary may require, current, accurate third-party reimbursement information for purposes of section 1729 of such title: Provided, That the Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the reasonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such dis-closure as required: Provided further, That any amounts so recovered for care or serv-ices provided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 212. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, proceeds or revenues derived from enhanced-use leasing activities (includ-ing disposal) may be deposited into the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’ accounts and be used for construction (including site acquisi-tion and disposition), alterations, and im-provements of any medical facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such sums as realized are in addition to the amount provided for in ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’. S
EC. 213. Amounts made available under ‘‘Medical Services’’ are available— (1) for furnishing recreational facilities, supplies, and equipment; and (2) for funeral expenses, burial expenses, and other expenses incidental to funerals and burials for beneficiaries receiving care in the Department. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 214. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Community Care’’ accounts to remain available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. S
EC. 215. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into agreements with Federally Qualified Health Centers in the State of Alaska and Indian tribes and tribal organiza-tions which are party to the Alaska Native Health Compact with the Indian Health Service, to provide healthcare, including be-havioral health and dental care, to veterans in rural Alaska. The Secretary shall require participating veterans and facilities to com-ply with all appropriate rules and regula-tions, as established by the Secretary. The term ‘‘rural Alaska’’ shall mean those lands which are not within the boundaries of the municipality of Anchorage or the Fairbanks North Star Borough. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 216. Such sums as may be deposited to the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to remain available until expended for the pur-poses of these accounts. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 217. Of the amounts appropriated in title II of division J of Public Law 114–113 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6050 September 22, 2016 
under the heading ‘‘Medical Services’’ which become available on October 1, 2016, $7,246,181,000 are hereby rescinded. S
EC. 218. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report on the financial status of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the preceding quarter: Provided, That, at a min-imum, the report shall include the direction contained in the paragraph entitled ‘‘Quar-terly reporting’’, under the heading ‘‘General Administration’’ in the joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 219. Amounts made available under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Commu-nity Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compli-ance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Oper-ating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’, ‘‘General Administration’’, and ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’ ac-counts for fiscal year 2017 may be transferred to or from the ‘‘Information Technology Sys-tems’’ account: Provided, That such transfers may not result in a more than 10 percent ag-gregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided fur-ther, That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall re-quest from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and an approval is issued. S
EC. 220. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used in a manner that is in-consistent with: (1) section 842 of the Trans-portation, Treasury, Housing and Urban De-velopment, the Judiciary, the District of Co-lumbia, and Independent Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2506); or (2) section 8110(a)(5) of title 38, United States Code. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 221. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’, and ‘‘Informa-tion Technology Systems’’, up to $274,731,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Fed-eral medical facilities as described by sec-tion 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notifica-tion by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That section 223 of title II of division J of Public Law 114–113 is repealed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 222. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2017, for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, up to $280,802,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Fed-eral medical facilities as described by sec-tion 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notifica-tion by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 223. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, for healthcare provided at facilities designated as combined Federal medical fa-cilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500) shall also be available: (1) for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, es-tablished by section 1704 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571); and (2) for operations of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as de-scribed by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 224. Of the amounts available in this title for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Com-munity Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Com-pliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, a min-imum of $15,000,000 shall be transferred to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund, as authorized by section 8111(d) of title 38, United States Code, to remain available until expended, for any purpose authorized by section 8111 of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 225. None of the funds available to the Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Inte-grated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes monitoring supplies and equip-ment. S
EC. 226. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings in a major construction project that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, which-ever is less: Provided, That such notification shall occur within 14 days of a contract iden-tifying the programmed amount: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 14 days prior to the obli-gation of such bid savings and shall describe the anticipated use of such savings. S
EC. 227. None of the funds made available for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope spec-ified for that project in the original jus-tification data provided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 228. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a quarterly report containing per-formance measures and data from each Vet-erans Benefits Administration Regional Of-fice: Provided, That, at a minimum, the re-port shall include the direction contained in the section entitled ‘‘Disability claims back-log’’, under the heading ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administra-tion’’ in the joint explanatory statement ac-companying this Act. SEC. 229. Of the funds provided to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017 for ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ a maximum of $40,000,000 may be obligated from the ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ account for the VistA Evolution and elec-tronic health record interoperability projects: Provided, That funds in addition to these amounts may be obligated for the VistA Evolution and electronic health record interoperability projects upon written notifi-cation by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 230. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide written notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 15 days prior to organiza-tional changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more full-time equivalents from one or-ganizational unit of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to another. S
EC. 231. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national outreach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $2,000,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 232. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, upon determination that such action is nec-essary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account any discre-tionary appropriations made available for fiscal year 2017 in this title (except appro-priations made to the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administra-tion’’ account) or any discretionary unobli-gated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appro-priated for fiscal year 2017, that were pro-vided in advance by appropriations Acts: Pro- vided, That transfers shall be made only with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further, That the trans-fer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority pro-vided by law: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That such au-thority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided fur-ther, That, upon determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appro-priation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropria-tion and shall be available for the same pur-poses as originally appropriated: Provided further, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and receive ap-proval of that request. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 233. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Ap-peals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6051 September 22, 2016 
Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and receive ap-proval of that request. S
EC. 234. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not reprogram funds among major con-struction projects or programs if such in-stance of reprogramming will exceed $5,000,000, unless such reprogramming is ap-proved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 235. Of the unobligated balances avail-able within the ‘‘DOD–VA Health Care Shar-ing Incentive Fund’’, $40,000,000 are hereby rescinded. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 236. Of the discretionary funds made available in Public Law 114–113 for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2017, $134,000,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Services’’, $26,000,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and $9,000,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Facili-ties’’. S
EC. 237. The amounts otherwise made available by this Act for the following ac-counts of the Department of Veterans Affairs are hereby reduced by the following amounts: (1) ‘‘Veterans Health Administration— Medical and Prosthetic Research’’, $2,000,000. (2) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Board of Veterans Appeals’’, $500,000. (3) ‘‘Veterans Benefits Administration— General Operating Expenses, Veterans Bene-fits Administration’’, $12,000,000. (4) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Infor-mation Technology Systems’’, $8,000,000. (5) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Office of Inspector General’’, $500,000. S
EC. 238. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the toll-free suicide hotline under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code— (1) provides to individuals who contact the hotline immediate assistance from a trained professional; and (2) adheres to all requirements of the American Association of Suicidology. S
EC. 239. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall treat a marriage and family thera-pist described in subsection (b) as qualified to serve as a marriage and family therapist in the Department of Veterans Affairs, re-gardless of any requirements established by the Commission on Accreditation for Mar-riage and Family Therapy Education. (b) A marriage and family therapist de-scribed in this subsection is a therapist who meets each of the following criteria: (1) Has a masters or higher degree in mar-riage and family therapy, or a related field, from a regionally accredited institution. (2) Is licensed as a marriage and family therapist in a State (as defined in section 101(20) of title 38, United States Code) and possesses the highest level of licensure of-fered from the State. (3) Has passed the Association of Marital and Family Therapy Regulatory Board Ex-amination in Marital and Family Therapy or a related examination for licensure adminis-tered by a State (as so defined). S
EC. 240. None of the funds in this or any other Act may be used to close Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hospitals, domicil-iaries, or clinics, conduct an environmental assessment, or to diminish healthcare serv-ices at existing Veterans Health Administra-tion medical facilities located in Veterans Integrated Service Network 23 as part of a planned realignment of VA services until the Secretary provides to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a re-port including the following elements: (1) a national realignment strategy that includes a detailed description of realign-ment plans within each Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN), including an up-dated Long Range Capital Plan to imple-ment realignment requirements; (2) an explanation of the process by which those plans were developed and coordinated within each VISN; (3) a cost vs. benefit analysis of each planned realignment, including the cost of replacing Veterans Health Administration services with contract care or other outsourced services; (4) an analysis of how any such planned re-alignment of services will impact access to care for veterans living in rural or highly rural areas, including travel distances and transportation costs to access a VA medical facility and availability of local specialty and primary care; (5) an inventory of VA buildings with his-toric designation and the methodology used to determine the buildings’ condition and utilization; (6) a description of how any realignment will be consistent with requirements under the National Historic Preservation Act; and (7) consideration given for reuse of historic buildings within newly identified realign-ment requirements: Provided, That, this pro-vision shall not apply to capital projects in VISN 23, or any other VISN, which have been authorized or approved by Congress. SEC. 241. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior appropriations Acts or other-wise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used to transfer any amounts from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account within the Department of Veterans Affairs. S
EC. 242. Paragraph (3) of section 403(a) of the Veterans’ Mental Health and Other Care Improvements Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 387; 38 U.S.C. 1703 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) D
URATION .—A veteran may receive health services under this section during the period beginning on the date specified in paragraph (2) and ending on September 30, 2017.’’. S
EC. 243. (a) Section 1722A(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Paragraph (1) does not apply to opioid antagonists furnished under this chapter to a veteran who is at high risk for overdose of a specific medication or substance in order to reverse the effect of such an overdose.’’. (b) Section 1710(g)(3) of such title is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘with respect to home health services’’ and inserting ‘‘with respect to the following:’’ ‘‘(A) Home health services’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) Education on the use of opioid antago-nists to reverse the effects of overdoses of specific medications or substances.’’. S
EC. 244. Section 312 of title 38, United States Code, is amended in subsection (c)(1) by striking the phrase ‘‘that makes a rec-ommendation or otherwise suggests correc-tive action,’’. S
EC. 245. Of the funds provided to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for each of fis-cal year 2017 and fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, funds may be used in each year to carry out and expand the child care program authorized by section 205 of Public Law 111– 163, notwithstanding subsection (e) of such section. S
EC. 246. Section 5701(l) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. VA PATIENT PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 S
EC. 247. (a) P ROCEDURE AND ADMINISTRA -
TION.— (1) I
NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—WHISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS ‘‘§ 731. Whistleblower complaint defined ‘‘In this subchapter, the term ‘whistle-blower complaint’ means a complaint by an employee of the Department disclosing, or assisting another employee to disclose, a po-tential violation of any law, rule, or regula-tion, or gross mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safe-ty. ‘‘§ 732. Treatment of whistleblower com-plaints ‘‘(a) F
ILING .—(1) In addition to any other method established by law in which an em-ployee may file a whistleblower complaint, an employee of the Department may file a whistleblower complaint in accordance with subsection (g) with a supervisor of the em-ployee. ‘‘(2) Except as provided by subsection (d)(1), in making a whistleblower complaint under paragraph (1), an employee shall file the initial complaint with the immediate su-pervisor of the employee. ‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—(1)(A) Not later than four business days after the date on which a supervisor receives a whistleblower com-plaint by an employee under this section, the supervisor shall notify, in writing, the em-ployee of whether the supervisor determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that the complaint discloses a violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or gross mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. ‘‘(B) The supervisor shall retain written documentation regarding the whistleblower complaint and shall submit to the next-level supervisor and the central whistleblower of-fice described in subsection (h) a written re-port on the complaint. ‘‘(2)(A) On a monthly basis, the supervisor shall submit to the appropriate director or other official who is superior to the super-visor a written report that includes the num-ber of whistleblower complaints received by the supervisor under this section during the month covered by the report, the disposition of such complaints, and any actions taken because of such complaints pursuant to sub-section (c). ‘‘(B) In the case in which such a director or official carries out this paragraph, the direc-tor or official shall submit such monthly re-port to the supervisor of the director or offi-cial and to the central whistleblower office described in subsection (h). ‘‘(c) P
OSITIVE DETERMINATION .—If a super-visor makes a positive determination under subsection (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower complaint of an employee, the supervisor shall include in the notification to the em-ployee under such subsection the specific ac-tions that the supervisor will take to address the complaint. ‘‘(d) F
ILING COMPLAINT WITHNEXT-LEVEL  S
UPERVISORS .—(1) If any circumstance de-scribed in paragraph (3) is met, an employee may file a whistleblower complaint in ac-cordance with subsection (g) with the next- level supervisor who shall treat such com-plaint in accordance with this section. ‘‘(2) An employee may file a whistleblower complaint with the Secretary if the em-ployee has filed the whistleblower complaint to each level of supervisors between the em-ployee and the Secretary in accordance with paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6052 September 22, 2016 
‘‘(3) A circumstance described in this para-graph is any of the following circumstances: ‘‘(A) A supervisor does not make a timely determination under subsection (b)(1) re-garding a whistleblower complaint. ‘‘(B) The employee who made a whistle-blower complaint determines that the super-visor did not adequately address the com-plaint pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(C) The immediate supervisor of the em-ployee is the basis of the whistleblower com-plaint. ‘‘(e) T
RANSFER OF EMPLOYEE WHOFILES W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT .—If a supervisor makes a positive determination under sub-section (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower com-plaint filed by an employee, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) inform the employee of the ability to volunteer for a transfer in accordance with section 3352 of title 5; and ‘‘(2) give preference to the employee for such a transfer in accordance with such sec-tion. ‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION ON EXEMPTION .—The Sec- retary may not exempt any employee of the Department from being covered by this sec-tion. ‘‘(g) W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT FORM.—(1) A whistleblower complaint filed by an em-ployee under subsection (a) or (d) shall con-sist of the form described in paragraph (2) and any supporting materials or documenta-tion the employee determines necessary. ‘‘(2) The form described in this paragraph is a form developed by the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Special Counsel, that in-cludes the following: ‘‘(A) An explanation of the purpose of the whistleblower complaint form. ‘‘(B) Instructions for filing a whistleblower complaint as described in this section. ‘‘(C) An explanation that filing a whistle-blower complaint under this section does not preclude the employee from any other meth-od established by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint. ‘‘(D) A statement directing the employee to information accessible on the Internet website of the Department as described in section 735(d). ‘‘(E) Fields for the employee to provide— ‘‘(i) the date that the form is submitted; ‘‘(ii) the name of the employee; ‘‘(iii) the contact information of the em-ployee; ‘‘(iv) a summary of the whistleblower com-plaint (including the option to append sup-porting documents pursuant to paragraph (1)); and ‘‘(v) proposed solutions to the complaint. ‘‘(F) Any other information or fields that the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(3) The Secretary, in consultation with the Special Counsel, shall develop the form described in paragraph (2) by not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this section. ‘‘(h) C
ENTRAL WHISTLEBLOWER OFFICE .—(1) The Secretary shall ensure that the central whistleblower office— ‘‘(A) is not an element of the Office of the General Counsel; ‘‘(B) is not headed by an official who re-ports to the General Counsel; ‘‘(C) does not provide, or receive from, the General Counsel any information regarding a whistleblower complaint except pursuant to an action regarding the complaint before an administrative body or court; and ‘‘(D) does not provide advice to the General Counsel. ‘‘(2) The central whistleblower office shall be responsible for investigating all whistle-blower complaints of the Department, re-gardless of whether such complaints are made by or against an employee who is not a member of the Senior Executive Service. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall ensure that the central whistleblower office maintains a toll-free hotline to anonymously receive whistleblower complaints. ‘‘(4) The Secretary shall ensure that the central whistleblower office has such staff and resources as the Secretary considers nec-essary to carry out the functions of the cen-tral whistleblower office. ‘‘(5) In this subsection, the term ‘central whistleblower office’ means the Office of Ac-countability Review or a successor office that is established or designated by the Sec-retary to investigate whistleblower com-plaints filed under this section or any other method established by law. ‘‘§ 733. Adverse actions against supervisory employees who commit prohibited per-sonnel actions relating to whistleblower complaints ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—(1) In accordance with paragraph (2), the Secretary shall carry out the following adverse actions against super-visory employees (as defined in section 7103(a) of title 5) whom the Secretary, an ad-ministrative judge, the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board, the Office of Special Counsel, an adjudicating body provided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or the Inspector General of the Department determines com-mitted a prohibited personnel action de-scribed in subsection (c): ‘‘(A) With respect to the first offense, an adverse action that is not less than a 12-day suspension and not more than removal. ‘‘(B) With respect to the second offense, re-moval. ‘‘(2)(A) An employee against whom an ad-verse action under paragraph (1) is proposed is entitled to written notice. ‘‘(B)(i) An employee who is notified under subparagraph (A) of being the subject of a proposed adverse action under paragraph (1) is entitled to 14 days following such notifica-tion to answer and furnish evidence in sup-port of the answer. ‘‘(ii) If the employee does not furnish any such evidence as described in clause (i) or if the Secretary determines that such evidence is not sufficient to reverse the determination to propose the adverse action, the Secretary shall carry out the adverse action following such 14-day period. ‘‘(C) Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of section 7513 of title 5, subsection (c) of such section, paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-section (b) of section 7543 of such title, and subsection (c) of such section shall not apply with respect to an adverse action carried out under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON OTHER ADVERSE AC-
TIONS .—With respect to a prohibited per-sonnel action described in subsection (c), if the Secretary carries out an adverse action against a supervisory employee, the Sec-retary may carry out an additional adverse action under this section based on the same prohibited personnel action if the total se-verity of the adverse actions do not exceed the level specified in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITED PERSONNEL ACTION DE-
SCRIBED .—A prohibited personnel action de-scribed in this subsection is any of the fol-lowing actions: ‘‘(1) Taking or failing to take a personnel action in violation of section 2302 of title 5 against an employee relating to the em-ployee— ‘‘(A) filing a whistleblower complaint in accordance with section 732 of this title; ‘‘(B) filing a whistleblower complaint with the Inspector General of the Department, the Special Counsel, or Congress; ‘‘(C) providing information or partici-pating as a witness in an investigation of a whistleblower complaint in accordance with section 732 or with the Inspector General of the Department, the Special Counsel, or Con-gress; ‘‘(D) participating in an audit or investiga-tion by the Comptroller General of the United States; ‘‘(E) refusing to perform an action that is unlawful or prohibited by the Department; or ‘‘(F) engaging in communications that are related to the duties of the position or are otherwise protected. ‘‘(2) Preventing or restricting an employee from making an action described in any of subparagraphs (A) through (F) of paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) Conducting a negative peer review or opening a retaliatory investigation because of an activity of an employee that is pro-tected by section 2302 of title 5. ‘‘(4) Requesting a contractor to carry out an action that is prohibited by section 4705(b) or section 4712(a)(1) of title 41, as the case may be. ‘‘§ 734. Evaluation criteria of supervisors and treatment of bonuses ‘‘(a) EVALUATION CRITERIA .—(1) In evalu-ating the performance of supervisors of the Department, the Secretary shall include the criteria described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) The criteria described in this sub-section are the following: ‘‘(A) Whether the supervisor treats whis-tleblower complaints in accordance with sec-tion 732 of this title. ‘‘(B) Whether the appropriate deciding offi-cial, performance review board, or perform-ance review committee determines that the supervisor was found to have committed a prohibited personnel action described in sec-tion 733(b) of this title by an administrative judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Office of Special Counsel, an adjudi-cating body provided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or, in the case of a settle-ment of a whistleblower complaint (regard-less of whether any fault was assigned under such settlement), the Secretary. ‘‘(b) B
ONUSES .—(1) The Secretary may not pay to a supervisor described in subsection (a)(2)(B) an award or bonus under this title or title 5, including under chapter 45 or 53 of such title, during the one-year period begin-ning on the date on which the determination was made under such subsection. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall issue an order di-recting a supervisor described in subsection (a)(2)(B) to repay the amount of any award or bonus paid under this title or title 5, in-cluding under chapter 45 or 53 of such title, if— ‘‘(A) such award or bonus was paid for per-formance during a period in which the super-visor committed a prohibited personnel ac-tion as determined pursuant to such sub-section (a)(2)(B); ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines such repay-ment appropriate pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary to carry out this section; and ‘‘(C) the supervisor is afforded notice and an opportunity for a hearing before making such repayment. ‘‘§ 735. Training regarding whistleblower complaints ‘‘(a) T
RAINING .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary, in coordina-tion with the Whistleblower Protection Om-budsman designated under section 3(d)(1)(C) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), shall provide to each employee of the Department training regarding whistle-blower complaints, including— ‘‘(1) an explanation of each method estab-lished by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6053 September 22, 2016 
‘‘(2) an explanation of prohibited personnel actions described by section 733(c) of this title; ‘‘(3) with respect to supervisors, how to treat whistleblower complaints in accord-ance with section 732 of this title; ‘‘(4) the right of the employee to petition Congress regarding a whistleblower com-plaint in accordance with section 7211 of title 5; ‘‘(5) an explanation that the employee may not be prosecuted or reprised against for dis-closing information to Congress, the Inspec-tor General, or another investigatory agency in instances where such disclosure is per-mitted by law, including under sections 5701, 5705, and 7732 of this title, under section 552a of title 5 (commonly referred to as the Pri-vacy Act), under chapter 93 of title 18, and pursuant to regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Port-ability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Pub-lic Law 104–191); ‘‘(6) an explanation of the language that is required to be included in all nondisclosure policies, forms, and agreements pursuant to section 115(a)(1) of the Whistleblower Protec-tion Enhancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note); and ‘‘(7) the right of contractors to be pro-tected from reprisal for the disclosure of cer-tain information under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41. ‘‘(b) M
ANNER TRAINING ISPROVIDED .—The Secretary shall ensure that training pro-vided under subsection (a) is provided in per-son. ‘‘(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall pro-vide training on merit system protection in a manner that the Special Counsel certifies as being satisfactory. ‘‘(d) P
UBLICATION .—(1) The Secretary shall publish on the Internet website of the De-partment, and display prominently at each facility of the Department, the rights of an employee to file a whistleblower complaint, including the information described in para-graphs (1) through (7) of subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall publish on the Internet website of the Department, the whistleblower complaint form described in section 732(g)(2). ‘‘§ 736. Reports to Congress ‘‘(a) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report that includes— ‘‘(1) with respect to whistleblower com-plaints filed under section 732 of this title during the year covered by the report— ‘‘(A) the number of such complaints filed; ‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-dressed such complaints in which a positive determination was made by a supervisor under subsection (b)(1) of such section; ‘‘(2) the number of whistleblower com-plaints filed during the year covered by the report that are not included under paragraph (1), including— ‘‘(A) the method in which such complaints were filed; ‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-dressed such complaints; and ‘‘(3) with respect to disclosures made by a contractor under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41— ‘‘(A) the number of complaints relating to such disclosures that were investigated by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs during the year covered by the report; ‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-dressed such complaints. ‘‘(b) NOTICE OF OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  D
ETERMINATIONS .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives from the Special Counsel information relating to a whistleblower complaint pursu-ant to section 1213 of title 5, the Secretary shall notify the appropriate committees of Congress of such information, including the determination made by the Special Counsel. ‘‘(c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS .—In this section, the term ‘appro-priate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such chap-ter is further amended by inserting before section 701 the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL EMPLOYEE MATTERS’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended— (i) by inserting before the item relating to section 701 the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL EMPLOYEE  
MATTERS ’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —WHISTLEBLOWER  
COMPLAINTS  ‘‘731. Whistleblower complaint defined. ‘‘732. Treatment of whistleblower com-plaints. ‘‘733. Adverse actions against supervisory employees who commit prohib-ited personnel actions relating to whistleblower complaints. ‘‘734. Evaluation criteria of supervisors and treatment of bonuses. ‘‘735. Training regarding whistleblower com-plaints. ‘‘736. Reports to Congress.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CONGRESSIONAL TESTI-
MONY BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  E
MPLOYEES AS OFFICIAL DUTY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, as designated by section 2(a)(2)(A), is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 715. Congressional testimony by employees: treatment as official duty ‘‘(a) C
ONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY .—An em- ployee of the Department is performing offi-cial duty during the period with respect to which the employee is testifying in an offi-cial capacity in front of either chamber of Congress, a committee of either chamber of Congress, or a joint or select committee of Congress. ‘‘(b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The Secretary shall provide travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with applicable provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, to any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs per-forming official duty described under sub-section (a).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 2(a)(2)(B), is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 713 the following new item: ‘‘715. Congressional testimony by employees: treatment as official duty.’’. S
EC. 248. (a) I NGENERAL .—For the purposes of verifying that an individual performed service under honorable conditions that sat-isfies the requirements of a coastwise mer-chant seaman who is recognized pursuant to section 401 of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 (Public Law 95–202; 38 U.S.C. 106 note) as having performed active duty service for the purposes described in subsection (c)(1), the Secretary of Defense shall accept the fol-lowing: (1) In the case of an individual who served on a coastwise merchant vessel seeking such recognition for whom no applicable Coast Guard shipping or discharge form, ship log-book, merchant mariner’s document or Z- card, or other official employment record is available, the Secretary of Defense shall pro-vide such recognition on the basis of applica-ble Social Security Administration records submitted for or by the individual, together with validated testimony given by the indi-vidual or the primary next of kin of the indi-vidual that the individual performed such service during the period beginning on De-cember 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946. (2) In the case of an individual who served on a coastwise merchant vessel seeking such recognition for whom the applicable Coast Guard shipping or discharge form, ship log-book, merchant mariner’s document or Z- card, or other official employment record has been destroyed or otherwise become un-available by reason of any action committed by a person responsible for the control and maintenance of such form, logbook, or record, the Secretary of Defense shall accept other official documentation demonstrating that the individual performed such service during period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946. (3) For the purpose of determining whether to recognize service allegedly performed dur-ing the period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946, the Sec-retary shall recognize masters of seagoing vessels or other officers in command of simi-larly organized groups as agents of the United States who were authorized to docu-ment any individual for purposes of hiring the individual to perform service in the mer-chant marine or discharging an individual from such service. (b) TREATMENT OF OTHER DOCUMENTA -
TION.—Other documentation accepted by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (a)(2) shall satisfy all requirements for eligi-bility of service during the period beginning on December 7, 1941, and ending on December 31, 1946. (c) B
ENEFITS ALLOWED .— (1) M
EDALS , RIBBONS , AND DECORATIONS .— An individual whose service is recognized as active duty pursuant to subsection (a) may be awarded an appropriate medal, ribbon, or other military decoration based on such service. (2) S
TATUS OF VETERAN .—An individual whose service is recognized as active duty pursuant to subsection (a) shall be honored as a veteran but shall not be entitled by rea-son of such recognized service to any benefit that is not described in this subsection. S
EC. 249. Section 322(d)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘allowance to a veteran’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘allowance to— ‘‘(A) a veteran’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), as designated by paragraph (1), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) a veteran with a VA service-connected disability rated as 30 percent or greater by the Department of Veterans Affairs who is selected by the United States Olympic Com-mittee for the United States Olympic Team 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6054 September 22, 2016 
for any month in which the veteran is com-peting in any event sanctioned by the Na-tional Governing Bodies of the United States Olympic Sports.’’. S
EC. 250. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 111(b)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(G) A veteran with vision impairment, a veteran with a spinal cord injury or disorder, or a veteran with double or multiple amputa-tions whose travel is in connection with care provided through a special disabilities reha-bilitation program of the Department (in-cluding programs provided by spinal cord in-jury centers, blind rehabilitation centers, and prosthetics rehabilitation centers) if such care is provided— ‘‘(i) on an in-patient basis; or ‘‘(ii) during a period in which the Sec-retary provides the veteran with temporary lodging at a facility of the Department to make such care more accessible to the vet-eran.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the beneficiary travel program under section 111 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), that includes the following: (1) The cost of the program. (2) The number of veterans served by the program. (3) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year that be-gins after the date of the enactment of this Act. S
EC. 251. (a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a program to conduct inspections of kitchens and food service areas at each medical facility of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Such inspections shall occur not less frequently than annually. The pro-gram’s goal is to ensure that the same stand-ards for kitchens and food service areas at hospitals in the private sector are being met at kitchens and food service areas at medical facilities of the Department. (b) A
GREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Or-ganizations under which the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organiza-tions conducts the inspections required under subsection (a). (2) A
LTERNATE ORGANIZATION .—If the Sec-retary is unable to enter into an agreement described in paragraph (1) with the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Or-ganizations on terms acceptable to the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall seek to enter into such an agreement with another appropriate organization that— (A) is not part of the Federal Government; (B) operates as a not-for-profit entity; and (C) has expertise and objectivity com-parable to that of the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations. (c) R
EMEDIATION PLAN.— (1) I
NITIAL FAILURE .—If a kitchen or food service area of a medical facility of the De-partment is determined pursuant to an in-spection conducted under subsection (a) not to meet the standards for kitchens and food service areas in hospitals in the private sec-tor, that medical facility fails the inspection and the Secretary shall— (A) implement a remediation plan for that medical facility within 72 hours; and (B) Conduct a second inspection under sub-section (a) at that medical facility within 14 days of the failed inspection. (2) SECOND FAILURE .—If a medical facility of the Department fails the second inspec-tion conducted under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall close the kitchen or food service area at that medical facility that did not meet the standards for kitchens and food service areas in hospitals in the private sec-tor until full remediation is completed and all kitchens and food service areas at that medical facility meet such standards. (3) P
ROVISION OF FOOD .—If a kitchen or food service area is closed at a medical facility of the Department pursuant to paragraph (2), the Director of the Veterans Integrated Service Network in which the medical facil-ity is located shall enter into a contract with a vendor approved by the General Serv-ices Administration to provide food at the medical facility. (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not less fre-quently than quarterly, the Under Secretary of Health shall submit to Congress a report on inspections conducted under this section, and their detailed findings and actions taken, during the preceding quarter at med-ical facilities of the Department. S
EC. 252. (a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a program to conduct risk-based in-spections for mold and mold issues at each medical facility of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Such facilities will be rated high, medium, or low risk for mold. Such in-spections at facilities rated high risk shall occur not less frequently than annually, and such inspections at facilities rated medium or low risk shall occur not less frequently than biennially. (b) A
GREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Or-ganizations under which the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organiza-tions conducts the inspections required under subsection (a). (2) A
LTERNATE ORGANIZATION .—If the Sec-retary is unable to enter into an agreement described in paragraph (1) with the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Or-ganizations on terms acceptable to the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall seek to enter into such an agreement with another appropriate organization that— (A) is not part of the Federal Government; (B) operates as a not-for-profit entity; and (C) has expertise and objectivity com-parable to that of the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations. (c) R
EMEDIATION PLAN.—If a medical facil-ity of the Department is determined pursu-ant to an inspection conducted under sub-section (a) to have a mold issue, the Sec-retary shall— (1) implement a remediation plan for that medical facility within 7 days; and (2) Conduct a second inspection under sub-section (a) at that medical facility within 90 days of the initial inspection. (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not less fre-quently than quarterly, the Under Secretary for Health shall submit to Congress a report on inspections conducted under this section, and their detailed findings and actions taken, during the preceding quarter at med-ical facilities of the Department. S
EC. 253. Section 1706(b)(5)(A) of title 38, United States Code, is amended, in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘through 2008’’. S
EC. 254. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs may use amounts appropriated or oth-erwise made available in this title to ensure that the ratio of veterans to full-time em-ployment equivalents within any program of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, does not exceed 125 veterans to one full-time employment equivalent. (b) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the pro-grams of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, in-cluding— (1) an assessment of the veteran-to-staff ratio for each such program; and (2) recommendations for such action as the Secretary considers necessary to reduce the veteran-to-staff ratio for each such program. SEC. 255. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to deny an In-spector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede that Inspector General’s access to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provi-sion of law that expressly refers to the In-spector General and expressly limits the In-spector General’s right of access. (b) A department or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with access to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. (c) Each Inspector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure relevant to the information pro-vided by the establishment over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this require-ment. S
EC. 256. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this title may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement related to resolv-ing a dispute or claim with an individual that would restrict in any way the individual from speaking to members of Congress or their staff on any topic not otherwise prohib-ited from disclosure by Federal law or re-quired by Executive Order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs. S
EC. 257. Appropriations made available in this Act under the heading ‘‘Medical Serv-ices’’ shall be available to carry out sections 322(d) and 521A of title 38, United States Code, to include the payment of the adminis-trative expenses necessary to carry out such sections. Of the amount appropriated for fis-cal year 2017, up to $2,000,000 shall be avail-able for the payment of monthly assistance allowances to veterans pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 322(d) and up to $8,000,000 shall be available for the payment of grants pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 521A. Of the amounts appropriated in advance for fiscal year 2018, up to $2,000,000 shall be available for the payment of month-ly assistance allowances to veterans pursu-ant to 38 U.S.C. 322(d) and up to $8,000,000 shall be available for the payment of grants pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 521A. S
EC. 258. (a) In fiscal year 2017 and each fis-cal year hereafter, beginning with the fiscal year 2018 budget request submitted to Con-gress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the budget justification documents submitted for the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ account of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall include, at a min-imum, the information required under sub-section (b). (b) The budget justification documents submitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall include, for each project— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6055 September 22, 2016 
(1) the estimated total cost of the project; (2) the funding provided for each fiscal year prior to the budget year; (3) the amount requested for the budget year; (4) the estimated funding required for the project for each of the 4 fiscal years suc-ceeding the budget year; and (5) such additional information as is enu-merated under the heading relating to the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ account of the Department of Veterans Affairs in the joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act. (c) Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress a proposed budget justification tem-plate that complies with the requirements of this section. S
EC. 259. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs may carry out the following major med-ical facility projects, with each project to be carried out in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that project: (1) Seismic corrections to buildings, in-cluding retrofitting and replacement of high- risk buildings, in San Francisco, California, in an amount not to exceed $180,480,000. (2) Seismic corrections to facilities, includ-ing facilities to support homeless veterans, at the medical center in West Los Angeles, California, in an amount not to exceed $105,500,000. (3) Seismic corrections to the mental health and community living center in Long Beach, California, in an amount not to ex-ceed $287,100,000. (4) Construction of an outpatient clinic, administrative space, cemetery, and col-umbarium in Alameda, California, in an amount not to exceed $87,332,000. (5) Realignment of medical facilities in Livermore, California, in an amount not to exceed $194,430,000. (6) Construction of a medical center in Louisville, Kentucky, in an amount not to exceed $150,000,000. (7) Construction of a replacement commu-nity living center in Perry Point, Maryland, in an amount not to exceed $92,700,000. (8) Seismic corrections and other renova-tions to several buildings and construction of a specialty care building in American Lake, Washington, in an amount not to ex-ceed $16,260,000. (b) There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fis-cal year 2016 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Construction, Major Projects, account, $1,113,802,000 for the projects authorized in subsection (a). (c) The projects authorized in subsection (a) may only be carried out using— (1) funds appropriated for fiscal year 2016 pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in subsection (b); (2) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; (3) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; (4) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for fiscal year 2016 for a cat-egory of activity not specific to a project; (5) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project; and (6) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project. S
EC. 260. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account may be used to provide— (1) fertility counseling and treatment using assisted reproductive technology to a covered veteran or the spouse of a covered veteran; or (2) adoption reimbursement to a covered veteran. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘service-connected’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘covered veteran’’ means a veteran, as such term is defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code, who has a service-connected disability that results in the inability of the veteran to procreate without the use of fertility treatment. (3) The term ‘‘assisted reproductive tech-nology’’ means benefits relating to reproduc-tive assistance provided to a member of the Armed Forces who incurs a serious injury or illness on active duty pursuant to section 1074(c)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, as described in the memorandum on the sub-ject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Se-verely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such policy, including any limita-tions on the amount of such benefits avail-able to such a member. (4) The term ‘‘adoption reimbursement’’ means reimbursement for the adoption-re-lated expenses for an adoption that is final-ized after the date of the enactment of this Act under the same terms as apply under the adoption reimbursement program of the De-partment of Defense, as authorized in De-partment of Defense Instruction 1341.09, in-cluding the reimbursement limits and re-quirements set forth in such instruction. (c) Amounts made available for the pur-poses specified in subsection (a) of this sec-tion are subject to the requirements for funds contained in section 508 of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113). TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES AMERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monu-ments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign coun-tries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of national cemeteries and monu-ments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign countries; purchase (one-for-one replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $7,500 for official reception and representa-tion expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when re-quired by law of such countries, $75,100,000, to remain available until expended. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monu-ments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until ex-pended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  V
ETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the operation of the United States Court of Appeals for Vet-erans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $30,945,000: Provided, That $2,500,000 shall be available for the purpose of providing finan-cial assistance as described, and in accord-ance with the process and reporting proce-dures set forth, under this heading in Public Law 102–229. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL C
EMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for maintenance, operation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Air-men’s Home National Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor ve-hicles for replacement on a one-for-one basis only, and not to exceed $1,000 for official re-ception and representation expenses, $70,800,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. In addition, such sums as may be nec-essary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for Defense Agencies’’ account. A
RMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME 
TRUST FUND  For expenses necessary for the Armed Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home—Washington, District of Co-lumbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $22,000,000 shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. Funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Defense— Civil, Cemeterial Expenses, Army’’, may be provided to Arlington County, Virginia, for the relocation of the federally owned water main at Arlington National Cemetery, mak-ing additional land available for ground bur-ials. S
EC. 302. Amounts deposited into the spe-cial account established under 10 U.S.C. 4727 are appropriated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Military Cemeteries. TITLE IV OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $18,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for projects outside of the United States: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $59,809,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6056 September 22, 2016 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’ $88,291,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2021, for projects outside of the United States: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Defense-Wide’’, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for projects outside of the United States: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  S
EC. 401. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designa-tions to the Congress. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 502. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Federal entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or activity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of private property rights, or unfunded mandates. S
EC. 503. All departments and agencies funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authori-ties and funding, to expand their use of ‘‘E- Commerce’’ technologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. S
EC. 504. Unless stated otherwise, all re-ports and notifications required by this Act shall be submitted to the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies of the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate. S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. S
EC. 506. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for a project or pro-gram named for an individual serving as a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commis-sioner of the United States House of Rep-resentatives. S
EC. 507. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains confidential or pro-prietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. SEC. 508. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 509. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by an agency of the executive branch to pay for first-class travel by an employee of the agency in contraven-tion of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to execute a con-tract for goods or services, including con-struction services, where the contractor has not complied with Executive Order No. 12989. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to lease or purchase new light duty ve-hicles for any executive fleet, or for an agen-cy’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. S
EC. 512. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any indi-vidual detained at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, for the pur-poses of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this sub-section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. DIVISION B—ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support’’, $394,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, health condi-tions related to such virus, and other vector- borne diseases, domestically and inter-nationally: Provided, That products pur-chased with these funds may, at the discre-tion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic Na-tional Stockpile under section 319F–2 of the Public Health Service (‘‘PHS’’) Act: Provided further, That funds may be used for purchase and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries: Provided further, That the provisions in section 317S of the PHS Act shall apply to the use of funds appropriated in this paragraph as determined by the Di-rector of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to be appropriate: Provided fur-ther, That funds appropriated in this para-graph may be used for grants for the con-struction, alteration, or renovation of non- federally owned facilities to improve pre-paredness and response capability at State and local laboratories: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated in this para-graph, $44,000,000 is included to supplement either fiscal year 2016 or fiscal year 2017 funds for the Public Health Emergency Pre-paredness cooperative agreement program to restore fiscal year 2016 funds that were re-programmed for Zika virus response prior to the enactment of this Act: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Con-gress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases’’, $152,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for re-search on the virology, natural history, and pathogenesis of the Zika virus infection and preclinical and clinical development of vac-cines and other medical countermeasures for the Zika virus and other vector-borne dis-eases, domestically and internationally: Pro- vided, That such funds may be transferred by the Director of the National Institutes of Health (‘‘NIH’’) to other accounts of the NIH for the purposes provided in this paragraph: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES  
EMERGENCY FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, $387,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to pre-vent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vector-borne diseases, domestically and internationally; to develop necessary countermeasures and vaccines, including the development and purchase of vaccines, therapeutics, diagnostics, necessary medical supplies, and administrative activities; for carrying out section 501 of the Social Secu-rity Act; and for carrying out sections 330 through 336 and 338 of the PHS Act: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used to procure security counter-measures (as defined in section 319F– 2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act): Provided further, That paragraphs (1) and (7)(C) of subsection (c) of section 319F–2 of the PHS Act, but no other provisions of such section, shall apply to such security countermeasures procured with funds appropriated in this paragraph: Provided further, That products purchased with funds appropriated in this paragraph may, at the discretion of the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6057 September 22, 2016 
Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile under sec-tion 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph may be transferred to the fund authorized by section 319F–4 of the PHS Act: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $75,000,000, in addition to the purposes specified above, shall also be avail-able for necessary expenses for support to States, territories, tribes, or tribal organiza-tions with active or local transmission cases of the Zika virus, as confirmed by the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention, to reimburse the costs of health care for health conditions related to the Zika virus, other than costs that are covered by private health insurance, of which not less than $60,000,000 shall be for territories with the highest rates of Zika transmission: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $20,000,000 shall be awarded, notwithstanding section 502 of the Social Security Act, for projects of regional and national significance in Puerto Rico and other territories author-ized under section 501 of the Social Security Act: Provided further, That of the funds ap-propriated under this heading, $40,000,000 shall be used to expand the delivery of pri-mary health services authorized by section 330 of the PHS Act in Puerto Rico and other territories: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $6,000,000 shall, for purposes of providing pri-mary health services in areas affected by Zika virus or other vector-borne diseases, be used to assign National Health Service Corps (‘‘NHSC’’) members to Puerto Rico and other territories, notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations in or under sec-tions 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), or 333A(a) of the PHS Act, and to make NHSC Loan Repay-ment Program awards under section 338B of such Act: Provided further, That for purposes of the previous proviso, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term ‘‘primary health services’’ included health services regarding pediatric subspecialists: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
DIRECT HIRES  S
EC. 101. Funds appropriated by this title may be used by the heads of the Department of Health and Human Services, Department of State, and the United States Agency for International Development to appoint, with-out regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3319 of title 5 of the United States Code, candidates needed for positions to per-form critical work relating to Zika response for which— (1) public notice has been given; and (2) the Secretary of Health and Human Services has determined that such a public health threat exists. 
TRANSFER AUTHORITIES  S
EC. 102. Funds appropriated by this title may be transferred to, and merged with, other appropriation accounts under the headings ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’’, ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, and ‘‘National Institutes of Health’’ for the purposes speci-fied in this title following consultation with the Office of Management and Budget: Pro- vided, That the Committees on Appropria-tions shall be notified 10 days in advance of any such transfer: Provided further, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appropriation are not necessary, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to that appropriation: Provided further, That none of the funds made avail-able by this title may be transferred pursu-ant to the authority in section 205 of division H of Public Law 114–113 or section 241(a) of the PHS Act. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 103. Not later than 30 days after enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this title, including estimated personnel and administrative costs, to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such plans shall be updated and sub-mitted to the Committees on Appropriations every 60 days until September 30, 2017. 
OVERSIGHT  S
EC. 104. Of the funds appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, up to— (1) $500,000 shall be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available under the heading ‘‘Office of the Secretary, Office of Inspector General’’, and shall remain avail-able until expended, for oversight of activi-ties supported with funds appropriated by this title: Provided, That the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to obligating such funds: Provided fur-ther, That the transfer authority provided by this paragraph is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law; and (2) $500,000 shall be made available to the Comptroller General of the United States, and shall remain available until expended, for oversight of activities supported with funds appropriated by this title: Provided, That the Comptroller General shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to obligating such funds. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF STATE A
DMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams’’, $14,594,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vector-borne diseases: Pro- vided, That such funds may be made avail-able for medical evacuation costs of any other department or agency of the United States under Chief of Mission authority, and may be transferred to any other appropria-tion of such department or agency for such costs: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND  
CONSULAR SERVICE  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service’’, $4,000,000 for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vector-borne dis-eases, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. 
REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Repatriation Loans Program Ac-count’’ for the cost of direct loans, $1,000,000, to support response efforts related to the Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vector-borne diseases, to re-main available until September 30, 2017: Pro- vided, That such costs, including costs of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize an additional amount of gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $1,880,406: Pro- vided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Operating Expenses’’, $10,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response ef-forts related to the Zika virus, health condi-tions related to such virus, and other vector- borne diseases: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE F
UNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, $145,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to prevent, prepare for, and respond to the Zika virus, health conditions related to such virus, and other vector-borne diseases: Pro- vided, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be made available for vector control activities, vaccines, diagnostics, and vector control technologies: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available as contributions to the World Health Organization, the United Nations Children’s Fund, the Pan American Health Organization, the International Atomic Energy Agency, and the Food and Agriculture Organization: Provided further, That funds made available under this head-ing shall be subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds appro-priated under this heading may be made available for the Grand Challenges for Devel-opment program: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE 
TRANSFER AUTHORITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. (a) Funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service’’, ‘‘Repatri-ation Loans Program Account’’, and ‘‘Oper-ating Expenses’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this title under such headings to carry out the pur-poses of this title. (b) The transfer authorities provided by this section are in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. (c) Upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred pursuant to the au-thorities provided by this section are not necessary for such purposes, such amounts may be transferred back to such appropria-tions. (d) No funds shall be transferred pursuant to this section unless at least 5 days prior to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6058 September 22, 2016 
making such transfer the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate, notifies the Committees on Ap-propriations in writing of the details of any such transfer. 
NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 202. Funds appropriated by this title shall only be available for obligation if the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate, notifies the Committees on Appropriations in writing at least 15 days in advance of such obligation. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORTING REQUIREMENT  S
EC. 203. Not later than 30 days after enact-ment of this Act and prior to the initial obli-gation of funds made available by this title, the Secretary of State and the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development shall submit a con-solidated report to the Committees on Ap-propriations on the anticipated uses of such funds on a country and project basis, includ-ing estimated personnel and administrative costs: Provided, That such report shall be up-dated and submitted to the Committees on Appropriations every 60 days until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
OVERSIGHT  S
EC. 204. Of the funds appropriated by this title, up to— (1) $500,000 shall be transferred to, and merged with, funds available under the head-ing ‘‘United States Agency for International Development, Funds Appropriated to the President, Office of Inspector General’’, and shall remain available until expended, for oversight of activities supported with funds appropriated by this title: Provided, That the transfer authority provided by this para-graph is in addition to any other transfer au-thority provided by law; and (2) $500,000 shall be made available to the Comptroller General of the United States, and shall remain available until expended, for oversight of activities supported with funds appropriated by this title: Provided, That the Secretary of State and the Comp-troller General, as appropriate, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to obligating such funds. TITLE III GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS DIVISION 
EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES AND PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. Unless otherwise provided for by this division, the additional amounts appro-priated pursuant to this division are subject to the requirements for funds contained in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113). 
PERSONAL SERVICE CONTRACTORS  S
EC. 302. Funds made available by this di-vision may be used to enter into contracts with individuals for the provision of personal services (as described in section 104 of part 37 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (48 CFR 37.104)) to support the purposes of titles I and II of this division, within the United States and abroad, subject to prior consulta-tion with, and the notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such individuals may not be deemed employees of the United States for the pur-pose of any law administered by the Office of Personnel Management: Provided further, That the authority made available pursuant to this section shall expire on September 30, 2017. 
DESIGNATION RETENTION  S
EC. 303. Any amount appropriated by this division, designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and subsequently so designated by the President, and transferred pursuant to transfer authori-ties provided by this division shall retain such designation. EFFECTIVE DATE  S
EC. 304. This division shall become effec-tive immediately upon enactment of this Act. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Zika Response and Preparedness Appropriations Act, 2016’’. DIVISION C—CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The following sums are hereby appro-priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and out of appli-cable corporate or other revenues, receipts, and funds, for the several departments, agen-cies, corporations, and other organizational units of Government for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes, namely: S
EC. 101. (a) Such amounts as may be nec-essary, at a rate for operations as provided in the applicable appropriations Acts for fis-cal year 2016 and under the authority and conditions provided in such Acts, for con-tinuing projects or activities (including the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees) that are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Act, that were conducted in fiscal year 2016, and for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were made avail-able in the following appropriations Acts: (1) The Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (division A of Public Law 114–113), except section 728. (2) The Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–113). (3) The Department of Defense Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (division C of Public Law 114– 113). (4) The Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (division D of Public Law 114–113). (5) The Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2016 (divi-sion E of Public Law 114–113), which for pur-poses of this Act shall be treated as includ-ing section 707 of division O of Public Law 114–113. (6) The Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2016 (division F of Public Law 114–113). (7) The Department of the Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (division G of Public Law 114– 113). (8) The Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (division H of Public Law 114–113). (9) The Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2016 (division I of Public Law 114–113). (10) The Department of State, Foreign Op-erations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (division K of Public Law 114– 113), except title IX. (11) The Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (division L of Public Law 114–113), except section 420. (b) The rate for operations provided by sub-section (a) is hereby reduced by 0.496 percent. S
EC. 102. (a) No appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursu-ant to section 101 for the Department of De-fense shall be used for: (1) the new produc-tion of items not funded for production in fiscal year 2016 or prior years; (2) the in-crease in production rates above those sus-tained with fiscal year 2016 funds; or (3) the initiation, resumption, or continuation of any project, activity, operation, or organiza-tion (defined as any project, subproject, ac-tivity, budget activity, program element, and subprogram within a program element, and for any investment items defined as a P– 1 line item in a budget activity within an ap-propriation account and an R–1 line item that includes a program element and subpro-gram element within an appropriation ac-count) for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were not available during fiscal year 2016. (b) No appropriation or funds made avail-able or authority granted pursuant to sec-tion 101 for the Department of Defense shall be used to initiate multi-year procurements utilizing advance procurement funding for economic order quantity procurement unless specifically appropriated later. SEC. 103. Appropriations made by section 101 shall be available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by the perti-nent appropriations Act. S
EC. 104. Except as otherwise provided in section 102, no appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursuant to section 101 shall be used to initiate or re-sume any project or activity for which ap-propriations, funds, or other authority were not available during fiscal year 2016. S
EC. 105. Appropriations made and author-ity granted pursuant to this Act shall cover all obligations or expenditures incurred for any project or activity during the period for which funds or authority for such project or activity are available under this Act. S
EC. 106. Unless otherwise provided for in this Act or in the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017, appropriations and funds made available and authority granted pursuant to this Act shall be available until whichever of the following first occurs: (1) the enactment into law of an appropriation for any project or activity provided for in this Act; (2) the enactment into law of the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017 without any provision for such project or activity; or (3) December 9, 2016. S
EC. 107. Expenditures made pursuant to this Act shall be charged to the applicable appropriation, fund, or authorization when-ever a bill in which such applicable appro-priation, fund, or authorization is contained is enacted into law. S
EC. 108. Appropriations made and funds made available by or authority granted pur-suant to this Act may be used without re-gard to the time limitations for submission and approval of apportionments set forth in section 1513 of title 31, United States Code, but nothing in this Act may be construed to waive any other provision of law governing the apportionment of funds. S
EC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, except section 106, for those programs that would otherwise have high initial rates of operation or complete dis-tribution of appropriations at the beginning of fiscal year 2017 because of distributions of funding to States, foreign countries, grant-ees, or others, such high initial rates of oper-ation or complete distribution shall not be made, and no grants shall be awarded for such programs funded by this Act that would impinge on final funding prerogatives. S
EC. 110. This Act shall be implemented so that only the most limited funding action of that permitted in the Act shall be taken in order to provide for continuation of projects and activities. S
EC. 111. (a) For entitlements and other mandatory payments whose budget author-ity was provided in appropriations Acts for fiscal year 2016, and for activities under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008, activities shall be continued at the rate to maintain program levels under current law, under the authority and conditions provided in the ap-plicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016, to be continued through the date speci-fied in section 106(3). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6059 September 22, 2016 
(b) Notwithstanding section 106, obliga-tions for mandatory payments due on or about the first day of any month that begins after October 2016 but not later than 30 days after the date specified in section 106(3) may continue to be made, and funds shall be available for such payments. S
EC. 112. Amounts made available under section 101 for civilian personnel compensa-tion and benefits in each department and agency may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to avoid furloughs within such department or agency, con-sistent with the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016, except that such au-thority provided under this section shall not be used until after the department or agency has taken all necessary actions to reduce or defer non-personnel-related administrative expenses. S
EC. 113. Funds appropriated by this Act may be obligated and expended notwith-standing section 10 of Public Law 91–672 (22 U.S.C. 2412), section 15 of the State Depart-ment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2680), section 313 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 (22 U.S.C. 6212), and section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1)). S
EC. 114. (a) Each amount incorporated by reference in this Act that was previously designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of such Act or as being for disaster relief pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act, re-spectively. (b) The reduction in section 101(b) of this Act shall not apply to— (1) amounts designated under subsection (a) of this section; (2) amounts made available by section 101(a) by reference to the second paragraph under the heading ‘‘Social Security Adminis-tration—Limitation on Administrative Ex-penses’’ in division H of Public Law 114–113; or (3) amounts made available by section 101(a) by reference to the paragraph under the heading ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services—Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Account’’ in division H of Public Law 114–113. (c) Section 6 of Public Law 114–113 shall apply to amounts designated in subsection (a) for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism. S
EC. 115. During the period covered by this Act, discretionary amounts appropriated for fiscal year 2017 that were provided in ad-vance by appropriations Acts covered by sec-tion 101 of this Act shall be available in the amounts provided in such Acts, reduced by the percentage in section 101(b). S
EC. 116. (a) In addition to the amounts otherwise provided by section 101, and not-withstanding section 104, an additional amount is provided to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out the authorizations in the Comprehensive Addic-tion and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198), at a rate for operations of $17,000,000. (b) In addition to the amounts otherwise provided by section 101, and notwithstanding section 104, an additional amount is provided to the Attorney General to carry out the au-thorizations in the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114– 198), at a rate for operations of $20,000,000. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, in addition to the purposes other-wise provided for amounts that become available on October 1, 2016, under the head-ing ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Vet-erans Health Administration—Medical Serv-ices’’ in division J of Public Law 114–113, such amounts shall be used to implement the Jason Simcakoski Memorial and Promise Act (title IX of Public Law 114–198) and the amendments made by that Act. SEC. 117. Notwithstanding section 101, amounts are provided for ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Domestic Food Programs— Food and Nutrition Service—Commodity As-sistance Program’’ at a rate for operations of $310,139,000, of which $236,120,000 shall be for the Commodity Supplemental Food Pro-gram. S
EC. 118. Amounts provided by section 111 to the Department of Agriculture for ‘‘Cor-porations—Commodity Credit Corporation Fund—Reimbursement for Net Realized Losses’’ may be used, prior to the completion of the report described in section 2 of the Act of August 17, 1961 (15 U.S.C. 713a–11), to reim-burse the Commodity Credit Corporation for net realized losses sustained, but not pre-viously reimbursed, as reflected in the June 2016 report of its financial condition. S
EC. 119. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Agriculture— Rural Housing Service—Rental Assistance Program’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to pay ongoing debt service for the multi-family direct loan pro-grams under sections 514 and 515 of the Hous-ing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1484 and 1485). S
EC. 120. Section 529(b)(5) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff(b)(5)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2016’’. S
EC. 121. Notwithstanding sections 101 and 102, within amounts provided for ‘‘Depart-ment of Defense—Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-Wide’’ and ‘‘Department of Defense—Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’, except for amounts designated for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the Secretary of Defense may de-velop, replace, and sustain Federal Govern-ment security and suitability background in-vestigation information technology system requirements of the Office of Personnel Man-agement at a rate for operations of $95,000,000. S
EC. 122. Section 1215(f)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), as most recently amended by section 1221 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘‘2017’’ for ‘‘2016’’ through the earlier of the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense. S
EC. 123. (a) Funds made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Uranium Enrichment Decon-tamination and Decommissioning Fund’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for oper-ations necessary to avoid disruption of con-tinuing projects or activities funded in this appropriation. (b) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 3 days after each use of the au-thority provided in subsection (a). S
EC. 124. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, except section 106, the District of Columbia may expend local funds under the heading ‘‘District of Columbia Funds’’ for such programs and activities under the District of Columbia Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (title IV of division E of Pub-lic Law 114–113) at the rate set forth under ‘‘Part A—Summary of Expenses’’ as included in the Fiscal Year 2017 Local Budget Act of 2016 (D.C. Act 21–414), as modified as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) During the period in which this Act is in effect, the authority and conditions pro-vided in the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2016 (divi-sion E of Public Law 114–113) which were ap-plicable to the obligation or expenditure of funds by the District of Columbia for any program, project, or activity during fiscal year 2016 shall apply to the obligation or ex-penditure of funds by the District of Colum-bia with respect to such program, project, or activity under any authority. SEC. 125. (a) Notwithstanding section 101, amounts are provided for ‘‘General Services Administration—Expenses, Presidential Transition’’ for necessary expenses to carry out the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), at a rate for operations of $9,500,000, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 is for activities authorized by sections 3(a)(8) and 3(a)(9) of such Act: Provided, That such amounts may be transferred and credited to the ‘‘Acquisition Services Fund’’ or ‘‘Federal Buildings Fund’’ to reimburse obligations in-curred prior to enactment of this Act for the purposes provided herein related to the Pres-idential election in 2016: Provided further, That amounts available under this section shall be in addition to any other amounts available for such purposes. (b) Notwithstanding section 101, no funds are provided by this Act for ‘‘General Serv-ices Administration—Pre-Election Presi-dential Transition’’. S
EC. 126. Notwithstanding section 101, for expenses of the Office of Administration to carry out the Presidential Transition Act of 1963, as amended, and similar expenses, in addition to amounts otherwise appropriated by law, amounts are provided to ‘‘Presi-dential Transition Administrative Support’’ at a rate for operations of $7,582,000: Pro- vided, That such funds may be transferred to other accounts that provide funding for of-fices within the Executive Office of the President and the Office of the Vice Presi-dent in this Act or any other Act, to carry out such purposes. S
EC. 127. In addition to the amounts other-wise provided by section 101, an additional amount is provided for ‘‘District of Colum-bia—Federal Payment for Emergency Plan-ning and Security Costs in the District of Columbia’’ for costs associated with the Presidential Inauguration, at a rate for oper-ations of $19,995,000. S
EC. 128. In addition to the amounts other-wise provided by section 101, an additional amount is provided for ‘‘National Archives and Records Administration—Operating Ex-penses’’ to carry out the Presidential transi-tion responsibilities of the Archivist of the United States under sections 2201 through 2207 of title 44, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘‘Presidential Records Act of 1978’’), at a rate for operations of $4,850,000. S
EC. 129. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘‘Small Business Administra-tion—Business Loans Program Account’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for oper-ations necessary to accommodate increased demand for commitments for general busi-ness loans authorized under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)). S
EC. 130. Amounts provided by section 101 for the Department of Homeland Security may be obligated in the account and budget structure set forth in the table provided by the Chief Financial Officer of the Depart-ment to the Committees on Appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6060 September 22, 2016 
of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives prior to the end of fiscal year 2016 pur-suant to section 563(e) of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2016 (division F of Public Law 114–113). S
EC. 131. (a) Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Homeland Se-curity—U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion—Operations and Support’’ may be ap-portioned up to the rate for operations nec-essary to maintain not less than the number of staff achieved on September 30, 2016. (b) Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Homeland Security— Transportation Security Administration— Operations and Support’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain not less than the number of screen-ers achieved on September 30, 2016. S
EC. 132. The authority provided by section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act. S
EC. 133. Section 810 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. S
EC. 134. (a) The authority provided by sub-section (m)(3) of section 8162 of the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2000 (40 U.S.C. 8903 note; Public Law 106–79) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act. (b) Section 419(b) of division G of Public Law 114–113 shall not apply during the period covered by this Act. S
EC. 135. Notwithstanding section 101, sub-section 35(d) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191(d)) shall be applied, at a rate for operations, through the date specified in sec-tion 106(3), as if the following new paragraph were added at the end— ‘‘(5) There is appropriated to the Fee Ac-count established in subsection (c)(3)(B)(ii) of this section, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $26,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until expended, for the coordina-tion and processing of oil and gas use author-izations, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Bureau and transferred to such Fee Account pursuant to subsection (d)(3)(A)(ii) of this section, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0.’’. S
EC. 136. In addition to the amounts other-wise provided by section 101, an additional amount is provided for ‘‘Department of the Interior—National Park Service—Operation of the National Park System’’ for security and visitor safety activities related to the Presidential Inaugural Ceremonies, at a rate for operations of $4,200,000. S
EC. 137. In addition to amounts otherwise made available by section 101, and notwith-standing section 104, amounts are provided for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—En-vironmental Programs and Management’’ at a rate for operations of $3,000,000, to remain available until expended, and such amounts may be apportioned up to the rate for oper-ations needed, for necessary expenses of ac-tivities described in section 26(b)(1) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2625(b)(1)): Provided, That fees collected pur-suant to such section of such Act and depos-ited in the ‘‘TSCA Service Fee Fund’’ as dis-cretionary offsetting receipts in fiscal year 2017 shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses under the above head-ing and shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That the sum pro-vided by this section of this Act from the general fund for fiscal year 2017 shall be re-duced by the amount of discretionary offset-ting receipts received during fiscal year 2017, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 ap-propriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That to the extent that amounts realized from such receipts exceed $3,000,000, those amounts in excess of $3,000,000 shall be deposited in the ‘‘TSCA Service Fee Fund’’ as discretionary offsetting receipts in fiscal year 2017, shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading by section 101, the Chemical Risk Review and Reduction program project shall be allocated for this fiscal year, excluding the amount of any fees made available, not less than the amount of appropriations for that program project for fiscal year 2014. SEC. 138. Section 114(f) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1011c(f)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2016’’. S
EC. 139. The first proviso under the head-ing ‘‘Department of Health and Human Serv-ices—Administration for Children and Fami-lies—Payments to States for the Child Care and Development Block Grant’’ in title II of division H of Public Law 114–113 shall not apply during the period covered by this Act. S
EC. 140. (a) The second proviso under the heading ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Administration for Children and Families—Children and Families Services Programs’’ in title II of division H of Public Law 114–113 shall be applied during the pe-riod covered by this Act as if the following were struck from such proviso: ‘‘, of which $141,000,000 shall be available for a cost of liv-ing adjustment notwithstanding section 640(a)(3)(A) of such Act’’. (b) Amounts made available in the third proviso under the heading ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Administration for Children and Families—Children and Families Services Programs’’ in title II of di-vision H of Public Law 114–113 shall not be included in the calculation of the ‘‘base grant’’, as such term is used in section 640(a)(7)(A) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9835(a)(7)(A)), during the period described in section 106 of this Act. S
EC. 141. (a) Section 529 of division H of Public Law 114–113 shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘‘in the Child Enrollment Contin-gency Fund from the appropriation to the Fund for the first semi-annual allotment pe-riod for fiscal year 2017 under section 2104(n)(2)(A)(ii) of the Social Security Act’’ for ‘‘or available in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund from appropriations to the Fund under section 2104(n)(2)(A)(i) of the Social Security Act’’; and (b) Section 530 of division H of Public Law 114–113 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$541,900,000’’ for ‘‘$4,678,500,000’’ and by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘and of the funds made available for the purposes of car-rying out section 2105(a)(3) of the Social Se-curity Act, $5,669,100,000 are hereby re-scinded’’. S
EC. 142. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, there is appropriated for payment to Sami A. Takai, widow of Kyle Mark Takai, late a Representative from the State of Hawaii, $174,000. S
EC. 143. (a) Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Transpor-tation—Federal Railroad Administration— Operating Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’’ and ‘‘Department of Transportation—Federal Railroad Adminis-tration—Capital and Debt Service Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corpora-tion’’ shall be obligated in the account and budget structure, and under the authorities and conditions, set forth for ‘‘Department of Transportation—Federal Railroad Adminis-tration—Northeast Corridor Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’’ and ‘‘Department of Transportation—Fed-eral Railroad Administration—National Net-work Grants to the National Railroad Pas-senger Corporation’’ in H.R. 5394 and S. 2844, as introduced in the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress. (b) Amounts made available pursuant to subsection (a) are provided for ‘‘Department of Transportation—Federal Railroad Admin-istration—Northeast Corridor Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’’ at a rate for operations of $235,000,000, to re-main available until expended, and for ‘‘De-partment of Transportation—Federal Rail-road Administration—National Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’’ at a rate for operations of $1,155,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. SEC. 144. Amounts made available by sec-tion 101 for ‘‘Maritime Administration—Mar-itime Security Program’’ shall be allocated at an annual rate across all vessels covered by operating agreements, as that term is used in chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, and the Secretary shall distribute equally all such funds for payments due under all operating agreements in equal amounts notwithstanding title 46, United States Code, section 53106: Provided, That no payment shall exceed an annual rate of $3,500,000 per operating agreement. S
EC. 145. (a) In addition to the amount oth-erwise provided by section 101 for the ‘‘Com-munity Planning and Development, Commu-nity Development Fund’’, there is appro-priated $500,000,000 for an additional amount for fiscal year 2016, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses for activi-ties authorized under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) related to disaster relief, long-term recovery, restoration of infra-structure and housing, and economic revital-ization in the most impacted and distressed areas resulting from a major disaster de-clared in 2016, and which the disaster oc-curred prior to the date of enactment of this Act, pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided, That funds shall be awarded directly to the State or unit of general local government at the dis-cretion of the Secretary: Provided further, That as a condition of making any grant, the Secretary shall certify in advance that such grantee has in place proficient financial con-trols and procurement processes and has es-tablished adequate procedures to prevent any duplication of benefits as defined by sec-tion 312 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5155), to ensure timely expenditure of funds, to maintain comprehensive websites regarding all disaster recovery activities as-sisted with these funds, and to detect and prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds: Pro- vided further, That prior to the obligation of funds a grantee shall submit a plan to the Secretary for approval detailing the pro-posed use of all funds, including criteria for eligibility and how the use of these funds will address long-term recovery and restora-tion of infrastructure and housing and eco-nomic revitalization in the most impacted and distressed areas: Provided further, That such funds may not be used for activities re-imbursable by, or for which funds are made available by, the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency or the Army Corps of Engi-neers: Provided further, That funds allocated under this heading shall not be considered relevant to the non-disaster formula alloca-tions made pursuant to section 106 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5306): Provided further, That a State or subdivision thereof may use up to 5 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6061 September 22, 2016 
percent of its allocation for administrative costs: Provided further, That in administering the funds under this heading, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may waive, or specify alternative requirements for, any provision of any statute or regula-tion that the Secretary administers in con-nection with the obligation by the Secretary or the use by the recipient of these funds (ex-cept for requirements related to fair housing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, and the environment), if the Secretary finds that good cause exists for the waiver or alter-native requirement and such waiver or alter-native requirement would not be incon-sistent with the overall purpose of title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974: Provided further, That, notwith-standing the preceding proviso, recipients of funds provided under this heading that use such funds to supplement Federal assistance provided under section 402, 403, 404, 406, 407, or 502 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Re-lief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) may adopt, without review or public comment, any environmental review, approval, or permit performed by a Federal agency, and such adoption shall satisfy the responsibilities of the recipient with respect to such environmental review, approval or permit: Provided further, That, notwith-standing section 104(g)(2) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5304(g)(2)), the Secretary may, upon receipt of a request for release of funds and certification, immediately approve the re-lease of funds for an activity or project as-sisted under this heading if the recipient has adopted an environmental review, approval or permit under the preceding proviso or the activity or project is categorically excluded from review under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.): Provided further, That the Secretary shall publish via notice in the Federal Reg-ister any waiver, or alternative requirement, to any statute or regulation that the Sec-retary administers pursuant to title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 no later than 5 days before the effective date of such waiver or alternative require-ment: Provided further, That amounts pro-vided under this section shall be designated by Congress as being for disaster relief pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (b) Unobligated balances, including recap-tures and carryover, remaining from funds appropriated to the Department of Housing and Urban Development for administrative costs of the Office of Community Planning and Development associated with funds ap-propriated to the Department for specific disaster relief and related purposes and des-ignated by Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to a Concurrent Resolu-tion on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act, includ-ing information technology costs and costs for administering and overseeing such spe-cific disaster related funds, shall be trans-ferred to the Program Office Salaries and Expenses, Community Planning and Develop-ment account for the Department, shall re-main available until expended, and may be used for such administrative costs for admin-istering any funds appropriated to the De-partment for any disaster relief and related purposes in any prior or future act, notwith-standing the purposes for which such funds were appropriated: Provided, That the amounts transferred pursuant to this section that were previously designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and shall be transferred only if the President subsequently so designates the entire trans-fer and transmits such designation to the Congress. (c) This section shall become effective im-mediately upon enactment of this Act. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2017’’. DIVISION D—RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS S
EC. 101. (a) Of the unobligated balances available from prior year appropriations under the heading ‘‘Department of Com-merce, Economic Development Administra-tion, Economic Development Assistance Pro-grams’’ designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Con-current Resolution on the Budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, $10,000,000 is rescinded imme-diately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (b) Of the unobligated balances available from amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Department of Commerce, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, Oper-ations, Research, and Facilities’’ in title II of Public Law 111–212 for responding to eco-nomic impacts of fisherman and fishery de-pendent businesses, $13,000,000 is rescinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (c) Of the unobligated balances available from amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Department of Homeland Security, Office of the Secretary and Executive Manage-ment’’ in Public Law 109–148, $279,045 is re-scinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. (d) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, Salaries and Expenses’’ from emer-gency funds in Public Law 107–206 and earlier laws transferred to the Department of Home-land Security when it was created in 2003, $39,246 is rescinded immediately upon enact-ment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (e) Of the unobligated balances available from amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard, Acquisition, Construc-tion, and Improvements’’ in Public Law 110– 329, Public Law 109–148 and Public Law 109– 234, $48,075,920 is rescinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (f) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Homeland Security, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Administrative and Regional Oper-ations’’ in Public Law 109–234, $731,790 is re-scinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. (g) Of the unobligated amounts made avail-able under section 1323(c)(1) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18043(c)(1)), $168,100,000 is rescinded immediately upon enactment of this Act. (h) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), $7,522,000 is rescinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (i) Of the unobligated balances of appro-priations made available under the heading ‘‘Bilateral Economic Assistance, Funds Ap-propriated to the President’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113– 235), $109,478,000 is rescinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (j) Of the unobligated balances available from amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation Administration, Facilities and Equipment’’ in Public Law 109–148, $4,384,920 is rescinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (k) Of the unobligated balances available from amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation Administration, Facilities and Equipment’’ in Public Law 102–368, $990,277 is rescinded immediately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (l) Of the unobligated balances available to the Department of Transportation from amounts provided under section 108 of Public Law 101–130, $37,400,000 is rescinded imme-diately upon enactment of this Act: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
SA 5083. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5082 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
OCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end add the following: This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment. 
SA 5084. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5083 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 5082 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.048 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6062 September 22, 2016 
SA 5085. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legisla-tive Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
At the end add the following: This Act shall take effect 3 days after the date of enactment. 
SA 5086. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5085 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’. 
SA 5087. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legisla-tive Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
At the end add the following: This Act shall take effect 5 days after the date of enactment. 
SA 5088. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5087 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘5’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
SA 5089. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 5088 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 5087 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 5325, mak-ing appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘6’’ and insert ‘‘7’’. 
SA 5090. Mr. COATS (for Mr. S AND-
ERS) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1878, to extend the pediatric pri-ority review voucher program; as fol-lows: 
On page 7, strike lines 7 through 17 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(5) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary may not award any priority review vouchers under paragraph (1) after December 31, 2016.’’; and 
SA 5091. Mr. COATS (for Ms. H IRONO ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2683, to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion; as follows: 
On page 2, line 11, strike ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and insert ‘‘paragraph (4) of this subsection’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 22, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 22, 2016, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 22, 2016. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 22, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring Current Practices in Cos-metic Development and Safety.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 22, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring a Right to Try for Terminally Ill Pa-tients.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 22, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON HOUSING , TRANSPORTATION , 
AND COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Hous-ing, Transportation, and Community Development be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 22, 2016, at 10 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the HUD Inspection Process.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 22, 2016, at 3 p.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Continued Re-view of Agency Regulatory Guidance, Part III.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADVANCING HOPE ACT OF 2015 Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 415, S. 1878. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1878) to extend the pediatric pri-ority review voucher program. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Advancing Hope Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF PROGRAM FOR PRIORITY REVIEW TO ENCOURAGE TREATMENTS FOR RARE PEDIATRIC DISEASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 529 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by amending subpara-graph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) The disease is a serious or life-threat-ening disease in which the serious or life-threat-ening manifestations primarily affect individ-uals aged from birth to 18 years, including age groups often called neonates, infants, children, and adolescents.’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)(F), by striking ‘‘Prescrip-tion Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Advancing Hope Act of 2016’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) S
PONSOR OF A RARE PEDIATRIC DISEASE  
PRODUCT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of the Ad-vancing Hope Act of 2016, the sponsor of a rare pediatric disease product application that in-tends to request a priority review voucher under this section shall notify the Secretary of such intent upon submission of the rare pediatric dis-ease product application that is the basis of the request for a priority review voucher. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICATIONS SUBMITTED BUT NOT YET  
APPROVED .—The sponsor of a rare pediatric dis-ease product application that was submitted and that has not been approved as of the date of enactment of the Advancing Hope Act of 2016 shall be considered eligible for a priority review voucher, if— ‘‘(I) such sponsor has submitted such rare pe-diatric disease product application— ‘‘(aa) on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of the Prescription Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012; and ‘‘(bb) on or before the date of enactment of the Advancing Hope Act of 2016; and ‘‘(II) such application otherwise meets the cri-teria for a priority review voucher under this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.052 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6063 September 22, 2016 
‘‘(B) S PONSOR OF A DRUG APPLICATION USING A  
PRIORITY REVIEW VOUCHER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The sponsor of a human drug application shall notify the Secretary not later than 90 days prior to submission of the human drug application that is the subject of a priority review voucher of an intent to submit the human drug application, including the date on which the sponsor intends to submit the ap-plication. Such notification shall be a legally binding commitment to pay the user fee to be as-sessed in accordance with this section. ‘‘(ii) T
RANSFER AFTER NOTICE .—The sponsor of a human drug application that provides notifi-cation of the intent of such sponsor to use the voucher for the human drug application under clause (i) may transfer the voucher after such notification is provided, if such sponsor has not yet submitted the human drug application de-scribed in the notification.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary may not award any priority review vouchers under paragraph (1) after September 30, 2022, unless the rare pediatric disease prod-uct application— ‘‘(A) is for a drug that, not later than Sep-tember 30, 2022, is designated under subsection (d) as a drug for a rare pediatric disease; and ‘‘(B) is, not later than September 30, 2027, ap-proved under section 505(b)(1) of this Act or sec-tion 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act.’’; and (3) in subsection (g), by inserting before the period ‘‘, except that no sponsor of a rare pedi-atric disease product application may receive more than one priority review voucher issued under any section of this Act with respect to the drug for which the application is made.’’ (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, shall be construed to affect the validity of a priority review voucher that was issued under section 529 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff) before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. GAO REPORT. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the ef-fectiveness of awarding priority review vouchers under section 529 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff) in providing incentives for the development of drugs that treat or prevent rare pediatric diseases (as de-fined in subsection (a)(3) of such section) that would not otherwise have been developed. In conducting such study, the Comptroller General shall examine the following: (1) The indications for which each drug for which a priority review voucher was awarded under such section 529 was approved under sec-tion 505(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(b)(1)) or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(a)). (2) Whether the priority review voucher im-pacted sponsors’ decisions to invest in devel-oping a drug to treat or prevent a rare pediatric disease. (3) An analysis of the drugs for which such priority review vouchers were used, which shall include— (A) the indications for which such drugs were approved under section 505(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(b)(1)) or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(a)); (B) whether unmet medical needs were ad-dressed through the approval of such drugs, in-cluding, for each such drug— (i) if an alternative therapy was previously available to treat the indication; and (ii) if the drug provided a benefit or advan-tage over another available therapy; (C) the number of patients potentially treated by such drugs; (D) the value of the priority review voucher if transferred; and (E) the length of time between the date on which a priority review voucher was awarded and the date on which it was used. (4) With respect to the priority review voucher program under section 529 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff)— (A) the resources used by the Food and Drug Administration in implementing such program, including the effect of such program on the Food and Drug Administration’s review of drugs for which a priority review voucher was not awarded or used; (B) the impact of the program on the public health as a result of the review and approval of drugs that received a priority review voucher and products that were the subject of a re-deemed priority review voucher; and (C) alternative approaches to improving such program so that the program is appropriately targeted toward providing incentives for the de-velopment of clinically important drugs that— (i) prevent or treat rare pediatric diseases; and (ii) would likely not otherwise have been de-veloped to prevent or treat such diseases. (b) REPORT .—Not later than January 31, 2022, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report containing the results of the study of conducted under sub-section (a). 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sanders amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to; the committee-reported sub-stitute amendment, as amended, be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5090) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) On page 7, strike lines 7 through 17 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(5) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary may not award any priority review vouchers under paragraph (1) after December 31, 2016.’’; and 
The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, was agreed to. The bill (S. 1878), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1878 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Advancing Hope Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF PROGRAM FOR PRIORITY REVIEW TO ENCOURAGE TREATMENTS FOR RARE PEDIATRIC DISEASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 529 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by amending subpara-graph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) The disease is a serious or life-threat-ening disease in which the serious or life- threatening manifestations primarily affect individuals aged from birth to 18 years, in-cluding age groups often called neonates, in-fants, children, and adolescents.’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)(F), by striking ‘‘Pre-scription Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Advancing Hope Act of 2016’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) NOTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) S
PONSOR OF A RARE PEDIATRIC DISEASE  
PRODUCT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of the Advancing Hope Act of 2016, the sponsor of a rare pediatric disease product applica-tion that intends to request a priority review voucher under this section shall notify the Secretary of such intent upon submission of the rare pediatric disease product applica-tion that is the basis of the request for a pri-ority review voucher. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICATIONS SUBMITTED BUT NOT YET  
APPROVED .—The sponsor of a rare pediatric disease product application that was sub-mitted and that has not been approved as of the date of enactment of the Advancing Hope Act of 2016 shall be considered eligible for a priority review voucher, if— ‘‘(I) such sponsor has submitted such rare pediatric disease product application— ‘‘(aa) on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of the Prescrip-tion Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012; and ‘‘(bb) on or before the date of enactment of the Advancing Hope Act of 2016; and ‘‘(II) such application otherwise meets the criteria for a priority review voucher under this section. ‘‘(B) S
PONSOR OF A DRUG APPLICATION USING  
A PRIORITY REVIEW VOUCHER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The sponsor of a human drug application shall notify the Secretary not later than 90 days prior to submission of the human drug application that is the sub-ject of a priority review voucher of an intent to submit the human drug application, in-cluding the date on which the sponsor in-tends to submit the application. Such notifi-cation shall be a legally binding commit-ment to pay the user fee to be assessed in ac-cordance with this section. ‘‘(ii) T
RANSFER AFTER NOTICE .—The sponsor of a human drug application that provides notification of the intent of such sponsor to use the voucher for the human drug applica-tion under clause (i) may transfer the vouch-er after such notification is provided, if such sponsor has not yet submitted the human drug application described in the notifica-tion.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary may not award any priority review vouchers under paragraph (1) after December 31, 2016.’’; and (3) in subsection (g), by inserting before the period ‘‘, except that no sponsor of a rare pediatric disease product application may re-ceive more than one priority review voucher issued under any section of this Act with re-spect to the drug for which the application is made.’’ (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, shall be construed to affect the validity of a priority review voucher that was issued under section 529 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff) before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. GAO REPORT. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the effectiveness of awarding priority review vouchers under section 529 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff) in providing incentives for the develop-ment of drugs that treat or prevent rare pe-diatric diseases (as defined in subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.021 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6064 September 22, 2016 
(a)(3) of such section) that would not other-wise have been developed. In conducting such study, the Comptroller General shall exam-ine the following: (1) The indications for which each drug for which a priority review voucher was awarded under such section 529 was approved under section 505(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(b)(1)) or sec-tion 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(a)). (2) Whether the priority review voucher impacted sponsors’ decisions to invest in de-veloping a drug to treat or prevent a rare pe-diatric disease. (3) An analysis of the drugs for which such priority review vouchers were used, which shall include— (A) the indications for which such drugs were approved under section 505(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(b)(1)) or section 351(a) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(a)); (B) whether unmet medical needs were ad-dressed through the approval of such drugs, including, for each such drug— (i) if an alternative therapy was previously available to treat the indication; and (ii) if the drug provided a benefit or advan-tage over another available therapy; (C) the number of patients potentially treated by such drugs; (D) the value of the priority review vouch-er if transferred; and (E) the length of time between the date on which a priority review voucher was awarded and the date on which it was used. (4) With respect to the priority review voucher program under section 529 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff)— (A) the resources used by the Food and Drug Administration in implementing such program, including the effect of such pro-gram on the Food and Drug Administration’s review of drugs for which a priority review voucher was not awarded or used; (B) the impact of the program on the pub-lic health as a result of the review and ap-proval of drugs that received a priority re-view voucher and products that were the subject of a redeemed priority review vouch-er; and (C) alternative approaches to improving such program so that the program is appro-priately targeted toward providing incen-tives for the development of clinically im-portant drugs that— (i) prevent or treat rare pediatric diseases; and (ii) would likely not otherwise have been developed to prevent or treat such diseases. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 31, 2022, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report containing the results of the study of conducted under subsection (a). f 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRA-TION VETERAN TRANSITION IM-PROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Commerce Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 2683 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2683) to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I further ask that the Hirono amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5091) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) On page 2, line 11, strike ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and insert ‘‘paragraph (4) of this subsection’’. 
The bill (S. 2683), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2683 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Aviation Administration Veteran Transition Improvement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. INCLUSION OF DISABLED VETERAN LEAVE IN FEDERAL AVIATION AD-MINISTRATION PERSONNEL MAN-AGEMENT SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 40122(g)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (I)(iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) subject to paragraph (4) of this sub-section, section 6329, relating to disabled vet-eran leave.’’. (b) C
ERTIFICATION OF LEAVE .—Section 40122(g) of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) C
ERTIFICATION OF DISABLED VETERAN  
LEAVE .—In order to verify that leave cred-ited to an employee pursuant to paragraph (2)(J) is used for treating a service-connected disability, that employee shall, notwith-standing section 6329(c) of title 5, submit to the Assistant Administrator for Human Re-source Management of the Federal Aviation Administration certification, in such form and manner as the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration may prescribe, that the employee used that leave for pur-poses of being furnished treatment for that disability by a health care provider.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to any employee of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration hired on or after the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall prescribe poli-cies and procedures to carry out the amend-ments made by this section that are com-parable, to the maximum extent practicable, to the regulations prescribed by the Office of Personnel Management under section 6329 of title 5, United States Code. APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to Public Law 110–315, appoints the following individual to be a member of the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity: Steven VanAusdle of Washington. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 2016 Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 3 p.m., Monday, September 26; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 5325; finally, that the filing deadline for the cloture mo-tions filed today be at 4 p.m., Monday, September 26 for first-degree amend-ments and for second-degree amend-ments at 12 p.m., Tuesday, September 27. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 2016, AT 3 P.M. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5 p.m., adjourned until Monday, Sep-tember 26, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
NATHAN BRUCE DUTHU, OF VERMONT, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2022, VICE CHRIS-TOPHER MERRILL, TERM EXPIRED. 
STATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE  
JOHN D. MINTON, JR., OF KENTUCKY, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE STATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 17, 2019. (REAPPOINTMENT) CHASE ROGERS, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE STATE JUSTICE IN-STITUTE FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 17, 2018. (RE-APPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
TULINABO SALAMA MUSHINGI, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL, AND TO SERVE CONCUR-RENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF GUINEA-BISSAU. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOHN F. THOMPSON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.027 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6065 September 22, 2016 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ROBERT D. MCMURRY, JR. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. REYNOLD N. HOOVER 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. KELLY A. AESCHBACH 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 9333(B) AND 9336(A): 
To be colonel 
SCOTT E. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 9333(B) AND 9336(A): 
To be colonel 
JOHN D. CINNAMON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
ALFRED G. TRAYLOR II THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 9333(B) AND 9336(A): 
To be colonel 
MARK C. ANARUMO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 9333(B) AND 9336(A): 
To be colonel 
STEVEN C. M. HASSTEDT 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
KARL E. NELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
TODD D. WOLFORD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
LANCE L. JELKS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY VETERINARY CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MATTHEW A. LEVINE THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DANIEL J. DONOVAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DONNA A. MCDERMOTT 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant commander 
JORDAN M. ADLER CHRISTOPHER S. BANNON DUSTY P. BARTLETT RHETT Z. BEGLEY RICHARD H. BURTON JACOB A. CARLSEN SARAH M. COOPER BOBBY L. COWART JEFFREY A. DAWSON JOSHUA C. DENNIS JONATHAN D. DIETER BRIAN C. FIELDS STEPHEN N. GAETKE BRENDAN J. GEOGHEGAN STEFAN E. GILLETTE DAVID GRIMALDO JASON R. HANEY MICHAEL M. HANNA BRYAN K. HARRIS LINDSAY M. HEGY JOSEPH K. HELKER LINDSEY HENRY III BRUCE W. HILL PHILIP B. IBBITSON KEVIN D. JACK YASMINE N. JOHNSON NICHOLAS J. LAKOMCIK BRIAN J. LEE DANIEL S. MINTZER MATTHEW K. MORSE ALEJANDRO D. MUSQUIZ JOSEPH SIMON ADAM R. SINSEL MARK W. STEWART JAY B. TAYLOR NATHANIEL R. THOMSON SCOTT C. TOLLEFSON RYAN T. WADINGTON CHRISTOPHER D. WEDDELL RICHARD C. WONG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JOHN A. ALLEN LANCE A. ALT ROBERT J. BEBBER JENEAN R. BEERS MARK J. BERGEM CHRISTOPHER D. BJORNNES CHRISTOPHER B. BONINE MILES J. BOZARTH WILLIAM D. BRINKMEYER DEVON A. BRUMBAUGH DONALD M. COATES DAVID W. COURTNEY ANDREA M. CURRY JACOB F. DAVIS JAMIE J. DAVIS JOSHUA J. DUGAN JOSHUA G. DYE SAMUEL B. FLEMING WILLIAM R. FLEMING DEREK C. GILBERT MATTHEW D. GRAY MICHAEL D. GRIMSHAW JOHN D. HORTON TRACY JONES DAVID J. KING AARON M. LAWSONGRADLE JAMES L. LEGG MARCUS L. LONG SONDRA A. LONGWORTH STEVEN T. MAKI DEVIN J. MAYER ASHLEY S. M. MCABEE SEANN D. MCKENNA KYLE E. MILLER TANGIE I. MONTGOMERY MATTHEW I. MORAN NATHANIEL S. NEWSOM KEVIN D. OBRIEN WILLIAM A. PARKER BENJAMIN D. PARKS STEPHANIE R. PENDINO ANN M. PETERS MICHAEL A. PFAEFFLIN ALEXIS M. POSPISCHIL SHELLEY D. PULLIAM RICHARD H. PYFROM SARAH M. QUEMADA DANIEL S. RHAME, JR. ALEXANDER RIOS AUSTIN H. RUTKOWSKI WILFREDO SANTIAGO, JR. MICHAEL A. SCHMIDT RYAN W. SHROYER KURT M. SHULKITAS KELLY J. STEELE JOHN W. STUCKEY SEAN D. R. THOMPSON KENNETH S. TUMA II TIMBERON C. VANZANT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
CHRISTOPHER D. AYALA CHARLOTTE A. BENBOW KEVIN I. BREACH ROBERT B. CARTER SEAN P. CAULFIELD WESTON R. COBY SABRINA L. CUMMINGS THOMAS M. FREISMUTH, JR. CHAD E. GEIS DAVID W. E. HERRMANN DUSTIN D. HOCKING CORIANDRE T. JOHNSON DAVID J. LORFELD MARK C. MITCHELL ZACHARY E. MOODY AARON M. MORRONE THOMAS P. NEWMAN MATT A. PAULSON DYANNA L. RODRIGUEZ JEFFREY K. SEIBOLD WILLIAM D. TUBBS NICOLAAS A. VERHOEVEN ANDREW S. WEST THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant commander 
FRANCIS B. CARNABY JUN Y. CHEN CHRISTOPHER W. CRAZYBULL ANDREW B. DRODDY DANIEL L. JUSTICE SAMUEL S. T. KIM SIMON Y. KWAK CHRISTOPHER J. R. MCCOOK DANIEL J. MILLER VICTORIA E. MOORE BRENT H. OGLESBY VICTOR ROMANENKOV REBECCA I. SUMMERS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
BENJAMIN R. ADDISON KEVIN L. CHAMBERS ADAM R. COLE MATTHEW A. COMER DANIEL L. DAY SHAWN P. EKLUND DESIREE E. F. FRAME CHRISTINE B. GARGAN JULIANNE J. HOLLAND LESLIE L. HUBBELL AMELIA E. K. A. LAWTON JACQUELINE E. PAU STEPHANIE A. H. TURO RUSSELL P. WOLFKIEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JOSHUA C. ALCAZAR TODD M. ANDERSON THOMAS E. BEGNAL TIMOTHY J. DEAL KRISTOFFER C. DREW JESSE C. EPP KEVIN B. FLEESE KEVIN L. HICKS VAN J. HOWARD NATHANIEL H. HURT III DANIEL J. HUTTON JASON JACDEDT COURTNEY A. JOHNSON STEPHANIE M. KNIGHT CARLOS R. MARCIA SHAWN J. MARLOWE ORLANDO A. MARTINEZ BRIAN E. MCKEE MATTHEW G. OMIRE BRYAN S. RAYMOND, JR. MICHAEL C. SHAFFER BARRY O. SMITH DANNIE T. STIMSON PHILIP D. TOREM VICTOR E. VEGUILLADEJESUS JESSE L. WHITFIELD JUI I. YANG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
SILAS O. CARPENTER EVAN A. KARLIK MARK L. MORRISON CHRISTOPHER E. WELLS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
GALO A. CAVALCANTI MELANIE S. CHAMBERS SAMUEL L. H. CHEN RYAN T. DAILEY CHRISTINA M. DEES AUREL N. DEHOLLAN MICHAEL R. DICKENSON ALFONSO DUARTE JUSTIN R. FITZJARRALD AMANDA J. GRIFFITH DAVID A. HOOPER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.009 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6066 September 22, 2016 
ROY M. KLOTZBACH KYRA D. LASSITER LISA W. LEE ERIK E. MOSS JEROD A. TABER AUDRA M. VANCE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
CHRISTOPHER T. ABPLANALP KRISTIN P. ACTON DAVID J. ADAMEK STEPHEN W. ADAMS ANDRE M. AGRAVIADOR RAYMOND J. AHAUS JULIO A. ALARCON RICHARD A. ALI JEREMY R. ALLEY JONATHAN R. ALLMOND JOSEPH J. AMES AARON M. ANDERSON CHRISTOPHER D. ANDERSON JONANDREW D. ANDERSON NATHAN B. ANDERSON RAFAEL ANDRADE, JR. BENJAMIN M. ANDROS PAUL J. A. ANDRUZZI JAMES A. ANGEL JOSEPH W. ANGLIN JOHN D. ANHALT CHRISTINA C. APPLEMAN ERNESTO A. ARBOLEDA ANTHONY S. ARDITO STEVEN E. ASPHOLM RAYMOND B. AUBUCHON MICHAEL J. AUSTIN TRAVIS AVANT TRISTAN A. AYSON JONATHAN C. BACON WAYNE M. BACON DEREK L. BADER JAKE R. BAKER JORGE R. BALARES, JR. JEFFREY G. BALISTRERI RAYMOND T. BALL, JR. VICTOR A. BARGER JAMES A. BARKLEY JENNIFER L. BARKLEY PETER D. BARKLEY WARREN A. BARLOW TIMOTHY L. BARNIKEL ADAM J. BARRERAS TIMOTHY S. BARRY JOHN J. BARTIS DEVIN J. BASTEMEYER TRAVIS K. BATEMAN BRUCE BATTESON DOUGLAS C. BATTIG JOHN T. BAXTER CALVIN S. BEADS ANDREW W. BEASLEY TODD M. BEATTY ROBERT G. BEAUCHAMP BRETT R. BELL LANDON K. BELL MICHAEL B. BELL MATTHEW F. BELLASSAI CHRISTINE C. BENEDICT ROBERT T. BENEDICT CHARLES E. BENNETT MATTHEW P. BENNETT LANCE M. BENSON ANDREA L. BENVENUTO JONATHAN A. BERGSTRAND BRIAN A. BERUMEN MATTHEW E. BEZOLD ROLAND M. BIEHLE KEITH A. BIERMAN JASON E. BILBRO MITCHELL T. BLACKBURN SEAN T. BLACKMAN RYAN P. BLAKE MATHIEW K. BLANDIN PAIGE M. BLOK GREGORY M. BOBICH ERIC R. BOND JOHNATHAN W. BOSCH CHAD T. BOSER ADAM H. BOSMA TIMOTHY J. BOSTON CAMERON M. BOUTON VINCENT A. BOVE QUINCY L. BOWLES TYRCHRA A. J. BOWMAN RYAN J. BRACK MATTHEW R. BRADEN MICHAEL D. BRAMMER PATRICK J. BRAY JOSEPH A. BREEDEN TIMOTHY E. BREEN ROBERT E. BREISCH III JASON D. BRETHAUER ANDREW M. BRETT JEFFREY P. BRIDGE CHRISTOPHER R. BRIDGES WILLIAM R. BRIDGES ROBERT B. BRIDGMAN MATHEW BRIDWELL JOSEPH M. BRISCO, JR. BRANT J. BROCK BENJAMIN A. BROOKS MATTHEW S. BROOKS JANET M. BROOME ADAM W. BROOS BERRY T. BROWN JAMES D. BROWN MICHAEL R. BROWN THOMAS M. BROWN JERAMY J. BRUX ANTHONY T. BRYANT JORDAN A. BRYE MICHAEL BUBULKA NICHOLAS D. BULARZIK AMANDA K. BURD JOSEPH BURNS SCOTT B. BURRILL ERIC BURTNERABT GEORGE M. BURTON KENNETH P. BUTRYM LISA M. BYDAIRK PAUL M. BYRNE III ALAN P. CABILING ROBERT J. CADY JOSHUA M. CALDWELL SHAWN R. CALLIHAN ANDREW P. CAMDEN ALLISON CAMERON BRETT S. CAMERON JESSICA CAMERON LARRY E. CAMP, JR. JOSEPH M. CAMPBELL JOSEPH M. CAMPBELL KEVIN M. CAMPBELL CHRISTOPHER A. CANALES RUSSELL S. CANTY CHRISTOPHER D. CARAWAY JAMES C. CARBAUGH ANDREW D. CARLSON TODD W. S. CARLSON BRIAN M. CARNES REBEKAH CARR RYAN L. CARR JEREMY K. CARROLL ADAM B. CARTER DAVID H. CARTER JOHN D. CARTER KASEY W. CARTER JONATHAN D. CARTLEDGE PATRICK C. CASHIN ROBERT J. CASTOR, JR. AARON J. CASTRO MICHAEL M. CATALANO JUSTIN R. CAUDLE TIMOTHY T. CHADWICK RYAN P. CHAMBERLAIN ANDREW M. CHAMBERS FRANCIS C. CHAPELLE WILLIAM C. CHAPMAN MATTHEW E. CHARLES LEE J. CHASCO JOEL D. CHASE SCOTT C. CHASE JOHN J. CHESTER, JR. KYLER Z. K. CHONG COREY J. CHONSKY JUSTIN J. CHRISTENSEN MICHAEL D. CHRISTOPH JASON CHUMA DANIEL CIULLO ANTHONY J. CLAY SAMUEL M. CLEMENT ANDRE D. CLEVELAND GRAHAM E. CLEVELAND HARRISON L. COLEMAN II ROBERT A. COLVIN, JR. ROSS F. CONLEY JOHN S. CONNER DANIEL B. COOPER AMANDO S. COPE, JR. BENJAMIN J. CORDLE NICHOLAS D. CORNWELL BETTINA J. CORY ERIC M. COTE MATTHEW J. COUSINS WILLIAM D. COUTS ADAM E. COWAN ADAM L. CRAIG DENNIS J. CRUMP GARRETT R. CRYSLER THOMAS A. CUNNINGHAM ROBERT J. DALTON WILLIAM E. DANN CLAIRE F. DANTONIO ANDREW C. DARJANY MICHAEL E. DARK TRAVIS F. DAUGHERTY WILLIAM L. DAVIDSON BRIAN P. DEADMON ZACHARY C. DEAN SCOTT T. DEARDEN CRAIG L. DEAVOURS MICHAEL E. DEBOER MICHAEL K. DELOACH JEFFREY R. DELONGPRE LOUIS E. DEMARCO SCOTT C. DEMARCO BRIAN R. DEMELL HEATHER S. DENT BENJAMIN A. DESMOND ANTHONY K. DEVOTO CHRISTOPHER T. DIBBLE DANIEL C. DIDIER KIMBERLY R. DILLON ERIK J. DIPPOLD SAM E. DIRICKSON TREY J. DITTBERNER NICOLAS A. DOCKINS JAMES J. DOHERTY LUKE T. DONAHUE RYAN C. DOOT RYAN A. DORN MITCHELL R. DOW CHRISTOPHER M. DOWDELL MARGARET L. DOYLE JONATHAN T. DUENAS ALEX G. DULUDE PATRICK L. DUNN TIMOTHY M. DUNTON DOUGLAS W. DURHAM JOSEPH F. DYCKMAN WILLISTON L. DYE III DAVID P. ECKARDT BRETT N. ECKERT JAMES A. EDMINISTER SCOTT A. EDMINSTER JENNIFER M. EDWARDS DANIEL L. ELFGUINN JEFFREY M. ELLER, JR. DEREK H. ELLIS JENNA A. EPIFANIO DEREK W. ESCALANTE PAUL K. EVANS STEVEN L. EVANS, JR. ASHLEY J. FAIRES JESSICA L. FEATHER CHRISTOPHER W. FEAY JONATHAN C. FEINS JOSEPH D. FELDER II KEITH W. FERRELL DANIAL L. FICKLING FREDERICK FIELDS, JR. COLIN P. FINNEGAN JACOB A. FISCHER JOSEPH E. FITZGERALD TIMOTHY FITZGERALD, JR. JENNIFER S. FLEMING MICHAEL W. FLICK ROBERT J. FLOYD II ZACHARY F. FLYNN ELIJAH C. FORD KATE M. FORD RYAN B. FORSMO CHAD R. FORTIN ROBERT L. FOSTER MASON B. FOX ERIC M. FRANK COURTNEY B. FREEMAN MICHAEL W. FRITTS JUSTIN T. FUJIMURA MICHAEL FURLAN TODD M. GALVIN PAUL A. GARCIA DANIEL E. GARDNER JAMES M. GARRETT DALLAS C. GATES ANDREW T. GAY ANDREW T. GAYNOR GREGORY E. GEHL BRYAN T. GEIGER SEAN A. GENIS EKON A. GEORGE MARK A. GEORGE MATTHEW T. GEORGES LOUIS P. GERARD DAVID J. GERDA BRIAN K. GERVAIS ANDREW P. GIACOMUCCI NAOTOMO K. GIBSON JAMES E. GILES ANDREW E. GILLASPIE BRETT G. GILLIES JOHN W. GILLIGAN ANDREA M. GIULIANO ALEXANDER D. GLASS JASON A. GOELLER MATTHEW J. GOODAVISH MARK R. GORDON MICHAEL J. GOSSETT MEGHAN C. GRAY JONATHAN B. GREENWALD GRANT D. J. GREENWELL GLEN C. GREGORY STEVEN E. GREY, JR. DOUGLAS W. GROTHUES BRIAN A. GUEST RUBEN H. GUEVARA CHAD J. GUILLERAULT STEPHEN C. GUNGGOLL CLAIRE B. GUNNISON JOHN M. GUTIERREZ MARK GUTIERREZ PATRICK T. GUTIERREZ JOSHUA B. HAGGARD ALEX HALBERSTADT JEFFREY D. HALE MATHEW J. HALFERTY JEREMY S. HALL RICHARD M. HALL BRUCE D. HALLETT THOMAS C. J. HAM ANDREW C. HAMBLEN HURSEL B. HANKS JIMMY A. HARMON SEAN F. HARNER JASON S. HARREL BRIAN M. HARRINGTON JANIS J. HARRINGTON JOHN P. HARRINGTON AUBREY R. HARRIS MATTHEW A. HARRIS NICOLE M. HARRIS RAVON D. HARRIS NICHOLAS R. J. HAUBRICH ALEX W. HAUPT JOSEPH P. HAVERTY MITCHELL J. HAYS MICHAEL R. HAYTASINGH MATTHEW A. HEADLEY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.011 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6067 September 22, 2016 
MICHAEL J. HEARON JASON H. HEATH AARON A. HEIL JUSTIN S. HEITMAN TIMOTHY P. HENKEN AUSTIN L. HENNE MATTHEW M. HENRICH DONALD J. HENSHAW MATTHEW A. HEPFINGER LAWRENCE A. HERMAN ERIC R. HERNANDEZ AUDREY L. HERRINGTON RYAN D. HEYKENS MELISSA L. HIATT KALEN P. HICKEY JASON R. HIGHLEY JONATHAN W. HIGHTOWER RYAN P. HILGER JAMES F. HINDS JASON P. HOCH THOMAS J. HOFFMAN BRYCE C. HOLDEN DANIEL J. HOLIAN BRENT J. HOLLOWAY JENNIFER E. HOLSCLAW MARCUS A. HOOGEWIND CHRISTOPHER L. HORNUNG ROBERT H. HOUTMAN ANSON W. HOWARD GUILLERMO H. HOWELL ANDREW HOWERTON CECILIA X. L. HU JOHNTA R. HUDSON MICHAEL J. HUMARA DAVID P. HUSCHER ALAN J. HYTONEN SERGIO L. IBARRA ANDREW J. INGRAM CHRISTOPHER D. IVEY KIRK J. JACKSON PAUL A. JACOBS JEREMY R. JANNEY JAMES S. JENKINS, JR. PHILLIP D. JENKINS RONALD JENKINS BRYAN V. JENNINGS MICHAEL T. JENNINGS ADAM E. JENSEN JARED R. JEVONS CLAYTON A. JOHNSON DAMIEAN M. JOHNSON JEREMIAH A. JOHNSON ROBERT A. JOHNSON ANDRIA M. JONES BRIAN C. JONES MARVIN L. JOSEPH DAVID A. JOSLEYN JESSE A. JOYCE NATHANAEL C. JUCKETT SEAN M. JURGENSEN MATTHEW R. JUSTISON JOHN T. KADZ DAVID N. KAHKONEN BRITTANY B. KALUSCAK JONATHAN R. KANE FARROKH K. KAPADIA LOGAN V. KARSHNER MAGDALENA M. KEEL MATTHEW H. KEIDEL JOHN G. KEITH THOMAS L. KELLNER PETER J. KELLY RYAN P. KELLY JOSH R. KEMPINSKI SHANECE L. KENDALL JOHN P. KENNEDY LINCOLN E. KERGER KEVIN M. KERNO JEFFREY J. KERR KYLE W. KILLINGBECK CAL A. KIMES RYAN E. KIMMEL CHRISTOPHER M. KINGERY SEAN M. KINNEY BRIAN P. KIRK GLENN A. KIRKPATRICK GABRION M. KISLER MARK S. KLEIN CHRISTOPHER R. KNAPP JAMES P. KOBYRA DANIEL R. KOBZA MICHAEL R. KOCH CHRISTOPHER P. KOFOED MATTHEW B. KOHLMANN JOHN E. KOHUT MICAH A. KOLCUN MARK A. KONDRAT ANDREW KONOWICZ ANNA M. KOPP ADAMANTIOS M. KOULOUMOUNDRAS CHRISTOPHER M. KOWALCZYK MICHAEL KRASNIEWSKI MIRANDA L. KRASSELT RUSSELL A. KRATOVILLE, JR. PETER C. KRAVCHONOK CHARLES R. KREUZ BENJAMIN P. KROLL KEITH R. KROUCHICK ROBERT S. KURLAND ADAM C. KYLE TIMOTHY F. LABRESH JOSHUA K. LAIL JOEL A. LAKEY PATRICK J. LAKUSTA CHRISTOPHER W. LAMBERT JOSH T. LANG MATTHEW S. LANGFORD SCOTT W. LANUM EMILY A. LAPP ANDREW J. LATHROP ANDREW J. LAWRENCE CHRISTOPHER J. LAWSON MOLLY L. LAWTON DANIEL M. LEAHEY BRETT H. LEARNER ROBERT G. LECLERC ROBERT V. LEE BRIAN LEGARE JONATHAN R. LEONARDO SCOTT M. LESCENSKI MATTHEW J. LESZCZYNSKI LUIS A. LEVINE GREGORY J. LEWIS JOHN A. LEWIS KIRTLAN V. LEWIS MATTHEW R. LEWIS JOCELYN K. LIBERG WINSTON J. LIKERT JOSEPH T. LILES MYRON E. LIND NELS D. LINDBERG MICHAEL A. LINDER, JR. CAMERON M. LINDSAY MICHAEL L. LINN ROBERT M. LLOYD LEIGH K. LOESEL STEWART C. LONG SAMUEL LOPEZ, JR. JEREMY A. LORD KEVIN A. LOUGHMILLER NOLAN D. LUCAS TODD M. J. LUCHT BERNARD W. LUTZ PAUL N. L. LWIN MALCOLM R. LYBECK SARAH K. LYNCH NICHOLAS C. LYONS JACOB M. MADDOX PATRICK T. MAGNO BRIAN F. MAHLER JASON A. MAIER LOUIS S. MAJERCHIN MICHAEL R. MALIN DAVID MANGES BRITTANY A. MANLEY HERU K. MANSELL WILLIAM L. MARDEN SAMUEL M. MARRONE CHRISTOPHER L. MARSH DOUGLAS L. MARSH ROBERT D. MARSHALL TIMOTHY S. MARSHALL NICHOLAS C. MARSTON ANDREW J. MARTIN JONATHAN R. MARTIN MARK MARTIN MICHELLE M. MARTINEZ VICTORIA MARUM JONATHAN R. MASON KYLE C. MASON CAMERON H. MASSEY MARK J. MATKOVICH BENJAMIN A. MATTES MICHELLE A. MATTHEWS ZACHARY A. MATTHEWS CHARLES E. MATYKIEWICZ ROBERT W. MAUL JONATHON R. MAURUS CORY L. MAYER MICHAEL T. MCARAW ERIC K. MCBEE MICHAEL J. MCBRYAR NOAH L. MCBURNETT KEVIN K. MCCADDEN BRENT W. MCCAMMON PATRICK M. MCCASKEY JAMESON D. MCCORT DAMON C. MCCULLAR ANDREW F. MCDONALD MICHAEL J. MCDONALD JOSHUA J. MCDONOUGH MICHAEL D. MCGHAN RYAN D. MCGINN RYAN O. MCGOLDRICK BRENDAN J. MCGUNIGLE MICHAEL A. MCLAUGHLIN PRECIOUS S. W. MCQUADE RENE J. MEDRANO MATTHEW J. MEEKS KEVIN M. MEIER GREGORY C. MEISINGER LEO L. MENDOZA, JR. JOSHUA W. MERDES ROBERT A. MERIN GRANT A. MESTNIK WILLIAM A. MEYER JOSHUA A. MEYERS ANTONIA E. MIGGINS AMANDA R. MILLER BENJAMIN O. MILLER JAMES R. MILLER, JR. PATRICK E. MILLER ROBERT E. V. MILLER SCOTT R. MILLER JACE D. MIRMAK GREGORY A. MISCHLER ANDREW N. MITCHELL SAMARA Y. J. MITCHELL NATHAN W. MITICH ROBERT W. MIZE SAMUEL A. MOFFETT STEVEN R. MOFFITT WILLIAM H. MOHR MICHAEL O. MOLLOY JACOB M. MONTOYA CHRISTOPHER J. MOORE PATRICK J. MOORE JAIME A. MORENO DARRELL J. MORGAN DAVID H. MORGAN TIMOTHY E. MORGAN CHARLES G. MORRIS JEREMY D. MORTIMER ADAM P. MOSLEY NICHOLAS J. MOTTOLA MATTHEW H. MOURNING RABB O. MUHAMMAD WILLIAM P. MURPHY RICHARD A. MURRAY ANDREW F. MURTAUGH JOSEPH S. NAVARRE ADAM H. NEBENZAHL ADAM H. NELSON JONATHAN NELSON JOHN L. NEUBERT DAVID M. NEW NGUA V. NGUYEN MICHAEL G. NIEMI CHRISTOPHER A. NIGUS JONATHAN T. NODA JOEL C. NOGLE CHRISTOPHER A. NORRIS DAVID D. NOVOTNEY JAKUB NOWAKOWSKI JOSEPH W. NUTTING BRENT A. NYHEIM KEITH J. OBRIEN SEAMUS N. OBRIEN THOMAS J. OBRIEN MATTHEW J. OCONNELL JAMES R. OLSEN AUSTIN P. ORDWAY KORHAN M. ORGUN BRYAN M. ORLOWSKI TIMOTHY J. ORTH BRANDON M. OSWALD JOSHUA A. OVERN MATTHEW D. OWENS ALEXANDER J. OWRE JOSHUA S. PACE JUSTIN H. PACHECO DAVID B. PADGETT MATTHEW D. PAINTER ANTHONY J. PALLADINO JASON C. PALLOTTA MICHAEL J. PANOS TRAVIS W. PANTALEO JAMES R. PAQUETTE JON E. PARIS, JR. JOHN W. PARKS JASON R. PATTON ROBERT A. PAUL KATHLEEN E. PAULS GREGORY A. PAULUS BENJAMIN C. PEARLSWIG RYAN K. PECK HAMLET M. PEGUERO BRAD E. PENLEY SCOTT C. PENNOYER LUKE W. PENROSE ROBERT W. PERRIS ANDREW S. PETERSON KENNETH J. PETKUNAS RYAN D. PETTEPHER JEREMY C. PHILLIPS JOSEPH D. PHILLIPS TIMOTHY R. PHILLIPS NICHOLAS J. PIETRZAK GREGORY J. PIORUN, JR. CHRIS R. PLAPPERT ZACHARY M. PLEIS ANDREW J. PLUMB WALTER G. POINT PATRICK E. POLK KARL R. POPEJOY SURAVUT PORNPANIT BEAU S. PORTILLO MICHAEL D. POSMOGA ANDREW J. POTTS JOHN M. PRENDERGAST ASHLEY T. PRESTON PHILIP D. PRETZINGER ERIC M. PRIEST KENNETH J. PRINDLE MICHAEL L. PTACEK JOHN J. PUCKETT CHRISTOPHER T. RAGSDALE SHAUN A. RANDELL NICHOLAS J. RANK JAKE L. RANKINEN CODY H. RAPP JOHN E. RASHAP ROBERT J. RAZZANO WILL O. READ ANDREW J. RECAME KYLE E. RECKER JACOB R. REED JARRAD D. REEVES ANDREW REGALADO JONATHAN R. REICHEL PATRICK J. REILLY BENJAMIN L. REUST JOSE J. REYES EMILY J. REYNOLDS SCOTT M. REYNOLDS SEAN P. RICE ROBERT F. RICHARDS NICKLIS E. RICHARDSON SUSAN V. RICHARDSON STEPHEN P. RICHTER KEVIN L. RINGELSTEIN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.013 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6068 September 22, 2016 
RYAN A. RIOUFF JADEN J. RISNER RICHARD R. RIVAS BRIAN M. ROBERTS JASON M. ROBINSON JONATHAN D. ROBINSON BRADLEY J. ROBY STEVEN V. ROCKWELL ALEXANDER B. RODECK MICHAEL A. RODRIGUEZ DANIEL E. ROGERS BRENDAN K. ROK JORGE E. ROLDAN KRISTINA F. ROMERO NATHANIAL O. ROSENBERG DYLAN B. ROSS JOHN C. ROSS MARK G. ROSTEDT GEORGE J. ROTH BENJAMIN ROTHENBURG MARK J. ROTHSCHILD JAMES C. ROWE, JR. ADAM J. RUCKMAN MATTHEW N. RYAN KURT E. SACKS JOHN M. SADLER JONATHAN D. SAEWERT JASON M. SAKASH CHRISTOPHER M. SALLIOTTE SHANE A. SALVATORE PATRICK S. SALVITTI JOSEPH W. A. SAMMUR ANDREW B. SAMPLE BRIAN C. SANCHEZ CURTIS R. SANDERS MATTHEW M. SANDRETTO ALEXANDER M. SANDRONI LAURA B. SANTIAGO THOMAS B. SAUER KARL Q. SAULT REBEKAH E. SAXON BRENDAN A. SCHAAF JUSTIN J. SCHADE CHARLES W. SCHELLHORN NICOLE M. SCHERER BRANT H. SCHMALL JENNIFER M. SCHMIDT ROBERT S. SCHMIDT JARED A. SCHMITT CHRISTOPHER M. SCHNAPPINGER JOHN C. SCHNEPPER PETER C. SCHUNK NATHAN E. SCOTT LUCAS R. SCRUBY CRAIG K. SEARLES CHRISTOPHER D. SEDLAK SEAN P. SEEBERGER JOHN H. SEEBODE MATTHEW C. SEIBERT GREGORY J. SEITZ JOHN G. SHAFFO DANIEL C. SHEA THOMAS R. SHELLY RICHARD W. SHENE PATRICK D. SHOUVLIN PHILIP B. SHRADER DAVID K. SHULTZ JEREMIAH S. SHUMWAY KAI B. SIEGELE JOSHUA J. SILVA RICHARD P. SILVA, JR. MATTHEW S. SIMMONS RONALD R. SIMMONS, JR. DOMINIC J. SIMONE ELLIOTT P. SKILES KEITH W. SKILLIN, JR. KELLEY SLAUGHTER MICHAEL D. SLEDGE CHRISTIAN L. SMITH ERIK T. SMITH JOSHUA M. SMITH KRISTEN L. SMITH LEX A. SMITH LYNNWOOD C. SMITH MICHAEL F. SMITH NICHOLAS D. SMITH SARAH M. SMITH STEPHEN W. SMITH REID W. SMYTHE WILLIAM M. SNEAD JOEL P. SNEDEKER DEVIN T. SNIDER DANIEL A. SOLFELT RYAN L. SOLOMON CHARLES C. SONNTAG DAVID M. SOUZA MATTHEW W. SPENCE BERYL R. STEFANIC KATRINA L. STEGNER NATHAN A. STEIN KEVIN L. STEINBRECHER MICHELE K. STEINER DARIN L. STOCKMAN BYRON STOCKS BRYAN D. STONIECKI ALBERT J. STORRS ANDREW T. STREENAN MICHAEL G. STRITTMATTER JOEL D. STRONG SCOTT F. SULICH MATTHEW F. SULLIVAN PATRICK T. SULLIVAN MICHAEL R. SWANSON, JR. STEPHEN D. SZACHTA, JR. AARON N. SZECHTMAN RACHEL E. SZECHTMAN ALEXANDER B. TAFRESHI SHAWN T. TAGAN DAVID L. TARR BENJAMIN G. TARTELL KEVIN F. TAYLOR SCOTT J. TEDRICK ALAN A. TEELE MATTHEW I. TENNIS RICHARD J. TERRIO II KYLE L. TERWILLIGER DANIELLE THIRIOT JAMES G. THOMAS ROSS J. THOMAS ANDREW E. TIMPNER CHRISTOPHER R. TOCKEY ANDREW W. TOM JOSEPH R. TRAGER IAN X. TRAINOR BRIAN L. TRIBBITT BRENT L. TROST SEAN M. TUOHY JAMIE A. TURF CLINTON K. TURNER DAMON Y. TURNER ANDREW J. TURO JAC O. ULLMAN III MICHAEL J. UMHOLTZ SCOTT E. URBASHICH PAUL J. VALCKE, JR. EMILIO J. VALDEZ MICHAEL VALLIANOS, JR. NATHANIEL B. VANDEVENTER KYLE E. VANNATTA TROY H. VANTREASE PATRICK E. VEILLETTE BRIAN M. VIETHS VAUGHN A. VILLARREAL JOSHUA R. VIRGADAMO JONATHAN M. VOLKLE STEPHEN M. VOLPE DANIEL E. VROMAN GERALD D. VUOLO JONATHAN G. WACHTEL ADAM R. WAGLER JOHN W. WALKER VALON B. WALKER WILLIAM J. WALKER III MARK D. WALLIS LEIF E. WALROTH MARCUS T. WALTERS BLAKE M. WANIER TIMOTHY R. WARBURTON MATTHEW P. WARNECKE JUSTIN M. WASH TIMOTHY C. WASHBURN ERIC B. WATT ROBERT M. WAYLAND JOSHUA T. WEBB BRAD C. WEILAND JASON I. WELLS JUSTIN T. WELLS MICHAEL S. WELLS CHRISTOPHER A. WENZEL JAROD B. WHEELER JEREMY W. WHEELIS CURTIS W. WHITE DUSTIN L. WHITE ROOSEVELT B. WHITE, JR. JEREMIAH W. WIESNER CHRISTOPHER A. WILLIAMS MATTHEW R. WILLIAMSON FRANK D. WILLIS, JR. NOAH D. WILLKOM TROY M. WILLMAN ANDREW R. WILSNACK TYLER H. WILSON CALEB P. WINES MICHAEL P. WOLCHKO TRAVIS B. WOLF EVAN R. WOLFE ANTHONY K. WOLVERTON JEREMY D. WOODALL GARRETT M. WOODS CHARLES D. WORKMAN II BRYON T. YAMAJI XAI YANG JACOB B. YANOFSKY CHRISTOPHER H. YATES ROGER L. YOUNG JONATHAN M. ZANG MICHAEL D. ZARRAONANDIA JOSEPH ZERRA DAVID E. ZIEROTH JOHN G. ZILAI MICHEAL J. ZIMMERMAN RYAN E. ZYVITH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
STEVEN M. ARBOGAST KYLE A. BAKER TIMOTHY M. BEACH BIX A. BEIDERBECKE RYAN S. BOHNING NATHANIEL J. BYRD JOSEPH L. CAPRIO CHRISTINA D. CARINO DANIEL A. CARY GREGORY A. CASKEY AMAKA E. CHIDOZIE RYAN P. CONNER GREGORY M. CONTRERAS ANTHONY L. CULWELL LEON A. FAISON ROBERT T. FAUCI III CHRISTOPHER R. FLORES VICTOR R. FOULK ANDREW D. FREEMAN JORDAN K. GOFF BENJAMIN L. HALL JOHN M. HALLWORTH KEENAN S. HARMAN MARISSA C. HOBBS ROY T. JOHNSTON LEVI C. JONES JOON H. KIM ADRIAN S. LANEY SCOTT F. LORD CHRISTOPHER G. MACLEAN WILLIAM J. MARPLE DILLAN A. MASELLAS CHAD S. MILTENBERGER CASSANDRA C. MITCHELL MICAH D. MUNDEN LUKE C. OZECK TIMOTHY D. PHILLIPS JASON K. PONDER DAVID C. REINHARDT VERONIKA J. RICE BRIAN E. SCOTT JOSEPH M. STARK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant commander 
DORIAN R. ACKER MARCO P. AGRICOLI CHABONNIE R. ALEXANDER ERIC L. ALEXANDER STEVEN D. ALEXANDER JASON A. ALLNUTT PETER D. ANDREW JAMES L. ARKADIE, JR. MICHAEL J. ARNOLD BOWEN B. BOLSTAD RICHARD S. S. BOSTIC LANCE BREEDING ERIC D. BROOKS JASON M. BUERGER THOMAS J. BUMPASS ALAN L. BUSH GARY L. CALLAHAN ARON E. CALLIPO MARIO E. CANAS JOHNNY M. J. CAPORUSCIO STACEY M. CARFLEY RALPH J. CARLTON, JR. SCOTT L. CARPENTER CHARLES H. CARTER, JR. PAUL S. CASTILLO DARREN L. CATLOW DAVID C. CHANDLER NICHOLAS D. CHIUDIONI DAVID J. CHUMLEY CHAD C. COLLINS JACK R. COLLINS ALLEN L. CORDOVA RICHARD J. COSENDINE TODD E. COVINGTON MICHAEL J. DASCH DENISE T. DAVIS JONATHAN R. DAVIS THOMAS L. DEMPSEY JEFFREY A. DOODY II DUSTIN S. DOOLEY PAUL S. DUBOSE ADRIAN R. ECHEVARRIA ALAN D. EGGEMEYER TONI R. FADDEN VINCENTSUNDAY C. FALCON BRIAN M. FINGER JAMES M. FLAHERTY GEOFFREY W. FLOWERS KARLA V. FUENTES MICHAEL GALARZA II JESUS A. GARCIA TRAVIS S. GARLAND JESSE W. GASKELL FRANK J. GATES II SCOTT T. GEBEL TIMOTHY K. GEILENFELDT BRIAN S. GIBSON MICHAEL B. GNACINSKI JASON GONZALEZ CHAD A. GROSS MARCO M. GUIDI ARISTILE S. GUIDRY DAVID B. HADAWAY GREGORY R. HAND DARBY D. HARVILLE MATTHEW A. HATLEVIG PRESTON S. HOOPS MARK A. HOVAN CHRISTOPHER M. JOHNSON LARRY L. JOHNSON II TANYA S. JONES WILLIE J. JORDAN ANITRA W. JOSEPH JASON B. KAPLAN DENNIS A. KEE DAVID R. KESSLER TERRY J. KHAN JEFFREY S. KING LEMONT L. KING RODNEY M. KING TIMOTHY E. KING JASON S. KNEELAND RICHARD L. KRIENER ALEXANDER N. LAMIS SEAN P. LENNON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.015 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6069 September 22, 2016 
MICHAEL F. LEONE GERALD A. LILLY II JASON C. LOVELL SCOTT A. LUDWIG JOSEPH H. LUTHY ZACHARY A. MACDONALD JAMES F. MANNING DOUGLAS E. MARTIN KEVIN L. MARTIN FREDRICK W. MASTEN, JR. NATHAN M. R. MCCOY LAVEDA C. MCDANIEL DERMOT P. MCKENNA SHANNON D. MCNIEL SCOTT A. METCALF GREGORY S. MILLER JACOB A. MONN DAVID P. MOSES DAVID E. NELSON MICHAEL M. NEWBY BRIAN E. NEWCOMB JASON J. NORVILLE JOHN J. ORAVITZ, JR. JIMMY J. PAVELKA MICHAEL E. PEARNE JOHN PETERS SHELTRIC PETERSON JUSTIN M. PORTZ MATTHEW D. POST BRIAN C. PROUT JASON E. RACE MARLON J. RAMSEY CHRISTOPHER J. RASTRELLI JASON D. REDMAN JAVIER T. RIVERA DANA P. ROCKOT TIMOTHY W. ROE DEREK S. SADZINSKI MICHAEL J. SALSGIVER MATTHEW T. SCHELL LAWRENCE G. SCOTT, JR. JOSE SELLES TRAVIS W. SEMONES JASON M. SETLIFF JEREMY J. SHIPLOV BRIAN K. SNYDER THEODOSIUS SOILES II WAYLON P. SOMMER JOSHUA D. STEHR JEFFREY N. SUEKOFF ABDOULAYE SYLLA HOLLY R. TAYLOR JAMES D. TAYLOR ROBERT K. TAYLOR CLAIBORN B. THOMPSON JERRY R. TOFTE, JR. EDGAR V. TOVAR SEAN D. TRIPLETT CHINUAH A. TWITTY RAFAEL M. VILLARREAL JOHN L. VINCENT TRAVIS L. WADE MICHAEL K. WILLIAMS JULIAN G. WILSON III CHARLES A. WOOD JOHN A. WOODS CAROL A. YEISER NIGEL S. YODER JASON YORK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
MICHAEL A. AMMENDOLA KYLE C. BACHMAN ANN C. BEDNASH COLIN R. BOYLE STEPHEN J. BREMER JUSTINE A. CACCAMO BRIA R. CHAMBERS DEAK C. CHILDRESS JEANPAUL CHRISTOPHE ELIZABETH D. CLARKEGLYNN BENJAMIN E. CLICK PAUL A. COLON LEWIS J. COOPER RHIANNON L. CROTHERS SETH I. EPHRUSSI CHRISTOPHER R. EUBANKS DANIEL R. FLEMMING JAMES A. FOX, JR. ERIC W. GARDNER MICHAEL C. GARTNER REBEKAH D. GERBER LISA T. GREEN JASON K. GREGOIRE ERIN L. HALKIN FREDRICK N. HARLAMBAKIS KEVIN A. HOADLEY AMY E. HOUGH ADAM P. HUDSON JEFFREY B. HUNTER RICHARD F. JENSEN DANIEL G. KERN KEVIN N. LAMPING KURTIS A. LOBAUGH ADRIENNE A. MAESER PETER C. MAKI DOUGLAS M. MARKS KRISTIAN S. MATTSON DANIEL W. MCILVAINE ABBY K. MENNERICH SAMUEL A. MORGAN III LAURA M. NICHOLS TIMOTHY R. OCONNOR EDSEL W. PATE CHRISTOPHER J. PUTKO, JR. MI K. D. QWYN KEITH L. RINNE SARA J. RUBIN JOSEPH E. SANDERS MATTHEW C. SCHOMAKER EVAN K. SCOTT LUCAS H. SEEGER CAROLINE M. SEIDER LAWRENCE W. SHREVE KWASI R. SNEED JOHN L. THOMAS ANDREW P. THOMPSON CASEY W. TWOBEARS JACQUELINE E. VALAMOTAMED BENJAMIN WANG JOANNA L. WEST GEORGE T. WHITTLE STEVEN W. WILBUR HASHIM A. WILLIAMS ROSS E. WOLTJER MICHAEL B. ZIMET 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A22SE6.017 S22SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1337 September 22, 2016 
RESTRAINING EXCESSIVE SEIZURE OF PROPERTY THROUGH THE EXPLOITATION OF CIVIL ASSET FORFEITURE TOOLS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5523. In this day and age, the awesome power of the federal government can be difficult to fully appreciate for many citizens. Yet, when that power is used unwisely or unjustly, the con-sequences can be disastrous for innocent Americans. My friend and constituent, Mr. Andrew Clyde—for whom this legislation is named— experienced the full might of the federal gov-ernment in the form of civil asset forfeiture. Four years ago, the Internal Revenue Serv-ice accused Mr. Clyde of structuring his bank deposits in such a way to avoid the $10,000 threshold reporting requirement of the Bank Secrecy Act of 1986—a law aimed at uncover-ing illegal drug transactions. Then, with no due process and no evidence, the IRS seized nearly a million dollars from Mr. Clyde. Mr. Clyde is about as far from a drug dealer as you can get: He is a veteran of the U.S. Navy who served three combat tours in Iraq, a successful small business owner, and an upstanding citizen in our community. None of that mattered to the IRS—who em-ployed their powers of civil asset forfeiture to hold Mr. Clyde’s money hostage, force him to spend $100,000 in legal fees, and ultimately surrender $50,000 just to make the whole out-rageous ordeal come to a close. This flies in the face of due process—one of our Republic’s most fundamental liberties. The IRS has seized tens of millions of dol-lars from Americans in cases just like this where no criminal activity was even alleged, much less proven in a court of law. Andrew Clyde and the other men for whom this bill is named—Randy Sowers and broth-ers Jeffrey, Richard, and Mitch Hirsch—have dedicated themselves to ensuring this injustice will not continue to befall innocent Americans. H.R. 5523 would limit the IRS’s authority to conduct civil asset forfeiture under the Bank Secrecy Act unless the property actually origi-nated from illegal activity or was purposely structured to conceal illegal activity. I commend the work of the House Ways & Means Committee on this important issue, and I urge all my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. PROTECTION OF THE RIGHT OF TRIBES TO STOP THE EXPORT OF CULTURAL AND TRADI-TIONAL PATRIMONY RESOLU-TION SPEECH OF  
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 21, 2016 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Con. Res. 122, the Pro-tection of the Right of Tribes to stop the Ex-port of Cultural and Traditional (PROTECT) Patrimony Resolution. I joined as an original cosponsor of the Resolution, which was intro-duced by Congressman P
EARCE , and I am pleased that it has gathered broad bipartisan support. This resolution is an important first step in resolving an issue for all of Indian Country: protecting Native American cultural objects from removal and trafficking and en-suring their repatriation back to their tribal owners. There are many tribes located within my dis-trict. They, like other tribes around the country, strive to protect their cultural heritage and tra-ditional ways of life. Possession and protection of their cultural objects, including their sacred objects and objects of cultural patrimony, is imperative for tribes’ cultural practices and their ability to pass those practices down to fu-ture generations. These items or objects are distinct from the many wonderful works of trib-al arts and crafts that tribes proudly share with the world. Objects of cultural patrimony have such ongoing historical, traditional, or cultural importance to a tribe that they are considered communally owned and protected as such. Unfortunately, many seek tribes’ cultural ob-jects for their artistic value, not understanding that to tribes they mean so much more. These cultural objects end up being taken from tribes and trafficked domestically and abroad. Once abroad, tribes are forced to fight often-losing battles to regain possession of them. We as an American people have our own cultural objects deemed so necessary to our identity that they are owned by the people jointly, such as the United States Constitution or the flag that inspired the Star Spangled Banner. If these objects were displayed as art in a private home or sold overseas, we would stand together to call for their return. Laws like the Native American Graves Pro-tection and Repatriation Act and the Archae-ological Resources Protection Act exist to pro-tect Native American cultural objects. How-ever, through practice it has become clear that they are not sufficient to address the tribal loss of objects of cultural patrimony. As such, the PROTECT Patrimony resolution is a step in the right direction. The PROTECT Patrimony resolution aims to raise awareness of the importance of Native American cultural objects, as well as the pro-liferation of the removal and trafficking of these objects. It supports Congressional de-velopment of explicit restrictions on expor-tation, and it calls on federal agencies to con-sult with tribes to address the issue. Further still, this resolution calls on local stakeholders to cooperate with tribes and condemn illegal activity. The PROTECT Patrimony resolution is just the first step to a more comprehensive solu-tion to protect Native American cultural objects from removal and trafficking and to facilitate their repatriation. I urge all my colleagues to stand in strong support of this resolution. f 
MOBILE WORKFORCE STATE IN-COME TAX SIMPLIFICATION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 21, 2016 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss H.R. 2315. I’m glad to see that the House of Representatives is taking up legisla-tion to address a confusing state income tax issue that is leading to some unfair results. But I am concerned that another issue impor-tant to my state is being ignored. Many states currently face legal limitations on their ability to collect sales tax from out-of- state sellers. With the boom of the internet, economic transactions are increasingly moving online. For states that rely on sales tax reve-nues to fund state agencies and programs, they’ve seen a real hit to their balance sheets. What’s worse, we’re seeing brick and mortar retail outlets all across the state and country— businesses that have made real investments in their communities—face a competitive dis-advantage against online retailers. That means more empty storefronts on Main Street and fewer jobs in local communities. That’s why I’ve supported efforts to help level the playing field and ensure that Wash-ington retail stores have the ability to compete. The Remote Transactions Parity Act would au-thorize states to collect sales on products sold to Washingtonians that cross state lines. This bill now has nearly seventy bipartisan cospon-sors. Mr. Speaker, there are very few legislative days left before the end of this Congress. I’d encourage my friends in the majority to make a real effort to address this important issue before we adjourn. 
f 
HONORING JOAN MURPHY, LONG- TIME PUBLIC SERVANT 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Joan Murphy, a public servant for more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.001 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1338 September 22, 2016 
than 4 decades, who passed away on Sep-tember 18, 2016 at the age of 79. She had been fighting breast cancer since 2012 while bravely continuing to serve as a Commis-sioner on the Cook County Board. During her long service, she was known as a champion for working families and an advocate for great-er involvement for women in government. Born in South Boston, Commissioner Mur-phy graduated from Massachusetts State Teacher’s College. Early in her career she was a flight attendant for United Airlines as well as a real estate broker. She began her long career in public service when she was elected Crestwood’s Village Clerk in 1965. She was the first woman elected to that office, and became the first woman elected to be Worth Township Clerk in 1977, a position she held for two terms. She would go on to serve as the Worth Township Supervisor. In 2002 she was elected to represent the 6th District on the Cook County Board of Commissioners and served as the Chairperson for the Labor Committee and the Asset Management Com-mittee. Commissioner Murphy is survived by her daughter Tricia, her sons, Tim and Tony, and five grandchildren. Her husband Donald passed away from leukemia after 43 years of marriage. She lost her son Donald, Jr. a dec-ade ago. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Commissioner Joan Murphy, a truly committed public servant. Her long career in government demonstrated her connection to her community and her passion for improving the lives of those she worked for. She will be greatly missed. 
f 
HONORING KINDALL HENNING 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Kindall Henning. Kindall is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 43, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Kindall has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Kindall has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Kindall has led his troop as the Senior Patrol Leader. Kindall has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Kindall constructed a Veterans Memorial at the Faucett Community Center in Faucett, Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Kindall Henning for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. IN RECOGNITION OF THE NEW ENGLAND HONOR FLIGHT HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the New England Honor Flight orga-nization from Hooksett, New Hampshire. This great organization is our local branch of the National Honor Flight organization that pro-vides our most senior veterans with an ex-pense paid trip to Washington, DC to visit our national war monuments. The work done by this organization is truly outstanding. So many of our nation’s veterans have not had the opportunity to visit Wash-ington, DC to visit the monuments erected to pay honor to their service, and the brave men and women who sacrificed their lives to pro-tect the freedoms and liberties of our great country. Many veterans serve their country and do so humbly and quietly. They seek nothing more than the benefits promised to them by our forefathers, and many do not even pursue that which is entitled to them. To date, the New England Honor Flight has led 42 flights to Washington, DC, serving 1,474 veterans. Those veterans served in-clude 37 Prisoners of War, 61 women, 21 sets of brothers, and 7 husband and wife couples. Their next flight is scheduled for September 18th and their remaining flights for the year are currently booked with veterans that they will share this emotional experience with. I am proud to join with my fellow Granite Staters in recognizing the outstanding work the New England Honor Flight is doing to help support and recognize our veterans, and wish them all the best on future endeavors. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF ALEJANDRO DURAN 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to remember a prominent Long Beach resident, Mr. Alejandro Duran. He was respected and liked by many in the community, known best for his work at the restaurant, Chianina, in Naples. As an experienced chef, sommelier, and general manager, Alejandro’s extensive background and personality made him a pop-ular figure within Long Beach’s culinary com-munity. Alejandro’s experience with cooking spans over several years. Prior to moving to Long Beach, he worked in Austin, Texas as a chef at the Latin American restaurant, Malaga. Alejandro’s entrepreneurial and culinary skills helped project Malaga to prominent success. In 2013, he moved to Long Beach, California and joined the Michael’s Restaurant Group as general manager of Chianina. Alejandro was an active and energetic man-ager who often enjoyed engaging with cus-tomers. He was a respected leader amongst the restaurant staff for constantly motivating and supporting them. Alejandro’s devotion to Chianina helped make it one of the top ten steak restaurants in the United States. The sudden loss of Alejandro has been a devastating blow to the community, Chianina, and his family. He is survived by his wife, Dana—to whom he was happily married for eight years—and two daughters, Isabella and Sofia—to whom he was devoted to raising. Alejandro Duran’s passing was sudden and shocking, but he will be remembered for the lasting impact he left on the Long Beach com-munity. f 
IN MEMORY OF DUANE ACKLIE 
HON. ADRIAN SMITH 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Duane Acklie of Lincoln, Nebraska, who passed away on September 17, 2016. Duane was a successful entrepreneur who built one of America’s largest privately-owned trucking companies, but he was even more well-known for his commitment to his commu-nity, his state, and his country. Through nu-merous board memberships, appointments, and philanthropic ventures, he continually gave of himself to benefit the state he loved. Duane worked tirelessly and humbly at all levels of Nebraska politics for more than 50 years. His influence will undoubtedly be felt for generations to come. On behalf of all Nebraskans, I extend con-dolences to Duane’s loving wife of 62 years, Phyllis, and their family. Duane will be deeply missed. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE DELANEY FAMILY ON RECEIVING THE DIS-TINGUISHED FAMILY BUSINESS AWARD 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Delaney family of the Delaney Automotive Group in Indiana, PA on earning the Distinguished Family Business Award granted by the Indiana University of Pennsylvania Center for Family Business. The Distinguished Family Business Award is presented annually to a family that has ex-celled in industry, contributed to the commu-nity, and passed the business to the second generation or beyond. This award was created to increase awareness of the critical role that family-owned businesses play in our commu-nities. As such, it helps honor those who have truly made a difference. Jack and Susan (Snell) Delaney opened Delaney Chevrolet on July 19, 1971, and have since grown the family business to include a number of other dealerships in the Indiana area. What’s more, they have shared their personal successes with the community, as the Delaney Automotive Group now employs more than 360 people across its locations. Taking over as dealer operators at the Indi-ana and Greensburg locations were sons Jack and Tom, respectively. The Delaneys also have a daughter, Beth, who is an attorney in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22SE8.001 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1339 September 22, 2016 
Philadelphia. With six grandchildren and a seventh on the way, it’s possible the business will stay with the Delaneys for some time to come. It is my pleasure to highlight the hard work and commitment that the whole family has contributed to the successes of the Delaney Automotive Group. The Delaney family and their business will surely continue to benefit the greater Indiana, PA community for genera-tions to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GARY YAMAUCHI 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Gary Yamauchi for his many years of dedicated public service to the City of Alham-bra and the greater Los Angeles community. After twelve years serving as a city council member, which includes three-terms as mayor of Alhambra, Mr. Yamauchi has demonstrated unparalleled leadership and commitment to improving the lives of residents. Before Gary served on the Alhambra City Council, he founded Tri-Star Vending, a suc-cessful, full-service vending business, which operates more than 600 machines and proudly serves major San Gabriel Valley institutions such as the California Institute of Technology and East Los Angeles College. Mr. Yamauchi’s business is admired for its high- quality service, and the opportunity it has af-forded to individuals rebuilding their lives through employment. A quarter of Tri-Star Vending’s employees are former gang mem-bers who received job training through Homeboy Industries. Mr. Yamauchi’s strong desire to assist oth-ers and improve his community pushed him to run for public office and in 2004 he was elect-ed to the Alhambra City Council. His success and loyalty to the Alhambra community as-sured his re-election and he served as mayor twice more in 2008 and in 2012. Besides his involvement on the city council, Gary has demonstrated his commitment to the Alhambra community serving as President and board member of the Alhambra Chamber of Commerce, the Alhambra Rotary Club, and the West San Gabriel Valley YMCA. Mr. Yamauchi has also served as Vice President of the Alhambra Planning Commission, mem-ber of the San Gabriel Valley Economic Devel-opment Council, and board member of the Go For Broke National Education Center. It is with great pleasure and gratitude that I congratulate Mr. Gary Yamauchi today for his many years of service to the City of Alhambra. The time and energy Mr. Yamauchi has put into improving the lives of others is exemplary and greatly appreciated by Alhambra’s resi-dents. I now ask all Members to join me in congratulating Gary Yamauchi, successful businessman and devoted public servant. RECOGNIZING STATE REPRESENTATIVE RICK WOMICK HON. SCOTT DesJARLAIS 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. D
ESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Tennessee State Representative Rick Womick, a constituent of Tennessee’s Fourth Congressional District who has distin-guished himself through outstanding public service to the people of the 34th House Dis-trict and all Tennesseans. He has faithfully served in the Tennessee General Assembly from 2010 to 2016. As a staunch conservative, Representative Womick’s Christian faith has guided him to safeguard the values we treasure: the United States Constitution, the Tennessee Constitu-tion, the constitutional amendment prohibiting a state income tax in Tennessee, preserving states’ rights, the right to keep and bear arms, recognizing the serious threat of radical Islam to America, and supporting Tennessee values. Representative Womick has a lifelong record of preserving freedom and protecting our country, having served in the United States Air Force as an officer and an F–15 Fighter Pilot during the Gulf War. He has also served as a Federal Law Enforcement Officer and presently serves as an international com-mercial airline pilot. This commendation is presented as recogni-tion of Representative Rick Womick’s honored service to the people of Tennessee. I thank you for your energy, enthusiasm, and dedica-tion that epitomize our state slogan: ‘‘Ten-nessee . . . America at its Best.’’ Best wishes to you and your family for great success in the future. 
f 
HONORING ETHEL SEIDERMAN 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Ethel Seiderman, who passed away on July 26, 2016, after a lifetime of serv-ice to her community. The daughter of Jewish immigrants from Poland, Ethel developed a passion for children and social justice from growing up in a working-class Bronx child-hood. While studying at Brooklyn College she met and married Stanley Seiderman. In 1963 they left New York and made their home in San Francisco, moving to Marin four years later. Mr. Seiderman, a family counselor, died in 2005. After founding the pioneering Fairfax-San Anselmo Children’s Center in 1973, Ethel went on to become nationally known as a pas-sionate advocate for early childhood education and social justice for needy children and fami-lies. In later years, on behalf of the Parent Services Project, Mrs. Seiderman traveled widely, teaching and lecturing in a dozen states. In Marin, she advised child-care cen-ters as well as a dozen elementary and high schools. In 2006, she was honored with the Beryl H. Buck Award for ‘‘community giving in action.’’ After running a nursery school in Terra Linda and working in child care centers in San Francisco’s African-American Fillmore District, Mrs. Seiderman battled the state bureaucracy to get funding for the Fairfax-San Anselmo Child Care Center, the first low-cost child care center founded by a community member. Mr. Speaker, the depth of Mrs. Seiderman’s commitment to the children, education, and social justice has left an indelible mark not just on the community of Marin, but on children and families far and wide. She was a formi-dable force whose presence will be missed by many. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to her today and honor her memory. f 
HONORING ASSUMPTION GREEK ORTHODOX CHURCH ON THEIR 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the parishioners of the Assumption Greek Orthodox Church of Homer Glen, Illi-nois, who are celebrating the 100th Anniver-sary of their parish. Established by the first Greek Settlement to come to Chicago Heights in 1916, the As-sumption Greek Orthodox Church has been an institution in the community since its incep-tion. The church was dedicated on December 3, 1916, making it the first Greek Orthodox Church in Chicagoland to be located outside the city limits. The church moved to Olympia Fields, then temporarily to Orland Park, before settling in its current location in Homer Glen. In addition to liturgies and other church services, Assumption holds many community and educational events. The church offers weekly Greek classes as well as Sunday school and women’s and young adult philan-thropy programs to foster a vibrant parish community. I would like to commend Assump-tion for going above and beyond by being ac-tive in the local community and expanding its reach to include education and community work. The hard work of Reverend Father Sotirios Dimitriou, or ‘‘Father Sam’’ as he is affection-ately known, has been integral to the success of the parish. He is well deserving of praise along with the outstanding parishioners who strive to improve the strength of the church and its worshippers. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to con-gratulate Father Sam and all the parishioners of Assumption Greek Orthodox Church on one hundred wonderful years of withstanding the test of time and continuing to minister to the faithful. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ABINGDON RURITAN CLUB 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 60th Anniversary of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22SE8.010 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1340 September 22, 2016 
Abingdon Ruritan Club located in Gloucester County, Virginia. The club was chartered on October 8, 1956 by only 29 members who came together to support fellowship, goodwill, and community service. After 60 years, the Abingdon Club has become the third largest of all Ruritan Clubs in the country. Throughout the Abingdon Club’s 60 years, it has stayed committed to its founding prin-ciples of contributing to the public good. The Club has shown its support of the veterans of the First District by delivering care packages to VA Hospitals. Club members have also dedicated time to protecting our environment and natural resources. They participate regu-larly in the Gloucester County Clean UP and plant Sea Grass to help preserve our Virginia coastline. Moreover, the Abingdon Club has donated its time and membership to helping the chil-dren of Gloucester by giving gifts at Christmas time, supplying stuffed Rudy Bears to the Sheriff’s Department for children in vulnerable situations, and offering college scholarships. The Abingdon Ruritan Club has made our community in the First District of Virginia a better place. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in congratulating them on 60 years of service and wish them many more to come. 
f 
RETIREMENT OF MR. HOWARD L. DONALDSON FROM GOVERNMENT SERVICE 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great American on his ‘‘third and final’’ federal service retirement. Mr. Howard L. Don-aldson achieved an impressive career serving our nation in both military and civilian capac-ities for almost 44 years. His superb military service began as an ROTC Army Artillery Offi-cer in 1969, and continued following a break to earn a Juris Doctor degree (with Honors) from Golden Gate University, becoming barred in California. Mr. Donaldson returned to duty as an Air Force Staff Judge Advocate, serving in three Air Force wings, 16th Air Force, Headquarters Pacific Air Forces, Air Force and United States Special Operations Commands. He was a noted civil law instructor at the Air Force Judge Advocate General School, and a barred U.S. Supreme Court lawyer. Mr. Don-aldson garnered several awards, including two ‘‘Outstanding Judge Advocate of the Year’’ command citations. As 16th Air Force Staff Judge Advocate Mr. Donaldson helped en-force the Dayton Peace Accords in the former Yugoslavian Republic air conflicts. After 28 years of active duty service, Colo-nel Donaldson postponed his retirement to take a final assignment as the HQ US Special Operations Command Staff Judge Advocate. He served until a mandatory retirement date, retiring the ‘‘first’’ time only to be recalled to active duty. His ‘‘second’’ military retirement occurred in June 2003, with nearly 31 years of military commissioned service to the nation. In June 2003 Mr. Donaldson then embarked on civilian service as counsel to NORAD/ USNORTHCOM. He received the Armed Forces Civilian Service medal for his participa-tion in the support of the Global War on Ter-rorism. He also provided invaluable legal ad-vice to the commander during hurricane KATRINA, the Haiti earthquake, Russian Long-Range Aviation threat responses, North Korean missile launches, pandemic prepara-tion, CONUS Natural Disaster coordination, and countless USNORTHCOM National Spe-cial Security Events. Howard and his supportive wife Sally have traveled the world and sacrificed in and out of uniform while serving our country. I salute this modern American patriot who has provided over four decades of federal contribution. God-speed Howard and Sally in your ‘‘final’’ gov-ernment retirement. f 
HONORING NATHAN JACOB 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Nathan Jacob. Na-than is a very special young man who has ex-emplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1376, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Nathan has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Nathan has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Na-than has earned the rank of Warrior in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say and become an Ordeal Member of the Order of the Arrow. Nathan has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Nathan erected and installed two poles with directional signage for the Fountain Bluff Sports Complex in Liberty, Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Nathan Jacob for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
RECOGNIZING REX KAUP’S SERV-ICE AND COMMITMENT TO HIS COMMUNITY 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Rex Kaup on receiving the Kiwanis Club of Altoona’s Distinguished Cit-izen Award. The award is given by the Altoona Kiwanis Club each year to recognize the recipient’s outstanding service and longstanding commit-ment to the community. Mr. Kaup is a partner of Young, Oakes, Brown & Company P.C. in Altoona, Pennsylvania, where he has had an impactful involvement with various business and community organizations. He has also served on the Penn State Altoona Alumni So-ciety Board of Directors and has been an ac-tive member of the Rotary Club of Altoona for 30 years, never missing an opportunity to be of assistance to his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Rex is one we all should strive for. His willingness to serve his community and Pennsylvania sets him apart as an outstanding individual and I am honored to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Rex for this achievement and wishing him nothing but continued success. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE U.S.-RE-PUBLIC OF GEORGIA PARTNER-SHIP 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, the Republic of Georgia is a trusted friend and partner of the United States. I firmly support Georgia’s sov-ereignty, security and prosperity, and I wish to congratulate Georgians on the remarkable democratic and economic progress they have achieved in 25 years of independence since the fall of the Soviet Union. I would particularly like to call attention to the United States’ unwavering security part-nership with Georgia, whose armed forces participate in international missions worldwide, including the Resolute Support Mission in Af-ghanistan where Georgia is contributing more personnel than any other non-NATO member. I know the United States deeply appreciates Georgia’s contributions to these missions and honors its sacrifices. Our important security re-lationship with Georgia continues to grow through ongoing regional efforts like the Euro-pean Readiness Initiative and expanded bilat-eral cooperation. And our two countries are working closely to boost our mutual security, build Georgia’s resilience and self-defense ca-pabilities and create a safer region and world. In this context, I remain deeply concerned about Russia’s continued occupation of Abkhazia and South Ossetia and believe Rus-sia must fulfill its obligations under the 2008 ceasefire agreement. The United States is steadfast in our support for Georgia’s sov-ereignty and remains committed to helping Georgia achieve its goal of NATO and Euro-pean Union membership and full integration into European institutions. Georgia is preparing for parliamentary elec-tions in October, an important test of the coun-try’s civic institutions and democratic practices. Georgia’s continued democratic maturation de-pends on free and fair elections in a pluralistic media environment. And it is critical for Geor-gia to sustain progress in enacting its reform agenda, particularly in the justice sector, which will both further strengthen our bilateral part-nership and prove to Georgians that their gov-ernment is working for them. Progress has not come without difficulty, but the commitment of the Georgian people has made Georgia a true standout in a difficult region and an important partner of the United States. Again, I would like to congratulate the Re-public of Georgia on reaching this significant milestone and recognize the importance of our continued close partnership. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22SE8.014 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1341 September 22, 2016 
TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in the Congressional Progressive Caucus in strong opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship. When it comes to trade deals and American jobs, Congress should NEVER be a rubber stamp. As the representative from California’s beautiful 13th Congressional district, I have the honor and privilege of representing the Port of Oakland, one of our nation’s busiest sea and airport facilities. I support trade because it is critical to the economy of my district and our nation. But trade is only good when it’s fair, open, transparent and creates good-paying Amer-ican jobs. The TPP fails to meet even one of these standards. Quite simply, TPP is a bad deal that would ship American jobs overseas and help the 1 percent reap even greater profits. The American people aren’t fooled by TPP. The vast majority of Americans—including people from both parties—oppose the Trans- Pacific Partnership. In particular, I’d like to highlight how pre-vious bad trade deals have hurt American workers, families and businesses, especially in communities of color. Since 1994, one in four manufacturing jobs in my home state of California has been lost because of NAFTA and other WTO agree-ments. But this didn’t just happen in California. From 1998 through 2012, under NAFTA: 79,000 manufacturing jobs, nearly half of manufacturing jobs, were lost in St. Louis, 82,000 manufacturing jobs, also nearly half of manufacturing jobs, were lost in Cleveland, and 25,000 manufacturing jobs were lost in Balti-more. Given the large number of people of color in these cities, these jobs lost took a particular toll on these communities. In fact—nationwide, thirty-five percent of jobs lost because of our trade deficit with China came from communities of color. For those that lost their jobs, the situation went from bad to worse—when they finally found a new job, not an easy task in many communities of color, their paychecks were cut by nearly 30 percent. This is outrageous. These lost jobs and wages cost these communities of color more than 10 million dollars each and every year. As Members of Congress, we simply cannot allow another, even worse trade deal to drive these communities deeper into poverty. But it isn’t just jobs and paychecks that will suffer under the TPP; critical labor standards, environmental protections and human rights would be eroded as well. It would also restrict access to lifesaving drugs and artificially inflate drug prices. As co-chair of the bipartisan HIV/AIDS Cau-cus, I want to highlight that in July 2015, UNAIDS warned against the TPP’s TRIPS- plus (Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights) measures because of nega-tive impact on developing countries. This is why my colleagues and I are here saying NO to the TPP. It was negotiated in secret back rooms by special interests and multinational corpora-tions. Nothing in this deal is good for the American people. Far from being the most progressive trade deal ever—this deal will ship American jobs overseas and create a race to the bottom for wages, environmental protections, labor stand-ards and human rights. Let me be clear, the American people de-serve better. We need a fair deal that creates U.S. jobs and grows our economy. We will continue to fight against this bad deal. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF MR. LIONEL LEBLANC’S 91ST BIRTHDAY 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my congratulations to Lionel Leblanc in celebration of reaching his 91st birthday. As he reflects on the great memories that have highlighted the past ninety-one years, I know he will think fondly on all that he’s ac-complished and the positive impact he’s had on New Hampshire. Mr. Leblanc is an ardent patriot who proudly served his country with the Army Air Corps during World War II. As a member of the greatest generation he continued to serve his country for 38 years in what would later be-come the U.S. Air Force, retiring as a Master Sergeant and specialist in Weapons Systems Maintenance. Once separated from the Air Force, Lionel continued to serve his fellow vet-erans as a Commander of the Veterans of Foreign Wars and remains to this day a strong supporter of numerous veterans groups and charities in the state. His dedication to his fel-low veterans has not been forgotten and I know they all join with me in wishing him a very happy birthday. It is with great admiration that I congratulate Mr. Leblanc on achieving this wonderful mile-stone, and wish him the best on all future en-deavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT JOHN C. FISH-ER, OHIO FARM BUREAU 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize John C. ‘‘Jack’’ Fisher, the Exec-utive Vice President of the Ohio Farm Bureau for his dedicated service to Ohio agriculture. Throughout his career, Jack worked tire-lessly to make agriculture a true asset and economic driver for the state of Ohio. He vi-sion has allowed Ohio to continue to be at the forefront of agriculture, which is vital for Amer-ican and global success. Jack’s ability to bring different groups together for productive dia-logue has helped ensure the continued fos-tering of innovation and collaboration. His management has been invaluable to the agri-cultural community in the state. Ohio, the agricultural community, and the Farm Bureau will truly miss his leadership, and I extend my deepest thanks to Jack for his service and I wish him well in retirement. f 
HONORING 60 YEARS OF CAULKINS JEWELERS 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge my constituent, Stanley Caulkins, and his jewelry store, Caulkins Jew-elers, on celebrating 60 years of business in Leesburg, Virginia. Before opening his own store, Mr. Caulkins’ life took him down many paths. During the Second World War, Mr. Caulkins served his nation as a radio operator on a B–17 Bomber, upon returning home he attended Montgomery Jr. College and the Peter School of Horology in Washington, DC. In 1950, Stanley began working for a local jeweler on South King Street repairing watches and jewelry before buying his own store in 1956. Ever since, Caulkins Jewelers has been a fixture of the Leesburg community. Mr. Caulkins has also been an active in the Leesburg community. In addition to being the longest serving individual retailer in town, in 1962 he started the Downtown Renaissance in an effort to beautify downtown Leesburg. Mr. Caulkins has also served on the town council, the airport commission, and as Secretary, Treasurer, and President of the Leesburg Ro-tary Club. At 90 years of age, Stanley con-tinues to diligently serve his community. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Stanley Caulkins and Caulkins Jewelers as they celebrate this mile-stone. His dedication to both Caulkins Jewel-ers and Leesburg, Virginia has made him a friendly face in the Leesburg community. I wish Mr. Caulkins all the best in his future en-deavors. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER AND AC-COMPLISHMENTS OF AUDRA M
CDONALD 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Audra McDonald as she is recog-nized with the National Medal of Arts award, presented by the President of the United States. The National Medal of Arts award is the highest award given to artists by the United States government, and Audra has undoubt-edly earned the prestigious award. Audra’s successful acting and singing ca-reer began in her hometown, Fresno, Cali-fornia. Audra grew up in California’s San Joa-quin Valley and was raised by her mother, Anna, and late father, Stanley. Her parents taught Audra and her sister, Allison, the impor-tance of hard work and dedication. At age 9, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22SE8.018 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1342 September 22, 2016 
Audra joined the Good Company Players’ jun-ior company, and soon after, landed a role with Dan Pessano and the Good Company Players. Audra is a graduate of Roosevelt High’s School of Arts program. She continued her education in the arts at Juilliard School and graduated in 1993. Audra has seen great suc-cess on Broadway and in the Opera. In addi-tion to having won three Tony Awards by the age of 28, Audra is the recipient of two Grammy Awards, an Emmy Award, Drama Desk Awards and Outer Critics Circle Awards. Most notably, Audra is the recipient of six Tony Awards, making her the most statue- laden Tony Award winner. Audra’s most re-cent Tony Award was for her incredible por-trayal of Billie Holiday in Lady Day at Emer-son’s Bar and Grill. Not only is Audra an exceptional actress, but also a wonderful person who is involved in various philanthropic endeavors. She actively gives back to her community and seeks to im-prove the lives of those around her. Audra is a strong champion for the LGBTQ community, ensuring that all people, regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity, are treat-ed equally. Audra is a source of inspiration and pride for the San Joaquin Valley and our entire na-tion. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Audra McDonald as she receives the National Medal of Arts for her lifelong career as a sing-er and actress. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF THE BIRTH OF NOAH ALEXANDER CORTS 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to congratulate my constituents Stephanie Corts and her husband, Alexander Corts, on the birth of their son. Noah Alexander Corts was born at 12:01 a.m. on Wednesday, July 27, 2016, at Lakes Region General Hospital in La-conia, New Hampshire. Noah weighed seven pounds and five ounces and measured 19 inches. He is the first child for the happy cou-ple and I look forward to watching him grow as he is raised by talented parents who will be dedicated to his well-being and bright future. I would also like to congratulate Noah’s grandparents, Adam and Michelle Downs of Meredith, New Hampshire, and Irene and Jochen Corts of Remschied, Germany. Con-gratulations to the entire Downs and Corts families as they welcome their newest addition of pure pride and joy. 
f 
PROTECTING REFUGEES: CAMP LIBERTY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, an esti-mated 1,200 Iranian dissidents remain in Camp Liberty in Iraq at the mercies of the pro- Iranian government in Baghdad. These refu-gees, mainly members of the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (otherwise known as the MEK) are unarmed, innocent people who have been forced to flee their homes because of their opposition to the tyrannical theocratic re-gime in Tehran. They have endured decades of exile outside of Iran marked by continuous suffering and persecution. Since 2013, seven rocket attacks have tar-geted Camp Liberty, wounding hundreds and killing at least 139 residents. All of these at-tacks are believed to have been carried out ei-ther by Shiite militias in Iraq linked to the Ira-nian regime or by agents of the Iranian Quds Force. No one has been held accountable for these attacks. In fact, no one has even been arrested. Despite the fact that the Iraqi gov-ernment signed a Memorandum of Under-standing ensuring the safety and security of the residents of Camp Liberty, it appears that the Iraqi government’s subservience to Iran takes precedence. These dissidents are not safe in Iraq and must be relocated as soon as possible to some other country. Thankfully, 1,800 resi-dents have already been resettled outside of the country, particularly in Albania, which took in the most recent batches of refugees leaving Camp Liberty in early August. However, recent reports from MEK sources within Tehran now suggest that the Quds Force is contemplating another major strike on Camp Liberty before the remaining refugees are allowed to leave. At the same time, Quds Force-linked para-military forces have been increasing their presence in Baghdad International Airport—a troubling sign that could presage another strike on the camp that is located not too far from the airport. The Iranian government would like to extend the reign of terror it wages at home against any and all people who speak out against it— including the dissidents in neighboring Iraq. How many more people have to die? How many more times will unarmed refugees be at-tacked by rockets? The Iraqi government must live up to its commitment and protect these refugees until every last one of them finds his or her way to safety. And that’s just the way it is. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,524,335,895,543.03. We’ve added $8,897,448,846,729.95 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $8.8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. IN RECOGNITION OF A FARM LESS ORDINARY HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Maya Weschler and Greg Masucci of A Farm Less Ordinary in Loudoun County for the creation of this extremely important or-ganization. A Farm Less Ordinary strives to provide a compassionate and useful service through the agricultural industry to both Loudoun County and the Commonwealth as a whole. Maya Weschler and Greg Masucci moved to Loudoun after buying a family farm, where they sought to provide a safe and calm envi-ronment to raise their family. After seeing the positive impact the farm had on their autistic son Max, Maya and Greg decided to learn more about farming and to establish a place for others who faced disabilities to learn valu-able work skills. Their farm has grown into an organization that is able to provide a sympa-thetic place of work and competitive com-pensation for their workers, who come from their partner organizations in Loudoun and Clarke County. Maya Weschler and Greg Masucci strongly believe in being good stewards of the land and caring for the environment. Perhaps most of all, the couple firmly believes in giving back to the community through their organization and their Community Supported Agriculture network. The success of Maya and Greg is a tremendous accomplishment and their aspira-tions for expansion are admirable. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Maya Weschler and Greg Masucci for their service to the community through A Farm Less Ordinary. I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF BROTHER DABNEY NAPOLEON MONTGOMERY 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor to join our Nation, New York State and The Vil-lage of Harlem as we celebrate the life of and pay tribute to our beloved American Hero, Brother Dabney N. Montgomery, who made his transition to his Lord and Savior on Satur-day, September 3, 2016. A fellow member of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc. and patriarch of Harlem’s historic Mother African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, Dabney N. Mont-gomery was a member of the ground crew of the famed Tuskegee Airmen and served as a bodyguard for Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. during the historic 1965 March from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama. Dabney N. Montgomery was born in Selma, Alabama on April 18, 1923 to Dred and Lula Anderson Montgomery. Brother Montgomery was drafted into the Army Air Corps during World War II and served in the 1051st Quar-termaster Trucking Company of the 96th Air Service Group, attached to the 332nd Air 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.004 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1343 September 22, 2016 
Fighter Group, as a ground crewman with the Tuskegee Airmen in southern Italy from 1943 to 1945. During his heroic service, Brother Montgomery was awarded a Good Conduct Medal, the WWII Victory Medal, the European African Middle Eastern Service Medal with two Bronze Stars, a Service Award, the Honorable Service Medal, and a Basic Driver and Me-chanic Medal. After the War, he enrolled into Livingstone College, Salisbury, North Carolina, and re-ceived a B.A. degree in Religious Education. He served as a Charter Member of the Sphinx Club and was one of the first to be admitted into the Gamma Mu Chapter of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity. In 1955, Brother Montgomery joined Mother African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church—the oldest Black Church in the State of New York, organized in 1796 in Har-lem, New York, and immediately began to serve as Sunday School Teacher. To give you some content and background, Tuskegee University was awarded the U.S. Army Air Corps contract to help train Amer-ica’s first Black military aviators because it had already invested in the development of an air-field, had a proven civilian pilot training pro-gram and its graduates performed highest on flight aptitude exams. What makes the story of prominent New Yorkers such as Captain Ros-coe C. Brown, Jr., Intelligence Officer Percy Sutton, Lieutenant Colonel Lee Archer, Jr., Ar-morer Joseph Herman Spooner and Grounds Crewman Dabney N. Montgomery remarkable, is their selflessness and devotion to a country, despite the segregation and barriers they faced. They were willing to put their lives on the line for American values and freedoms even when discrimination compromised their own rights and liberties. Through their patriot-ism, the walls of segregation were finally re-moved from our Armed Forces on July 26, 1948. The great exploits and historic successful missions carried out by Grounds Crewman Dabney N. Montgomery and the Tuskegee Air-man fighting group, who never lost a bomber on their watch, was never properly recognized by this United States government until I intro-duced and proudly sponsored Bill H.R.–1259. This bill, passed by Congress in 2006, award-ed the Congressional Gold Medal, our highest civilian honor, to the Tuskegee Airmen. On March 29, 2007, my good friend attended the ceremony in the U.S. Capitol Rotunda, where he and the other Tuskegee Airmen, collec-tively, not individually, were awarded the Con-gressional Gold Medal in recognition of their service. Brother Dabney Napoleon Montgomery left his indelible mark on this earth as a war hero, Veteran, moral leader, educator, husband and godfather to many devoting his life to the bet-terment of all humankind, community, and country. In honor of Brother Montgomery’s Civil Rights legacy, ‘‘The Heels’’ from the shoes he wore in the 1965 historic march from Selma to Montgomery will hang in the National Museum of African American History and Cul-ture in Washington, DC, which opens Sep-tember 24, 2016. I join my colleagues and the rest of the na-tion as we say goodbye and pay tribute to our beloved brother, Dabney Napoleon Mont-gomery, a true American hero. CELEBRATING THE KIWANIS CLUB OF TOLEDO’S 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the centennial celebration of the Kiwanis Club of Toledo. Members will gather in downtown Toledo on Friday, September 23 to celebrate this milestone. Only the ninth club in the United States, the Toledo club was chartered on May 8, 1916. Originally thought of as a ‘‘businessmen’s club’’ to promote local business, World War 1 changed the focus to that of community serv-ice with the members raising funds for the American Red Cross’ wartime services. Club membership grew as community service be-came firmly established. Its focus was on chil-dren, with many activities for the youth of To-ledo, orphans and Boy Scouts. According to the club’s history, ‘‘The name ‘Kiwanis’ comes from a Native American term ‘Nun Keewanis’ which means ‘I make noise.’ The Kiwanis International motto is ‘We build.’ The Kiwanis Club of Toledo has taken these two expressions to heart . . . As a thriving or-ganization of men, women and youth; we are dedicated to serving the children of Toledo and improving the quality of life worldwide.’’ The Kiwanis Club’s commitment to Toledo and its young people runs deep. The Club sponsors scholarships for high school seniors, adopted central city schools and provides fun and opportunities for the children in those schools, financed the facility housing Assist-ance Dogs of America, provides for after school tutoring at the Boys and Girls Club and an annual fishing derby and Punt, Pass & Kick program, donated an elephant and the Living Stream at the Toledo Zoo, and supported var-ious activities at Woodward High School in To-ledo, the University of Toledo, the YMCA, Easter Seals Summer Camp, Toledo Hearing & Speech Center, and Bethany House shelter for women and their children. By no means complete, this list illustrates the many con-tributions made by members of the Kiwanis Club and their passion for service to our youth. In keeping with the spirit of giving to Toledo’s children, the Kiwanis Club of Toledo has initiated a Centennial Project, partnering with the Toledo Mud Hens baseball club in ventures which will enhance the ballpark expe-rience for families. The members of Toledo Kiwanis have led by example for a century of service. Members have passed on a strong sense of community through the decades, demonstrating by word and deed the high ideals of Kiwanis and the dedication of its members. To the men, women and families of the Toledo Kiwanis Club, we take the opportunity of this centen-nial celebration to say ‘‘Thank you.’’ Let us ex-press our gratitude as we reflect on the past century of Kiwanis’ constancy of service and leadership for community betterment. May this new century yield committed citizens of equal measure who rise above self to promote the common good. CONGRATULATING GINNY THRASH-ER ON RECEIVING OLYMPIC GOLD IN THE 10 METER AIR RIFLE HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Ms. Ginny Thrasher of Springfield, Virginia, on winning Olympic Gold at the 2016 Rio Olympics. Her dedication, hard work, and athletic prowess earned her the highest honor in the women’s 10 meter air rifle event. This achievement is reserved for the most elite ath-letes in the world, and I am proud one of Vir-ginia’s own has joined their ranks. Ms. Thrasher’s hard work, perseverance, and excellence are exemplified in her winning this medal. Winning the first Gold of the tour-nament, Ms. Thrasher led the way as the United States dominated their competition, winning 46 Gold medals during the 2016 Rio Olympics. We need to recognize and encour-age the dedication that athletes like Ms. Thrasher display toward their sports. It is this dedication that creates the level of excellence that Ms. Thrasher has achieved. In addition to her Olympic greatness, Ms. Thrasher also helped the West Virginia Moun-taineers win a fourth consecutive NCAA cham-pionship as she won the individual small-bore and air rifle titles at the event. She also holds more than 20 national and international records in her sport. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to highlight the importance of this award and what it rep-resents for Ms. Thrasher, our great nation, and the Commonwealth of Virginia. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Ms. Thrasher on winning Olympic Gold in the women’s 10 meter air rifle. I wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, had I been present and voting on Roll Call Number 496, I would have voted AYE. Had I been present and voting on Roll Call Number 497, I would have voted AYE. 
f 
COMMEMORATING DOUBLE TEN DAY 
HON. MIMI WALTERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, Monday, October 10 is Taiwan’s Na-tional Day—also known as Double Ten Day. The United States and Taiwan enjoy a long-standing relationship that stems from our shared values: democracy, the rule of law, and free elections. Taiwan is an increasingly important partner for our national security, and it is also one of our strongest economic part-ners. In fact, it was our ninth largest trading 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.009 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1344 September 22, 2016 
partner in 2015. Additionally, Taiwan is Califor-nia’s fifth largest export market in Asia, and seventh largest export market in the world. As Taiwan celebrates Double Ten Day, I would like to take the opportunity to support Taiwan’s participation in the international com-munity. The 39th Triennial Assembly of the International Civil Aviation Organization will take place next week. Three years ago, Con-gress enacted a law instructing the U.S. Gov-ernment to facilitate Taiwan’s participation in the International Civil Aviation Organization assembly as an observer. I am pleased to see that Taiwan is invited again this year. I wish the people of Taiwan a Happy Double Ten Day, and I look forward to many more years of the friendship with Taiwanese people. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DR. ROBERT L. WRIGHT 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a talented businessman, philanthropist, and civil rights activist, Dr. Rob-ert Lee Wright, who served as Chairman of the National Museum of African American His-tory and Culture (NMAAHC) Plan for Action Presidential Commission. Dr. Wright played an integral role in the development of this nation’s greatest tribute to the tragic but triumphant story of the African-American community. The National Museum of African American History and Culture is a crucial patch that has finally and rightfully been sewn into the quilt of Amer-ican history. Though the seams may be laden by injustice and oppression, the focal point is the recognition of the vital role African Ameri-cans played in the establishment and evo-lution of this nation and its culture, all of which would not be possible without the valuable contributions of Dr. Robert Wright. Dr. Wright’s remarkable journey began in a segregated Columbus, Georgia sweltering with the heat of racial injustice. He was the son of a bricklayer and nurse. He graduated from Spencer High School in 1955, after which he left Georgia to escape the systemic discrimi-nation of the South to pursue a degree in op-tometry from Ohio State University. However, he was not gone for long. Upon his return to Columbus to practice as a medical profes-sional, Dr. Wright became active in the Civil Rights Movement and participated in the 1965 Selma to Montgomery March. In 1968, he was elected to the Columbus City Council and served until he was appointed by President Ronald Reagan as Associate Administrator for Minority Small Business and Capital Owner-ship Development. In 1985, after his time in the Reagan Administration, Dr. Wright created Dimensions International, a successful de-fense contracting firm. In 2001, the NMAAHC Plan for Action Presi-dential Commission was established, and Dr. Wright was recommended by Congressman J.C. Watts of Oklahoma to serve on the com-mission and when the commission was orga-nized, the members elected him Chairman. As the Chairman, he was tasked by law to pro-vide President George W. Bush and Congress with an implementation plan for the museum. Wasting no time in engaging this charge, Dr. Wright and his panel produced ‘‘The Time Has Come,’’ a 2003 report that expressed the vi-sion and enumerated the administrative details for the $540 million facility. This report led Congress to enact that same year the NMAAHC Act, which established the museum within the Smithsonian Institution. Even after this victory, the process often faltered as op-position to the museum forced several de-bates on funding, location, and even the need for such a museum. But through it all, Dr. Robert Wright and his team succeeded in bringing to life the Smithsonian’s 19th mu-seum right where Dr. Wright and so many oth-ers feel it belongs—on the National Mall. The National Museum of African American History and Culture will candidly display the brutal horrors of the international slave trade and its unquantifiable and lingering effects. The museum will also celebrate the tenacity and advancement of African Americans as they remained steadfast in the belief of their worth as human beings. The museum’s jux-taposition of pain and tragedy with persever-ance and triumph mirrors the ‘‘Horatio Alger’’ story of Dr. Robert L. Wright’s life in achieving success in the face of adversity. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the millions of African Americans nationwide in recognizing Dr. Rob-ert Lee Wright for his immeasurable contribu-tions to the creation of the National Museum of African American History and Culture. We will soon celebrate the grand opening of this remarkable Museum, where people from all walks of life can gather to remember a dark period in our nation’s history, rejoice at how far we have come as a society, and reflect upon how far we have yet to go. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE OSHER LIFELONG LEARNING INSTITUTE AT GEORGE MASON UNIVERSITY ON THEIR 25TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Osher Lifelong Learning Institute (OLLI) at George Mason University (GMU), of Fairfax, Virginia on their 25th anniversary. This is an important milestone for this wonderful educational institution. The Osher Lifelong Learning Institute at GMU celebrated this anni-versary in the district on the 6th of September, and it is my pleasure to briefly highlight the impact this school has had on my constitu-ents. The Osher Lifelong Learning Institute at GMU has had a terrific history of success since first opening its doors in 1991. OLLI has stood as a pillar of education for those it serves by providing mature adults with an op-portunity to continue their learning and intel-lectual growth. OLLI offers numerous low-cost and tremendously accessible courses to their members, as they do not require participants to do homework assignments or have a col-lege degree in order to enroll. OLLI not only offers elderly residents of my district an opportunity to attend academic courses through the traditional lecture and classroom setting, but other chances to learn through a myriad of additional educational and cultural events. I truly believe that organiza-tions such as OLLI serve as an integral part of our communities by providing services that foster lifelong learning. I come from a family of educators, so I have seen firsthand how important a proper edu-cation is to the future of our nation. It is institu-tions like Osher Lifelong Learning Institute that will continue to help shape the United States’ role in the world, through offering scholastic services to our citizens. The success of this institution is a tremendous accomplishment that should make past and present faculty proud. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the Osher Lifelong Insti-tute at George Mason University for 25 years of serving citizens in my district. I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 5TH ANNUAL GOLDEN GOOSE AWARD 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Golden Goose Award, which recognizes researchers whose seemingly ob-scure, federally funded research has returned significant benefits to society. In particular, I rise today to congratulate Cornell University biologist Dr. Tom Seeley and his colleagues from the Georgia Institute of Technology, John Bartholdi, Sunil Nakrani, Craig Tovey, and John Vande Vate, who will be receiving a 2016 Golden Goose Award for their research on honey bee foraging and computer servers. Dr. Seeley, like me, is a Dartmouth College alumnus, and he has gone on to become one of the world’s leading ex-perts on bees. Working with his Georgia Tech colleagues, who are actually all engineers, Dr. Seeley conducted basic research to under-stand how honey bees forage. While some might have questioned the worth of their initial research, these researchers eventually adapt-ed their model on honey bee foraging into an innovative algorithm for assigning computer servers that is being used by Web hosting companies, impacting a rapidly expanding global market worth $50 billion. Supported in part by funding from the Na-tional Science Foundation and the Office of Naval Research, they created a model pre-dicting how honey bees would allocate them-selves in their ever-changing environment based on their known behaviors. By drawing parallels between server allocation challenges and the honey bees, they developed an algo-rithm that more efficiently, and profitably, allo-cates servers to the variable demands of the Internet than any algorithm then in use. Today, Web hosting services are utilizing al-gorithms like Tovey and Nakrani’s that mimic the behavior of natural systems to boost prof-its and more efficiently operate server farms in a rapidly growing $50 billion global market-place. The work of these scientists demonstrates the importance of continued federal invest-ment in scientific research. As a proud mem-ber of the bipartisan Science and National Labs Caucus, which seeks to encourage sci-entific advancement through federal invest-ment in research, I look forward to continuing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.013 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1345 September 22, 2016 
to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support innovation. I am pleased to congratulate these sci-entists on their valuable work to our society. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALEX C. M CDONALD 
HON. SUSAN A. DAVIS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, San Diego and the state of California recently and suddenly lost a legal giant. I lost a friend and a neighbor. Alex C. McDonald loved the law. While his initial area of expertise was in real estate law, his legal knowledge of multiple fields was ex-pansive. In a public service record that stretched more than two decades, Alex served on the state’s 4th District Court of Appeals. His mark on the law and how it impacted the people of California are indelible. Alex played key roles in rulings that would affect public safety, civil liberties and voting rights. But to those who were fortunate enough to know Alex his wry sense of humor would be among their strongest memories. My husband, Steve, and I had a front row seat to his challenging and caring nature, as our families were friends and neighbors for over 40 years. For many people service on the court would have been enough, but Alex’s impact on his community went beyond the bench. Through his role as President of the down-town San Diego Lion’s Club, Alex was instru-mental in creating Lions Community Manor. The Manor is a lifeline that provides housing for seniors, low-income families, and those liv-ing with disabilities. His legacy will continue to help those in need. He will be missed greatly in the community, but the greatest loss will be felt in the lives of his extraordinary and close knit family where his greatest pride and passion was focused. His wife, Judy, his four daughters—Katy, Annie, Margie, and Elizabeth—his sons-in-law, and his seven grandchildren are mourning the loss of a loving husband, father, and grand-father. I’m sure I speak for the people of San Diego and California as we thank Alex for his years of service and extend our deepest condo-lences to his family. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DYLAN KURTZ’S CHARITY WORK 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my constituent, Dylan Kurtz, of Great Falls, Virginia, for his tireless efforts to help those in need throughout Virginia’s 10th Congressional District. Serving others is a core value of American culture; and Dylan has taken this to heart. At the young age of 12 years old, Dylan has devoted much of his life to serving charitable causes throughout his community. Last year, Dylan focused his efforts on hunger related charities. He volunteered at food pantries, packed lunches for children who did not have food on weekends, and helped StopHungerNow! with their efforts to end world hunger. This year, Dylan decided to combine his love for charitable work and animals by helping paws4people by organizing fund-raisers and events to promote this organiza-tion. Paws4people was founded in 1999 with the purpose of using dogs to help improve the lives of both children with disabilities and vet-erans suffering from Chronic Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. The organization has 500 trained dogs which have made more than 1 million therapeutic contacts. Dylan’s work is helping make this possible. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join in recognizing Dylan Kurtz of Great Falls, Vir-ginia, for his unrelenting dedication to helping out those in his community. He serves as a shining example of what it means to be an American and I am proud to have him as a constituent. I commend him for his outstanding effort, and wish him all the best in his future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. ANDY KHAWAJA 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize Dr. Andy Khawaja, a dynamic and accomplished entre-preneur and a dedicated community philan-thropist. A natural born entrepreneur, Dr. Khawaja’s vision, philosophy, and inherent ability to innovate and lead are remarkable. Dr. Khawaja’s philosophy is ‘‘Do what you love and do it well. Don’t quit and you’ll have the keys to success.’’ In early adulthood, Dr. Khawaja achieved initial success in the high-end fashion industry as a Vice President and Buyer for the com-pany ‘Bernini.’ In just nine years, Dr. Khawaja grew ‘Bernini’ from a million dollar business to a 100 million dollar business and expanded from two stores to more than sixty stores. In 2005, Dr. Khawaja founded Allied Wallet, a venture that connects global buyers and sellers. For more than a decade, Dr. Khawaja’s bold and proactive leadership has catapulted Allied Wallet to the forefront of in-novation and advancement in the payment in-dustry and into a multi-billion dollar company. With rapid growth every year, Allied Wallet is repeatedly recognized as one of the ‘‘Fastest Growing Private Companies.’’ Andy’s fluency in five languages—English, French, Spanish, German, and Arabic—en-ables him to deliver payment tools internation-ally to diverse cultures and countries. Over the last 10 years, Dr. Khawaja drove the expansion of Allied Wallet from its head-quarters in Los Angeles to Germany, India, Macau, Hong Kong, and London. Allied Wallet now supports 164 currencies worldwide and serves over 125 million customers in 190 countries. Dr. Khawaja has been awarded with the US American Genius Award, CEO of the Year 2015 Award, Gamechanger of the Year Award, and UK Entrepreneurship of the Year 2015. Dr. Khawaja’s achievements have been recognized by dozens of major publications such as Forbes, Time Magazine, Bloomberg, Fortune, The Guardian, LA Business Journal, and Wired Magazine. His business ventures have earned major awards including Top 100 Fast Growing Com-panies, Global Payment Processing Solution of the Year, Best Workplaces for Millennials, United States Excellence Award, 500 Fastest Growing Companies 2012/2015, Guiding Hand—International Award 2014, and #1 On-line Payment Solutions Provider 2013. However, Dr. Khawaja’s achievements aren’t limited to only business. Through his generous philanthropy to the Brent Shapiro Foundation for Drug and Alcohol Awareness, Dr. Khawaja has demonstrated a tireless com-mitment to keeping Los Angeles youth safe and educated about the risks of drug and al-cohol abuse. Recently, the Lebanese American University has honored Andy with a doctorate degree in Humanitarian Studies for his meaningful phi-lanthropy worldwide. Dr. Khawaja keeps lead-ing Allied Wallet towards persistent growth and success while simultaneously juggling multiple demanding projects, including direct-ing and executive producing a reality television series, ‘‘Model Turned Superstar.’’ I commend Dr. Khawaja for his impressive achievements and consistent commitment to making Southern California a better place for all. 
f 
TAIWAN NATIONAL DAY 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, Monday, October 10 is Taiwan’s National Day—also known as Double Ten Day. I would like to take this opportunity to offer my early best wishes to the people of Taiwan. The United States and Taiwan enjoy a long-standing friendship based on shared values. I visited Taiwan earlier this year to witness the democratic process and the peaceful transfer of power. I applaud Taiwan’s embrace of indi-vidual political freedom. Taiwan is also a strong economic partner. In 2015, Taiwan became the United States’ 9th largest trading partner, and is my home state of Arkansas’ 6th largest export market in Asia. Our economic ties help us to foster our rela-tionship with Taiwan, and ensure an atmos-phere of cooperation. Additionally, the 39th Triennial Assembly of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) will take place in Montreal, Canada, beginning on September 27, 2016. Three years ago, the U.S. Congress passed a bill, later signed into law, supporting Taiwan’s in-clusion in the ICAO as an observer state. Tai-wan was first invited to the assembly in 2013, and I am happy to see that Taiwan will be in-vited again this year. The Taipei Flight Infor-mation Region (FIR), administered by Taiwan, provided over 1.53 million instances of air traf-fic control services. FIR also handled 58 mil-lion incoming and outgoing passengers in 2015, serving as an indispensable part of the global air transport network. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.016 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1346 September 22, 2016 
Again, I wish the people of Taiwan a happy Double Ten Day. I would like to congratulate Taiwan on the occasion of Double Ten Day, and I hope the friendship between our two na-tions continues to grow in the years ahead. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE NORTH-ERN VIRGINIA BENGALI ASSO-CIATION 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge the Northern Virginia Bengali Asso-ciation (NVBA), which is celebrating its 25th Anniversary this year. A quarter of a century ago, the first Bengali residents of Virginia felt a need to have their own organization. Dis-tance was barring their participation in Sanskriti, Maryland, which is the oldest Ben-gali association in the Washington, DC area. After extensive discussion and planning, the then Virginia residents decided to form a new organization of their own and called it North-ern Virginia Bengali Association, with the broad vision of nurturing and promoting Ben-gali and Indian culture through education, cul-tural, spiritual, and charitable activities. In 1990, the first community event, Saraswati Puja, was held in McLean Hall. Bengal, India, is a crucible of art and cul-ture. The Bengalis of Virginia, who have their roots in Bengal, expectedly, have a penchant for art, culture, music, and community life and strive to preserve their unique identity while intermingling with diverse ethos. They endeav-or to strike a balance between indigenous tra-ditions and cosmopolitan influences in their lifestyle and that of the next generation. The above values shape the foundation of NVBA’s mission and are reflected in its major events. The following are among NVBA’s significant achievements. They have sustained a rapid growth of members in the community in the past few years and have accommodated their social needs. They have increased the num-ber, scale, and quality of the social/cultural events organized around the year. They have improved community relations by engaging with community leaders and officials, keeping communication channels open for dialogue, and also giving them the opportunity to experi-ence Bengali culture. They have held several charitable events to help fellow citizens in the community and created a wing called ‘NVBA Cares’ to administer such initiatives. Some of the recent activities of NVBA Cares include participating in food drives by partnering with Food for Others to help struggling families. There is also an initiative to support fellow members in severe health and financial dis-tress until they are back on their feet again. NVBA has also participated in feeding the un-derprivileged in homeless shelters and helping in soup kitchens. In 2014, The Commonwealth of Virginia awarded a commendation plaque to NVBA for sharing their unique traditions with the people of this region and their positive impact on soci-ety. NVBA’s contributions were also acknowl-edged on the Virginia House of Delegates’ floor. From the founding fathers to the current board members, and countless volunteers, many individuals have worked selflessly to bring NVBA to its current stature in its 25th year since inception, relying on the simple principles of social and cultural enrichment of its members and promoting the spirit of har-mony and goodwill in the community. Mr. Speaker, this is an organization which helps the citizens of Virginia’s 10th Congres-sional District to thrive. I would ask my col-leagues to join me in congratulating the North-ern Virginia Bengali Association and wishing it a happy 25th anniversary. I wish this institu-tion continued success in the future. f 
PAKISTAN: FRIEND OR FOE IN THE FIGHT AGAINST TERRORISM? 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on May 21, 2016, a U.S. drone strike killed the leader of the Afghan Taliban, Mullah Mansour. To no one’s surprise, at the time of his death Mansour was in southwestern Pakistan. The drone strike Pakistan’s longstanding support for terrorist groups. For example, Pakistan openly supported the Afghan Taliban both be-fore and after the extremists took control of Kabul in 1996. Islamabad’s connection to terrorist groups is so close that in 2011 Admiral Mike Mullen, then chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff testified before the Senate that ‘‘the Haqqani network acts as a veritable arm of Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence agency.’’ The Inter- Services Intelligence Agency or the ‘‘ISI’’ is Pakistan’s version of the CIA. The Haqqani Network is not a nice group of people. They have killed more Americans in the region than any other terrorist group. A leaked NATO report in 2012 detailed Pakistan’s ongoing relationship with the Taliban. The report described Pakistan’s ‘‘ma-nipulation of the Taliban senior leadership’’ and claimed that the government was aware of locations of senior Taliban leaders, includ-ing some who lived in the vicinity of the ISI headquarters in Islamabad. The laundry list of evidence of Pakistan’s support for terrorists goes on and on. We all remember where al-Qaeda’s leader and Amer-ica’s most wanted terrorist Osama bin Laden was found: in Pakistan, of course. In response to the bin Laden raid, Pakistan put the doctor who helped us in jail and closed the U.S. mili-tary’s supply route from Karachi port to Af-ghanistan for 7 months. While Pakistan has been harboring and sup-porting terrorists with American blood on their hands, it also has been receiving billions in U.S. foreign assistance. In fact, Pakistan is one of the leading recipients of U.S. aid in the last 14 years. Congress has appropriated more than $33 billion to Pakistan since fiscal year 2002. One of the ways we have given Pakistan money over the years is by reimbursing them for efforts they take to fight terrorists. But a GAO study from 2008 found that the Depart-ment of Defense could not verify the validity of Pakistan’s claims. The GAO study concluded that some reimbursed costs were potentially duplicative or not based on actual activity. In 2010, Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan Ambassador Richard Holbrook said that roughly 40 percent of Pakistan’s re-imbursement requests were rejected. Each year we say that Pakistan is at the crossroads and needs to decide whether it is going to fight terrorists or fight on our side. In fact, just two months ago the State Depart-ment’s Ambassador Richard Olson, used this very line. But the United States has been using this line for the last 15 years. Enough is enough. Pakistan is playing us. They are try-ing to have it both ways. They want our money and they keep supporting terrorists who target Americans. I invited Ambassador Olson to come testify before us and explain himself, but he refused. Instead, the State Department said this was a ‘‘particularly sensitive time in our relationship with Pakistan’’. In other words, he was afraid Pakistan would come away looking bad. Well that might be just because Pakistan is bad. Now we have put conditions on aid to Paki-stan before, requiring them to really go after terrorists if they want our money. But those conditions have always had a waiver attached to them and every year, the President has ex-ercised that waiver. In other words, we paid Pakistan even though it did not go after ter-rorist groups. Well, for the first time last year, we did not include a waiver on $300 million of money for Pakistan. And guess what? Paki-stan did not get the money because it had not gone after the terrorist groups. Even when there are hundreds of millions of dollars on the line, Pakistan refuses to go after terrorist groups. The reality is that Pakistan has chosen sides. And it isn’t ours. It is time to change our policy towards Pakistan. We do not need to pay Pakistan to betray us. They will do it for free. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE M CLEAN PROJECT FOR THE ARTS 10TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MPAARTFEST 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the McLean Project for the Arts in Loudoun County for the 10th anniversary of their MPAartfest. Established in 1962, the McLean Project for the Arts has worked tire-lessly to provide opportunities for local and re-gional artists to showcase their work, to foster appreciation of contemporary art, and to offer instruction and teaching in the visual arts in many communities. The MPAartfest is an an-nual celebration in the form of an outdoor gal-lery experience highlighting the work of 52 art-ists from the area, as well as offering many other interactive activities that expose eventgoers to the arts. Some of this year’s exhibits will include the Children’s ArtWalk, an open-air gallery of ele-mentary school children’s artwork, and the Hands-On Art Studio, which gives artists of all levels the opportunity to further develop their passion. Additionally, this year’s MPAartfest will host a new branch of exciting activities in their STEAM Center. This innovative program combines STEM and the Arts for those inter-ested in architecture, robotics, and math. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.020 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1347 September 22, 2016 
The hard work done by the men and women of the McLean Project for the Arts in orga-nizing and putting on this event has helped ensure an excellent opportunity for many of my constituents to escape from life’s many stresses by providing them with a time to un-wind and enjoy the visual arts in their commu-nity. This event in McLean Central Park will be filled with great food, live music and many re-markable and interesting works of art. I am proud to have such an excellent group in my District, which is one that has been servicing local and regional communities for over 50 years. The McLean Project for the Arts has been such a positive force in teach-ing young people about the visual arts and in instructing them in how to become artists themselves. I would like to applaud this orga-nization’s dedication to the cultural enrichment of our future generations. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join in recognizing the 10th anniversary of the MPAartfest in Loudoun County, Virginia. I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING MS. BEA M CPHERSON 
HON. BOB GIBBS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Bea McPherson for her service to the United States of America during World War II as a Cartographer for the Army Map Service. Shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor, America’s Greatest Generation answered the call to combat the Axis Powers in the Euro-pean and Pacific Theaters. As personnel were reassigned to all fronts, the Army Map Service found itself in need of more patriots. Upon graduating from Kent State University, Ms. McPherson selflessly joined the Army Map Service, where she was assigned to Montgomery County, Maryland. As a Cartog-rapher, Ms. McPherson created maps used in preparation for military operations throughout Fiume, Italy and the famed Battle of the Bulge. During her service, Ms. McPherson also served as a recruiter, returning to Ohio to re-cruit other females into the Army Mapping Service. Nicknamed the ‘‘Military Mapping Maidens,’’ Ms. McPherson and other female cartog-raphers played a vital role in defense of Amer-ica and our allies abroad. Shortly after the Al-lies declared victory over Nazi Germany and Japan, Ms. McPherson resigned from the Army Mapping Service. On October 4, 2016, Ms. McPherson will be inducted into the Geospatial Intelligence Hall of Fame for making significant and trans-formative contributions to the Army Mapping Service. Mr. Speaker, it is truly an honor to represent Ms. Bea McPherson in the United States Con-gress. She established a patriotic example for all Americans to emulate and I am humbled to stand before this body to recognize Ms. McPherson’s service to our great nation. HONORING THE 80TH WEDDING AN-NIVERSARY OF SAM AND EVA JONES HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-ognition of the 80th Wedding Anniversary of Sam and Eva Jones of Marion, Illinois. Sam and Eva Jones were married on Sep-tember 27, 1936. They are lifelong residents of Southern Illinois and have remained active members of their community. The proud parents of two sons and the grandparents of three, Sam and Eva farmed and raised livestock in Williamson County, where Sam served as President of the county fair board. Additionally, Sam worked in mining and for power companies for over 30 years, while Eva worked with local youth in the coun-ty school district. Sam and Eva are also rec-ognized for their talent in square dancing, par-ticipating in dances at county fairs, community gatherings, and national events for more than 60 years. I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing a Happy 80th Wedding Anniversary to Sam and Eva Jones and thank them for their contribu-tions and service to Southern Illinois. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MRS. DARLENE E. WEIR 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the life of Mrs. Darlene E. Weir, of Leesburg, Virginia. On September 7, 2016, Mrs. Weir passed away at home surrounded by her loving husband of 57 years, Charles, and with her children, beloved grandchildren, and her great-granddaughter. Mrs. Weir was born May 4, 1933, in Eu-gene, Oregon and was the daughter of the late Oscar M. Briggs and Essie Elizabeth Cruzan Briggs. She was known for her love of children and her dedication to teaching pri-mary grade students in Fairfax County public schools for 26 years. Coming from a family of educators, I understand the importance of Americans like Mrs. Weir who help shape the future of our nation. Mrs. Weir made a great impact in her community that will not soon be forgotten. Once Mrs. Weir retired from teaching, she traveled around the globe with her husband visiting all seven continents. Mrs. Weir under-stood the importance of civic engagement and was active in grassroots politics. Both inside and outside her career, Mrs. Weir worked with conviction to preserve our country for future generations. Mrs. Weir will be sincerely missed by all those who had the pleasure of knowing her both on a personal and a professional level. I know that she has impacted many lives over the years, and we are all grateful for having known her. She is survived by her husband, Charles J. Weir, her four children, daughters, Sue Ellen Jones, and Maureen Kay Wood; her sons, Gregory Allen Weir and Jeffrey Charles Weir; and eight grandchildren; and one great- grandchild. Through them, I’m sure, her values and legacy will be assured. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the life of Mrs. Darlene E. Weir. May she rest in peace, and her family be comforted. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF EUGENE ‘‘GENE’’ GISCOMBE 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor to join The Village of Harlem and New York City in paying tribute to our beloved friend, Eugene Giscombe, known affectionately by many as ‘‘Gene’’ and the ‘‘Mayor of 125th Street,’’ who made his transition to his Lord and Savior on Sunday, July 10, 2016. In 1982, he founded Giscombe Realty Group, LLC one of Harlem’s leading commercial real estate management, consulting, leasing, development and broker-age firms. The company was a major player in the Harlem Renaissance that helped to re-verse years of decline and turn the area into one of Manhattan’s most popular places to live, work, play and raise a family. Gene Giscombe began his real estate ca-reer as a sales agent at Webb & Booker, ris-ing to become head of sales and representing major banks, such as Manufacturers Hanover Corporation, and managing office buildings such as the C.A.V. Building at 55 West 125th Street, where former president Bill Clinton maintains an office. Inspired by his grand-father Lawrence Giscombe, a successful build-er-owner in Harlem in the 1930s and 1940s, Eugene Giscombe became a beloved commu-nity leader as he grew his own company to serve a wide range of clients, including prop-erty owners, developers, financial institutions, not-for-profits, pension funds and government agencies looking to buy, lease or manage space in Harlem and New York City. Giscombe Realty Group’s headquarters, for over 35 years, was located in one of Harlem’s most iconic office buildings, the 12-story Lee Building at 1825 Park Avenue on East 125th Street, adjacent to the Metro North train sta-tion in East Harlem. Over the years, Giscombe Realty Group’s acquisitions, developments, re-locations and management ventures on the legendary 125th Street corridor included Chase Manhattan Bank, Fourth Federal Savings and Loan, New York State Supreme Court, Bechtel Infrastruc-ture, Beth Israel Medical Center, the Harlem Commonwealth Council, New York College of Podiatric Medicine, and The Jewish Theo-logical Seminary, to name a few. Gene’s asso-ciates nicknamed him the ‘‘Mayor of 125th Street’’, celebrating him for his many success-ful ventures including the biggest retail sale in Harlem’s history—the sale of 16 retail build-ings along West 125th and 126th Street Cor-ridor on Frederick Douglass Boulevard for $50 million in 2007. He was also the recipient of the Business Person of the Year award from the Harlem Business Alliance, Inc. presented by Mr. Walter Edwards. Gene Giscombe was a former chairman of the 125th Street Business Improvement Dis-trict, Community Board 10 and The Greater 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.023 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1348 September 22, 2016 
Harlem Real Estate Board. He was also a member of the Harlem YMCA Board of Direc-tors/Property Management Committee where he oversaw all construction and renovation work at twenty-one New York YMCA branches and three summer camps. He served on the Board of Directors of City National Bank of New Jersey/New York, and was the vice chair-man of the Greater Harlem Nursing Home and North General Hospital Board of Directors. In addition to his love for Harlem and real estate, Eugene Giscombe was a big-game hunter who hunted on five continents and traveled on over 17 African safaris. Always concerned about the responsibility of hunters, he became the first African-American president of the New York Tri-State Chapter of Safari Club Inter-national which is very involved in conservation projects. Gene’s memory is survived by his wife Shirley and their children Lesley, Susan and Lasalve; and brothers Gary and Ronald Giscombe. Eugene ‘‘Gene’’ Giscombe left his indelible mark as a real estate magnate and developer, community leader, philanthropist, entre-preneur, family man and big-game hunter de-voting his life to the betterment of all human-kind, community, and country. I join my con-stituents and rest of the nation as we say goodbye and pay tribute to our beloved friend, The Mayor of 125th Street, Eugene ‘‘Gene’’ Giscombe, a true American hero. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE HONOR-ABLE SENATOR CHARLES ‘‘CHUCK’’ J. COLGAN’S 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Honorable Senator Charles ‘‘Chuck’’ J. Colgan for turning 90 years old on September 25, 2016. I am honored to cele-brate the many accomplishments of one of the Commonwealth’s most dedicated civil serv-ants. Senator Colgan is best known for his time in office as the longest serving Senator in the history of the Virginia General Assembly, where he has represented the citizens of Vir-ginia’s 29th District since 1975. Senator Colgan is an example to all legislators on how to work tirelessly for the interests of your con-stituents. Chuck was able to achieve many un-dertakings over his ten term tenure in the Vir-ginia State Senate, most notably in the areas of transportation and education. Senator Colgan’s life and legislative legacy is certainly one to be recognized as it was one full of service to his constituents, common-wealth, and country. His commitment to see-ing practical legislation enacted to benefit the Commonwealth of Virginia and its citizens is extremely commendable. Senator Colgan was not afraid to work with both sides of the aisle while in office. This spirit of the political sensi-bility is without a doubt why he was able to at-tain such great success in his endeavors. It is also important to distinguish Senator Colgan’s efforts as a private citizen through his businesses in the air travel industry. Colgan Airways and Colgan Air provided not only a valuable service to Americans, but were also a source of jobs and economic growth in the communities they were based in. Senator Colgan truly embodies the ideals a citizen-poli-tician should aspire to exemplify. Mr. Speaker, I now ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing the Honorable Senator Charles ‘‘Chuck’’ J. Colgan for turning 90 years old, and to thank him for the outstanding services he provided to the Commonwealth of Virginia and the United States throughout his long-lasting career. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. f 
PROTECTING OUR WATER FROM MICROCYSTIN TOXINS 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce a bill addressing the threat to human health posed by microcystin toxins. Two sum-mers ago, a massive algal bloom exploded in western Lake Erie, generating microcystin, a bacterium causing liver damage, skin blem-ishes, and nausea. This public health threat necessitated the shutdown of the public water system for 3 days—drastically disrupting the lives of over half a million Americans. As elected officials, our first priority must al-ways be the safety and security of our con-stituents. This bill ensures that microcystin will no longer be a public health threat. It amends the Safe Drinking Water Act by requiring the EPA to determine the maximum safe contaminant level and to promulgate a national primary drinking water regulation for microcystin toxin within 2 years of its enact-ment. In realizing the threat posed by microcystin, the old adage ‘‘Mother Nature Doesn’t Lie’’ is more meaningful than ever. I commend the EPA’s work to date on generating a strategic plan for dealing with algal toxins and for pub-lishing an interim standard for microcystin. The strategic plan and current health advi-sory the EPA released are a good start, but we need a finalized standard for microcystin which endangers the people of Toledo with our recurring algal bloom problem. In addition to the public health threat, this bacterium casts a huge economic shadow over our vital and beautiful coast. Toledo’s Water Crisis cost the city government over $200,000 in cleanup costs alone, not counting untold millions in lost business and tax rev-enue. This concern is not isolated to Lake Erie. Millions of Americans across the country rely on drinking water similarly threatened by in-creasing levels of nutrient runoff, and the re-sulting toxic algal growth. A recent study from the USGS showed that algal toxins are present in over 
1⁄3of all lakes nationwide. Ad-ditionally, the Environmental Protection Agen-cy recognizes harmful algal blooms as a major environmental problem in all 50 states, with severe impacts on human health. No one should ever have to worry that the water coming from their tap is unclean and un-safe, no matter if you’re in Toledo, Ohio, Flint, Michigan, or anywhere else in this country. This bill will make us all safer. COMMEMORATING 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF HUNGARIAN REVOLU-TION HON. ANDY HARRIS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, as you may know, both of my parents fled Soviet-bloc Communism for the promise of a better and freer life here in America. With that in mind, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. Ronald Reagan once said, ‘‘Com-munism only works in two places: Heaven where they don’t need it, and hell where they already have it.’’ The Hungarian people, as much as anybody, know this to be true. The movement began on October 23rd, 1956 as a student demonstration against Soviet-imposed communist policies. The demonstration quickly spread, attracting thousands. When a group of student protestors were fired on by the State Security Police, and one of the demonstrators killed, the revolution began. Thousands orga-nized into militias, battling the police and So-viet troops in Budapest and across the coun-try. The communist government quickly col-lapsed and impromptu ‘‘workers’ councils’’ as-sumed governance of the country. Though So-viet forces eventually re-took control of the country, the Hungarian Revolution was the first major threat to Soviet control since the fall of the Nazis, and signaled the beginning of the end of the reign of Communism in Europe. That is why I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to com-mend the Hungarian people for their fight, and ultimate victory, against Communism, and commemorate the 60th anniversary of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I was one of the earliest supporters of President Obama’s ne-gotiations with Iran to prevent them from ac-quiring nuclear weapons. I supported the con-clusion of those negotiations which resulted in the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), a historic international agreement which has already limited Iran’s nuclear activi-ties. I strongly appreciate the President’s ro-bust enforcement and monitoring of Iran’s compliance with the JCPOA. During a long vote series I mistakenly voted yes on H.R. 5461 when my intention was to vote against this legislation. I oppose H.R. 5461 and any other effort to undermine the JCPOA. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ROBERT BUTT 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Robert Butt who passed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.027 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1349 September 22, 2016 
away at the age of 92 on September 18th, 2016. Robert, a World War II flight engineer and tailgunner on B–24 bombers, chose to devote his life to education after serving his nation. He received his bachelor’s degree from David-son College and his master’s in education ad-ministration from William & Mary. His first teaching experience came as a high school teacher in Georgia before he moved north to Virginia to continue his career. His time in education culminated with serving 19 years as the superintendent of schools in Loudoun County. Coming from a family of educators, I appre-ciate the invaluable role that educators play in inspiring our students. Robert’s long career in education allowed him to touch countless minds and aid them in pursuing their dreams. Furthermore, because of his success as su-perintendent, his legacy will continue to have an impact on young men and women in Loudoun County for many years to come. Robert will be sincerely missed by all those who had the pleasure of knowing him both on a personal and a professional level. I know that he has impacted many in his life, and we are all grateful for having known him. He is survived by his wife, Elinor; their daughter, Karen Broaddus, his grandchildren Aaron, Anna, Jessica and Eliza, and his six great- grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the life of, and bidding fare-well to, Robert Butt. May he rest in peace, and his family be comforted. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, on roll call Number 522, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
f 
HONORING JUNE BLACK FOR TWENTY YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES 
HON. NIKI TSONGAS 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my District Director, June Black, who has been a steadfast member of my dis-trict staff for the past nine years. Tomorrow marks June’s 20th year in public service, having spent 9 years working in my office, and 11 years working for Marty Mee-han, who previously represented this district. In 2007, June was nominated by then-Con-gressman Marty Meehan for the 2007 Con-gressman John Joseph Moakley Award for Ex-emplary Public Service, which she won thanks to her years of dedication and service. The award is presented annually to a staff member from the New England congressional delega-tion ‘‘who works steadfastly on behalf of local constituents and significant issues and dem-onstrates the ideals of public service exempli-fied by Congressman Moakley himself.’’ Since she joined my office at the end of 2007, June has served with skill in a variety of roles as a member of my Congressional staff and a dedicated public servant. June joined my staff as regional director and ran my office in Lawrence, Massachusetts, a similar role to the one she held in Rep. Meehan’s office. She also served as a guide and mentor to all of the caseworkers and economic development staff in the office. In recognition of her remark-able contributions and the relationships she has developed across the district, June subse-quently has taken on the roles of Constituent Services Director and District Director where she has helped to ensure that constituents are well served and that the companies and com-munities I represent have an accessible fed-eral partner. June has been key to ensuring that accessi-bility to the people we represent is a hallmark of my office and that we provide prompt, re-spectful and excellent service to our constitu-ents. During her tenure, she has overseen a casework operation that has responded to thousands of individual concerns and deliv-ered millions of dollars back to my constitu-ents, and she has played a principal role in helping the communities I represent see their economic development vision realized. She is an effective and knowledgeable federal liaison who helps constituents and communities bet-ter navigate and access the wide array of services provided by the federal government. June is well-known and very well respected in the communities she represents; a reputa-tion that is well earned after two decades of service to this region. That service and experi-ence brings institutional knowledge, aware-ness and appreciation of the social and eco-nomic challenges facing our constituents. It also gives her a unique understanding of how to navigate federal services and long-standing familiarity of many of the district’s economic development projects. She has deep and meaningful relationships with key stakeholders and elected officials throughout Essex County in the Northern part of my district and beyond. As a native of Lawrence, Massachusetts, June’s affinity for this region is evident in her commitment to her work and the mutual re-spect she shares with the constituents and community leaders with whom she interacts. She is someone who has dedicated her career to public service, particularly to having an im-pact on the city of Lawrence, and helping that city realize its potential. Every day, June demonstrates a sincere commitment to the constituents of this district as well as to innovative methods of serving her community and our country. I am honored to have her on my staff and appreciate the op-portunity to recognize a truly remarkable mem-ber of my staff, whose individual achievements are so deserving, on this notable milestone. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JIM AMDOR 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jim Amdor of Corning, Iowa, for being selected as Adams County’s 2016 inductee into the Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame. Jim has been involved with 4–H since be-coming a member of the Adams County Jas-per Specialists in the 1950s. His family has a long history of volunteering with 4–H and Jim has carried on that family tradition well. He has lent his expertise in livestock to 4–H events by judging and speaking at various county fairs all throughout the state. The com-mitment that Jim has shown young people in-volved in 4–H is unparalleled. The entire 4–H organization is lucky to have someone of Jim’s caliber inducted into their hall of fame. Mr. Speaker, Jim’s efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Jim for his achievements and wish him nothing but continued success. f 
RECOGNIZING CEDAR HILL COLLE-GIATE’S COMMITMENT TO STEM EDUCATION 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the students, parents, and faculty of Cedar Hill Collegiate for their commitment to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics en-richment, and for participating in my annual Science and Technology Braintrust. The teachers at Cedar Hill Collegiate are committed to ensuring that our country’s youth is exposed to a STEM curriculum, which is paramount to the future of our country. A prev-alent theme amongst successful STEM profes-sionals is the curiosity and drive instilled by their teachers at a young age. We must con-tinue to invest in schools that highlight a STEM education, so that all students will have an opportunity to one day be an astrophysi-cist, doctor, engineer, or a geologist. Mr. Speaker, Cedar Hill Collegiate is a true advocate of STEM education and deserves recognition for its work. With great pride I can say that because of this school’s commitment to STEM education, our country’s youth is gaining the skills needed to compete in a rap-idly globalizing world. 
f 
VOTING RIGHTS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 21, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, thank you to my friend, Congresswoman S
EWELL , for leading this special order and for all her work to em-power underrepresented voices in our country. I also want to thank my good friend and col-league, Assistant Democratic Leader J
AMES  C
LYBURN , for his tireless leadership of the Democratic Outreach and Engagement Task Force. I also want to thank him for coming to my district for the town hall meeting I hosted about voting rights. Under his guidance, the taskforce held forums across the country and heard from thousands of constituents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.032 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1350 September 22, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, it is clear—we need to ur-gently protect voting rights. That is why I rise today as a member of the Democratic Outreach and Engagement Task Force to challenge this House to do the right thing and protect the sacred right of Ameri-cans to vote. Last summer, the Voting Rights Act cele-brated its 50th anniversary. Tragically, five decades after this monumental legislation was passed, the voting rights of Americans are under unprecedented attack. After the Supreme Court callously and care-lessly gutted the Voting Rights Act in its Shelby v. Holder decision, Republicans in state legislators have fallen over themselves to institute a wave of voting restrictions across the country. Make no mistake, these restrictions amount to nothing more than a modern day poll tax. We shouldn’t be erecting unnecessary and dangerous barriers to the ballot box. We should empower Americans to participate in our democracy. Yet, time and time again—this Congress and the Judiciary Committee have refused to take action. Instead of protecting our sacred right to vote, this Congress is allowing that right to be eroded. Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve better. It’s past time for us to do our job. Right now, there is bipartisan legislation waiting for action. The Voting Rights Amend-ment Act (H.R. 885) would reinstate the much needed preclearance statute to ensure that in-fringements on voting rights are addressed long before Election Day. Long before an American is denied their right to vote, a right that millions have fought and died for—from the Revolution to Neshoba County. Likewise, the Voting Rights Advancement Act (H.R. 2867) also re-establishes the preclearance system and our discharge peti-tion has 181 signatories—I encourage all of my colleagues to sign it and help us protect the voting rights of all Americans. However, it’s past time that we do more. We must empower voters, every day Americans, to have a stronger, more powerful voice in our democracy. That’s why I am so proud to have co-spon-sored the Voter Empowerment Act (H.R. 12) offered by the great Civil Rights champion, Congressman J
OHN LEWIS. This legislation would empower voters by modernizing voter registration and utilizing new technologies at the ballot box. Mr. Speaker, it’s past time to pass these bills. It’s past time to do our jobs. As our great drum major for peace and jus-tice, Dr. King, once said: ‘‘Give us the ballot, and we will fill our legislative halls with men of goodwill.’’ Mr. Speaker, let’s show the American peo-ple some goodwill and allow them to vote, un-obstructed. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BOBBI AND JIM WILLIAMS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Bobbi and Jim Williams of Greenfield, Iowa, for being se-lected as Adair County’s 2016 inductees into the Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame. Bobbi Williams began her career in 4–H as a member of the Lee Blue Ribbons, the club her great-grandmother organized. She enjoyed home improvement and food and nutrition projects, but most wanted to show livestock. She joined the boys’ 4–H club and began showing Hereford steers at the county and state fair. She was leader of her daughter’s club, Adair County Wing Walkers, and was honored as a 4–H Alumna in 2010. Jim Williams has volunteered with a number of 4–H committees and events throughout the years. He has been especially committed to the youth of Adair County, and has dedicated his time to Adair County 4–H Youth Action Committee. He promotes and supports youth activities by encouraging local businesses and individuals to provide whatever support they can. Mr. Speaker, Bobbi and Jim Williams’ efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Bobbi and Jim for their achieve-ments and wish them nothing but continued success. f 
RECOGNIZING C-STEM TEACHER AND STUDENT SUPPORT SERV-ICES, INC.’S COMMITMENT TO STEM EDUCATION 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the students, parents, and faculty of C-Stem Teacher and Student Support Services, Inc. for their commitment to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics enrichment, and for participating in my annual Science and Technology Braintrust. The faculty at C-Stem Teacher and Student Support Services, Inc. are committed to ensur-ing that our country’s youth is exposed to a STEM curriculum, which is paramount to the future of our country. A prevalent theme amongst successful STEM professionals is the curiosity and drive instilled by their teachers at a young age. We must continue to invest in schools that highlight a STEM education, so that all students will have an opportunity to one day be an astrophysicist, doctor, engi-neer, or a geologist. Mr. Speaker, C-Stem Teacher and Student Support Services, Inc. is a true advocate of STEM education and deserves recognition for its work. With great pride I can say that be-cause of this organization’s commitment to STEM education, our country’s youth is gain-ing the skills needed to compete in a rapidly globalizing world. RECOGNIZING CHILDREN’S HUN-GER FUND ON THEIR 25TH ANNI-VERSARY HON. TONY CA´RDENAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate Children’s Hunger Fund on the cele-bration of their 25th anniversary. I am proud of what this organization has ac-complished over their long tenure of service to our community. Children’s Hunger Fund was established in 1991 by president and founder Dave Phillips. Since then, CHF has delivered food and, ultimately, hope to children and fam-ilies in need in the U.S. and around the world for 25 years. Children’s Hunger Fund located in Sylmar, is in my district in the San Fernando Valley, the neighborhood right next door to Pacoima, where I grew up. After the Northridge earthquake struck in 1994, Children’s Hunger Fund was instru-mental in making sure Valley families had blankets and food. The help provided by Children’s Hunger Fund is felt at home and also around the world. In 1998, CHF sent aid to Chernobyl children and boots and blankets to boys in Si-berian prisons. CHF helped victims and families after the attacks on the World Trade Center in New York, and after the 2004 tsunami. The vision started in the San Fernando Val-ley has been replicated all around the country. In just 25 years, CHF has built a global net-work of aid, while never forgetting the need in our local communities. While I regret not being able to attend in person, I am honored to congratulate Chil-dren’s Hunger Fund on their 25th Anniversary Celebration this Saturday, September 24, 2016. I hope they will continue their record of de-livering food and hope to children and families in the San Fernando Valley and across the world. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TED BENSHOOF 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ted Benshoof of Winterset, Iowa for being selected as Madison County’s 2016 inductee into the Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame. The Iowa 4–H Foun-dation hosts the 4–H Hall of Fame induction ceremony at the Iowa State Fair each year. Iowa counties select Hall of Fame inductees for their contributions to the lives of 4–H mem-bers and the overall 4–H program. Ted has left a lasting impact on the Madison County 4– H program through his unwavering commit-ment as a volunteer. On pig weigh-in days at the Madison County 4–H/FFA show, he has been known to go around to each member’s home, making sure those who are unable to make it still have the opportunity to weigh-in their entries. His actions are a testament to his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.036 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1351 September 22, 2016 
dedication to the 4–H youth of Madison Coun-ty. Mr. Speaker, Ted’s efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Ted for his achievements and wish him nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING H.D. WOODSON ACADEMY OF ENGINEERING HIGH SCHOOL’S COMMITMENT TO STEM EDUCATION 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the students, parents, and faculty of H.D. Wood-son Academy of Engineering High School for their commitment to science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics enrichment, and for participating in my annual Science and Tech-nology Braintrust. The teachers at H.D. Woodson Academy of Engineering are committed to ensuring that our country’s youth is exposed to a STEM cur-riculum, which is paramount to the future of our country. A prevalent theme amongst suc-cessful STEM professionals is the curiosity and drive instilled by their teachers at a young age. We must continue to invest in schools that highlight a STEM education, so that all students will have an opportunity to one day be an astrophysicist, doctor, engineer, or a ge-ologist. Mr. Speaker, H.D. Woodson Academy of Engineering is a true advocate of STEM edu-cation and deserves recognition for its work. With great pride I can say that because of this school’s commitment to STEM education, our country’s youth is gaining the skills needed to compete in a rapidly globalizing world. 
f 
PHYLLIS SCHLAFLY 
HON. GARY J. PALMER 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, with the passing of Phyllis Schlafly America lost one of its greatest women leaders. I first met Phyllis around 1990 shortly after I began work with the Alabama Family Alliance, which later be-came the Alabama Policy Institute. I was tre-mendously impressed with her intellect and clarity on American culture and politics. She ranks with William F. Buckley as one of the intellectual giants who helped launch the modern conservative movement. Phyllis had the clarity of thought and the communication skills of Reagan that gave her the ability to connect with women and men from all walks of life. In many respects, she was America’s version of Margaret Thatcher. Her self-pub-lished book, ‘‘A Choice, Not An Echo,’’ had an enormous impact on the 1964 Republican Convention that resulted in Barry Goldwater winning the party’s nomination for president. That book eventually sold over 3 million cop-ies and launched her nationally as one of the most influential conservatives in American his-tory. Mrs. Schlafly was a prolific writer with 18 more books, as well as a gifted speaker. In 1972 Phyllis founded Eagle Forum and successfully led the effort to prevent the ratifi-cation of the so-called Equal Rights Amend-ment. The Ladies Home Journal ranked her among the 100 most influential women of the 20th Century. Frankly, she should be ranked among the 100 most influential leaders of the 20th Century regardless of gender. I am proud to have had the opportunity to know her and work with her and her colleagues at Eagle Forum. Phyllis Schlafly lived by her faith and values to the very end and left a great legacy as an American leader for all Americans. f 
TRIBUTE TO SANDRA AND GLEN STOVER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sandra and Glen Stover of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wed-ding anniversary. They were married on July 30, 1966 in Terre Haute, Indiana. Sandra and Glen’s lifelong commitment to each other, their children, grandchildren, and great-granddaughter truly embodies Iowa val-ues. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JEFFERSON ACAD-EMY’S COMMITMENT TO STEM EDUCATION 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the students, parents, and faculty of Jefferson Academy for their commitment to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics en-richment, and for participating in my annual Science and Technology Braintrust. The teachers at Jefferson Academy are committed to ensuring that our country’s youth is exposed to a STEM curriculum, which is paramount to the future of our country. A prev-alent theme amongst successful STEM profes-sionals is the curiosity and drive instilled by their teachers at a young age. We must con-tinue to invest in schools that highlight a STEM education, so that all students will have an opportunity to one day be an astrophysi-cist, doctor, engineer, or a geologist. Mr. Speaker, Jefferson Academy is a true advocate of STEM education and deserves recognition for its work. With great pride I can say that because of this school’s commitment to STEM education, our country’s youth is gaining the skills needed to compete in a rap-idly globalizing world. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO LIEUTEN-ANT COLONEL ROCKO RODRI-GUEZ 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, on September 13, 2016, Air Force Major Rocko Rodriguez was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. I was then grateful to par-ticipate in his promotion ceremony on Sep-tember 23rd. Rocko has been serving in my office as an In-Resident Intermediate Development Edu-cation Student attending the Air Force Legisla-tion Liaison Fellowship Program. Rocko was commissioned in 2001 through the Officer Training School at Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama. He distinguished him-self early as a leader, holding various posi-tions in special operations, space operations, and cyber operations. Rocko has also honor-ably served in Operations Iraqi and Enduring Freedom and Southern Watch and Deny Flight. This year, Rocko will receive his Masters of Science degree from Georgetown University Government Affairs Institute. When he finishes in my office he will transition to work at the U.S. Cyber Command Legislative Affairs Branch. I would also like to offer best wishes to his wife, Sarah, and daughters Kaitlyn and Natalie and sons Troy and Timothy with his father Mi-chael Rodriguez and mother-in-law Susan Burke, because behind every man and woman in uniform is a dedicated family. In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and may the President by his actions never forget September 11th in the Global War on Ter-rorism. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAT AND RICHARD PERKINS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Pat and Richard Perkins of Shenandoah, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on August 6, 1966. Pat and Richard’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.040 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1352 September 22, 2016 
RECOGNIZING M CKINLEY TECH-NOLOGY HIGH SCHOOL’S COM-MITMENT TO STEM EDUCATION 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the students, parents, and faculty of McKinley Technology High School for their commitment to science, technology, engineering, and math-ematics enrichment, and for participating in my annual Science and Technology Braintrust. The teachers at McKinley Technology High School are committed to ensuring that our country’s youth is exposed to a STEM cur-riculum, which is paramount to the future of our country. A prevalent theme amongst suc-cessful STEM professionals is the curiosity and drive instilled by their teachers at a young age. We must continue to invest in schools that highlight a STEM education, so that all students will have an opportunity to one day be an astrophysicist, doctor, engineer, or a ge-ologist. Mr. Speaker, McKinley Technology High School is a true advocate of STEM education and deserves recognition for its work. With great pride I can say that because of this school’s commitment to STEM education, our country’s youth is gaining the skills needed to compete in a rapidly globalizing world. 
f 
ON H.R. 5719 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, today, the House voted on another unpaid-for tax cut by approving H.R. 5719, which would increase the deficit by more than $1 billion. I believe the bill’s purpose has merit. It can encourage companies to share more profits with their em-ployees and help create more new busi-nesses. If we could vote on the fully-offset Senate version, it would certainly have my support. But I opposed this bill because Re-publicans have our priorities backwards. While Republicans refuse to provide aid to national emergencies—like helping stop the spread of the Zika virus, or providing funds for the peo-ple of Flint, Michigan—unless every dollar is offset by cuts in other parts of the budget, we continue to vote on more billion-dollar tax cuts without offsetting a single penny. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELOISE AND HAROLD DINSMORE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Eloise and Harold Dinsmore of Farragut, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They were married on August 3, 1956. Eloise and Harold’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
‘‘VAN JONES: HOW TPP THREAT-ENS OUR PROGRESS ON CLI-MATE CHANGE’’ ON 14 SEP-TEMBER 2016 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. LEE . Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following op-ed. 
In the past month, wildfires forced tens of thousands of people across California to evacuate their homes. Over the same period, historic floods in Louisiana destroyed or damaged more than 60,000 homes, uprooting families and ruining lives. Whether fire or water, we know that human-induced climate change is making natural disasters more frequent and more in-tense. So why are some in Washington pushing hard for a policy that would make climate change considerably worse? This fall, Congress is likely to vote on the Trans-Pacific Partnership—an agreement among 12 nations along the Pacific Rim. While billed as a ‘‘free trade’’ deal, most of the TPP is actually about creating new rights for multinational corporations, in-cluding the big polluters most responsible for the climate emergency. Under the TPP, the biggest global firms— including many responsible for offshore drill-ing and fracking—would be able to sue Amer-ican taxpayers over laws and regulations that are meant to protect public health and the environment. Rather than suing in reg-ular courts, these corporations would, through the TPP, be able to sue before unac-countable arbitration panels—each panel made up of three corporate lawyers—who could award unlimited cash compensation. Similar rules in other trade deals have al-ready made possible nearly 700 such law-suits—including efforts to challenge the U.S. rejection of the Keystone XL pipeline and a moratorium on fracking in Quebec. What does this mean for California? TPP would allow multinational corpora-tions that own gas-fired power plants from Alameda County to San Diego County to threaten state restrictions on carbon emis-sions—including some of the new world-lead-ing standards recently passed in Sac-ramento. The deal would also vastly increase the number of fracking firms and offshore drilling companies that could challenge our protections. But it’s not about just dirtier air and water or more susceptibility to climate risks. It’s also about jobs. Because TPP would threaten a successful California rebate program for green tech-nologies that are made in-state, the deal could result in the elimination of good-pay-ing green jobs in fields like solar and wind manufacturing and energy efficiency. Green jobs employ all kinds of people—truck driv-ers, welders, secretaries, scientists—all across the state. These jobs can pull people out of poverty while protecting the planet. Given that California has lost an estimated 413,000 manufacturing jobs since America en-tered NAFTA and the World Trade Organiza-tion, we can’t afford to pass a new trade deal and again undermine people’s livelihoods. But there’s good news. Labor, environ-mental and social justice leaders now oppose the TPP, as do both major presidential nomi-nees, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, and Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid. Still, some in Washington are scheming to pass the TPP during Congress’s ‘‘lame duck’’ session after the election. While most mem-bers of California’s Congressional delegation firmly oppose the deal, some remain on the fence. As the consequences of climate change get clearer, the case against the TPP gets stronger. f RECOGNIZING CENTRAL CITY PUB-LIC CHARTER SCHOOL, BRIGHTWOOD CAMPUS’S COM-MITMENT TO STEM EDUCATION 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the students, parents, and faculty of Central City Public Charter School, Brightwood Campus for their commitment to science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics enrichment, and for participating in my annual Science and Tech-nology Braintrust. The teachers at Central City Public Charter School, Brightwood Campus are committed to ensuring that our country’s youth is exposed to a STEM curriculum, which is paramount to the future of our country. A prevalent theme amongst successful STEM professionals is the curiosity and drive instilled by their teachers at a young age. We must continue to invest in schools that highlight a STEM education, so that all students will have an opportunity to one day be an astrophysicist, doctor, engi-neer, or a geologist. Mr. Speaker, Central City Public Charter School, Brightwood Campus is a true advo-cate of STEM education and deserves rec-ognition for its work. With great pride I can say that because of this school’s commitment to STEM education, our country’s youth is gain-ing the skills needed to compete in a rapidly globalizing world. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAN AND JOHN HUSMANN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jan and John Husmann of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary on July 30, 2016. Jan and John’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa val-ues. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.047 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1353 September 22, 2016 
may their commitment grow even stronger as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
NATIONAL MUSEUM OF AFRICAN AMERICAN HISTORY AND CUL-TURE 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the opening of the National Museum of African American History and Culture this Saturday, September 24, 2016. As the nineteenth museum to join the Smithsonian Institution, the National Museum of African American History and Culture joins the world’s largest museum, education, and research complex. It is the only national mu-seum devoted exclusively to the documenta-tion of African American life, history, and cul-ture. When the Smithsonian was founded in 1846, the United States was a far less perfect union than the one we live in today, and the idea of a museum that would tell the story of African Americans could hardly have been imagined. Yet there can be no denying that the story of America and its vitality, resilience, and optimism are rooted and reflected in the African American experience. In the words of Lonnie G. Bunch III, found-ing director of the National Museum of African American History and Culture, ‘‘there are few things as powerful and as important as a peo-ple, as a nation that is steeped in its history.’’ As Members of Congress, we have the privilege of representing the entirety of the American people and working in the ‘‘People’s House’’ and under the glorious dome of our U.S. Capitol and its crowning feature, the Stat-ue of Freedom. In the pages of history, you will find extensive information about the archi-tect of the Capitol, the artist who designed the Statue of Freedom, and the foundry owner who was commissioned for the casting of the statue. What is less known is the story of Phil-ip Reid, the enslaved laborer of the foundry owner who was the only known slave working on Freedom and instrumental to its successful casting in bronze. Philip Reid worked on the casting of Free-dom from 1860 through 1862, despite the be-ginning of the Civil War and its toll on con-struction of the Capitol. When the statue was finally completed and placed atop the Capitol Dome in 1863, Reid had become a free man thanks to the Compensated Emancipation Act signed by President Lincoln. The story of Philip Reid is the story of America, and only one of the many histories and cultural contributions that will be shared with the American public at the National Mu-seum of African American History and Culture. Like the building of the U.S. Capitol, the cre-ation of this museum has taken almost a cen-tury, but its time has finally come. Today, we celebrate its opening and its trib-ute to generations of Americans past, present and future and the defining way in which our country has been shaped by our African American brothers and sisters. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I recall the words of the Harlem Renaissance poet Langston Hughes who wrote that ‘‘America is a dream . . . not my dream alone, but our dream. Not my world alone, but your world and my world.’’ Let us all share in this great dream made real together. f 
INTRODUCTION OF A RESOLUTION COMMEMORATING THE OPENING OF THE SMITHSONIAN’S NA-TIONAL MUSEUM OF AFRICAN AMERICAN HISTORY AND CUL-TURE 
HON. JOHN LEWIS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer a bipartisan resolution which recognizes the opening of the Smithsonian’s National Mu-seum of African American History and Culture (NMAAHC) on Saturday, September 24, 2016. I am so proud that over 110 of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle have joined me as original cosponsors. This weekend will mark a historic moment in our Nation’s history. Hundreds of thousands of people will convene in Washington, D.C. on the National Mall to celebrate and welcome this historic institution which is dedicated to documenting African American life, history, art, and culture. Many people in this body, across the nation, and around the world shall cele-brate this great day. Tonight, I applaud Dr. Lonnie Bunch, III, the Founding Director, Kinshasha Holman Conwill, the Deputy Director, Cheryl Smith, Chief of Staff, and the hundreds and thousands of peo-ple who worked so hard to make this dream a reality. For over 10 years, they have toiled day in and day out to prepare for the opening and operation of the National Museum of Afri-can American History and Culture. I know that the leadership and staff of the Museum have labored tirelessly for years and years—designing the building, raising funds, envisioning the exhibits, collecting artifacts, conducting research, and meeting with the many people across this country and around the world who are so excited about this his-toric moment. Mr. Speaker, I thank each and every one of them for their hard work, dedica-tion, and determination to the National Mu-seum of African American History and Culture. Mr. Speaker, the National Museum of Afri-can American History and Culture took over 100 years to evolve from a dream to a reality in the Nation’s Capital on the National Mall. The most recent congressional effort began with the late former Congressman Thomas ‘‘Mickey’’ Leland from Texas who revitalized the legislation in 1985. I was proud to continue his work and fought for 15 years for the bill to pass the House and Senate before finally being signed into law by President George W. Bush. It was a long, hard, labor of love, and there were so many wonderful Members on both sides of the aisle and the dome, who helped accomplish this mission which spanned gen-erations, decades, and movements. In 1993, the late Senator Paul Martin Simon from Illi-nois introduced a companion to the House legislation. Beginning in 2001, former Senator Sam Brownback from Kansas, former Senator Max Cleland from Georgia, and former Sen-ator Chris Dodd from Connecticut joined the House coalition which included Representa-tives William ‘‘Bill’’ Clay from Missouri, J.C. Watts, Jr. from Oklahoma, and Jack Kingston from Georgia who helped take this bipartisan, bicameral effort across the finish line. Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I did not also thank some of the former congressional staff who worked for so many years to pass the legislation which authorized the Museum— Tammy Boyd in my office; Kern Watson with former Rep. J.C. Watts; LaRochelle Young with former Sen. Sam Brownback: and Donni Turner with former Sen. Max Cleland. They re-fused to give up; they refused to give in, and we thank them for their hard work and service. On the eve of this long-awaited day, I join with more than 110 of my colleagues in con-gratulating Smithsonian Institution’s family, the countless staff, and many volunteers of the National Museum of African American History and Culture on their persistence, their deter-mination, and—very, very soon—on their suc-cess. Tonight, we should all be proud, and each and every one of us must take the necessary hours, days, weeks, and months to visit, learn, explore, and reflect on the Smithsonian’s Na-tional Museum of African American History and Culture and all that it signifies and entails. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CLARINDA LIONS CLUB 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 70th anniversary of the Clarinda Lions Club of Clarinda, Iowa. The members of this service club exemplify the Lions motto: ‘‘We Serve.’’ The Clarinda Lions Club members demonstrate this philosophy of selfless volunteer service each and every day. The Clarinda Lions Club was chartered by Lions International in June 1946. Lions Inter-national began in 1917, when a Chicago busi-nessman encouraged his local business club to go beyond business and focus on improving their communities and the world. After con-tacting other service groups to join this new effort, Lions International was born. Lions Clubs offer a number of services to the com-munities they serve. The Clarinda Lions Club puts on an annual pancake meal to raise funds to benefit the community, sponsors the Santa House during the holiday season, and participates in the SightFirst international pro-gram to help restore sight and prevent blind-ness. They also assist local residents with repurposing unwanted prescription glasses and send glasses overseas to people who have limited vision care. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate the Clarinda Lions Club for the difference they continue to make in their community. Over the past 70 years, their members have been dedi-cated to helping and serving others, and it is a great honor to recognize them today. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.052 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1354 September 22, 2016 
Representatives to join me in congratulating the Clarinda Lions Club for their many accom-plishments. I wish them nothing but continued success in all their future endeavors. 
f 
H.R. 5461 & H.R. 5931 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise re-garding H.R. 5461, the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act and H.R. 5931, the misleadingly named Prohibiting Future Ran-som Payments to Iran Act. Regional stability in the Middle East and en-suring that Iran is prevented from acquiring a nuclear weapon are top national security prior-ities of the United States and they are the rea-sons that, after very careful consideration, I chose to support the JCPOA. That agreement has already dramatically reduced Iran’s stock-pile of enriched nuclear material and subjects the country to a strenuous verification regime. For all these reasons, I will support the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act and op-pose H.R. 5931. Iran’s hugely wealthy and powerful Revolu-tionary Guard has been identified by leading international institutions, including the State Department, as a driving force behind Iran’s sponsorship of terrorism around the world. The Los Angeles Times estimated in 2007 that the IRGC, which was tasked with rebuilding the country after the Iran-Iraq War, ‘‘now has ties to more than one hundred companies that control roughly $12 billion in construction and engineering capital.’’ In a 2012 country report on terrorism, the State Department noted ‘‘a marked resurgence of Iran’s state sponsorship of terrorism, through its Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps—Quds Force, its Ministry of In-telligence and Security, and Tehran’s ally Hezbollah.’’ H.R. 5461 will help illuminate the IRGC’s control of a wide array of Iran’s assets. The Treasury Secretary will be required to develop and post online in English, and the three main languages used in that country, a list of assets held by Iran’s political and military leaders. The list will include a description of how these assets were acquired and how they have been employed. The bill will not only help make Iran’s citizens more aware of how corrupt their government is, the reporting requirements may help to shed additional light on the ways Iran’s Revolutionary Guard funds terrorism. By contrast, H.R. 5931 would provide Iran with an excuse to abandon its JCPOA obliga-tions and resume its nuclear enrichment activi-ties. The bill purports to codify the long held position of the U.S. not to pay ransoms to ter-rorists, but the bill is much more than that. H.R. 5931 would prohibit the U.S. Government from making cash payments of any kind to Iran, even ones the U.S. is legally obligated to make. The most recent payment made to Iran by the U.S., for example, was owed to it as a result of a weapons sale that occurred in the days before the revolution. The U.S. was cer-tainly not going to fulfill this obligation by sending Iran weapons, so the U.S. agreed to fulfill the contract instead with cash. Addition-ally, because the U.S. is a signatory to the Al-giers Accords, there will be more payments in the future. Under that agreement, the U.S. is legally obligated to comply with the determina-tions of the Iran/U.S. Claims Tribunal. The re-cent payment made to Iran was a part of the settlement reached by that body. There are over a thousand more claims pending before the Tribunal. The JCPOA is not based on trust. It is based on verification. According to the IAEA, Iran has, so far, complied with its obligations under the JCPOA. Faithfully observing the ob-ligations of that agreement, especially the verification protocols, are in the national secu-rity interest of the United States and we must avoid providing the Iranians with an excuse not to uphold their side of the bargain. For that reason, I cannot support this bill. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VIOLA AND DARWIN BROCKMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Viola and Darwin Brockman of Hancock, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They were married on July 24, 1956. Viola and Darwin’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE ‘‘APOLLO 1’’ MEMORIAL BILL 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the ‘‘Apollo 1 Memorial Act’’. The Nation’s success in human spaceflight is well documented. As-tronauts are American heroes. John Glenn, Neil Armstrong, and Sally Ride. These are some of the familiar names that our children read about in their textbooks. Unfortunately, success in human spaceflight has come at a high cost. Brave men and women have paid the ultimate cost in the name of space exploration. On January 27, 1967, Astronauts Command Pilot Virgil I. ‘‘Gus’’ Grissom, Senior Pilot Ed-ward H. White II, and Pilot Roger B. Chaffee were killed in an electrical fire that broke out inside their Apollo 1 Command Module on Launch Pad 34 at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. Although all three astronauts were posthumously awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor, it is surprising that we do not have a memorial to honor the lives of the crew of Apollo 1 as was done for the Space Shuttle Challenger and Columbia crews. This bill would redress that unfortunate omission. As Arlington National Cemetery is where we recognize heroes who have passed in the service of the Nation, it is fitting on the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 1 accident that we acknowledge these astronauts by building a memorial in their honor. This bill would di-rect the Secretary of the Army, in consultation with the Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration (NASA), to construct at an appropriate place in Arlington National Cemetery, a memorial marker hon-oring these fine men. In addition to $500,000 from the Army’s fis-cal year 2017 operations and maintenance ap-propriated funds, the bill provides the NASA Administrator with the authority to accept do-nations of services, money, and property for the memorial marker. In closing Mr. Speaker, on the eve of the 50th anniversary of the Apollo accident, we have the opportunity to honor these three brave men and their contribution to America’s preeminence in human spaceflight. It is time to build a memorial so that current and future Americans never forget their sacrifice. I am pleased to be joined by Chairman JEFF M
ILLER and Representatives M ARK TAKANO , C
ORRINE BROWN , DONNA EDWARDS and G US B
ILIRAKIS as an original cosponsor of this leg-islation, and I hope that it can be swiftly en-acted into law. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LEONA AND TOM STUART 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 22, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Leona and Tom Stuart of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very spe-cial occasion of their 60th wedding anniver-sary. They were married on July 15, 1956 at St. Paul’s Lutheran Church in Neola, Iowa. Leona and Tom’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22SE8.055 E22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D966 Thursday, September 22, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5961–S6069 Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and one reso-lution were introduced, as follows: S. 3380–3392, and S. Con. Res. 51.
                                        Pages S6038–39 
Measures Reported: S. 1040, to direct the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the National Academy of Sciences to study the vehicle handling requirements proposed by the Commission for recreational off-highway vehi-cles and to prohibit the adoption of any such re-quirements until the completion of the study, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–357) S. 650, to extend the positive train control system implementation deadline, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S6038 
Measures Passed: Advancing Hope Act: Senate passed S. 1878, to extend the pediatric priority review voucher pro-gram, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                   Pages S6062–64 
Coats (for Sanders) Amendment No. 5090, relative to termination of authority.
                                 Page S6063 
Federal Aviation Administration Veteran Tran-sition Improvement Act: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation was discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 2683, to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S6064 
Coats (for Hirono) Amendment No. 5091, relative to the Federal Aviation Administration.
        Page S6064 
Measures Considered: Legislative Branch Appropriations Act—Agree-ment: Senate began consideration of H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, after agreeing to the motion to proceed, and taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:                                                                    Pages S5968–71 
Pending: McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S5968 
McConnell Amendment No. 5083 (to Amend-ment No. 5082), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                            Page S5968 
McConnell Amendment No. 5084 (to Amend-ment No. 5083), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S5968 
McConnell Amendment No. 5085 (to the lan-guage proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 5082), to change the enactment date.
            Page S5968 
McConnell Amendment No. 5086 (to Amend-ment No. 5085), of a perfecting nature. 
                                                                                    Pages S5968–69 
McConnell motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 5087, to change the en-actment date.
                                                               Page S5969 
McConnell Amendment No. 5088 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 5087), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                             Page S5969 
McConnell Amendment No. 5089 (to Amend-ment No. 5088), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S5969 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082 (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of September 22, 2016, a vote on cloture will occur at 2:15 p.m., on Tuesday, September 27, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S5987 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082. 
                                                                                            Page S5989 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that if cloture is invoked on McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082, cloture be consid-ered to have been invoked at 6 p.m. on Monday, September 26, 2016.
                                               Page S6064 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that Senate resume consideration of the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22SE6.REC D22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D967 September 22, 2016 
at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, September, 26, 2016, that the filing deadline for first-degree amend-ments be at 4 p.m., on Monday, September 26, 2016, and that the filing deadline for second-degree amendments be at 12 p.m., on Tuesday, September 27, 2016.
                                                                       Page S6064 
Appointments: National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity: The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to Public Law 110–315, appointed the following individual to be a member of the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity: Steven VanAusdle of Washington vice Cameron Staples of Connecticut.
                                                                 Page S6064 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Nathan Bruce Duthu, of Vermont, to be a Mem-ber of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2022. John D. Minton, Jr., of Kentucky, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the State Justice In-stitute for a term expiring September 17, 2019. Chase Rogers, of Connecticut, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the State Justice Institute for a term expiring September 17, 2018. Tulinabo Salama Mushingi, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Senegal, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea-Bissau. 2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S6064–69 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S6037–38 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6038 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S6038 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S6038 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S6039 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6040–43 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6036–37 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6043–62 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6062 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 5 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, Sep-tember 26, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6064.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NATIONAL SECURITY CHALLENGES Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States national security challenges and ongoing military operations, after re-ceiving testimony from Ashton B. Carter, Secretary, and General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, Chair-man, Joint Chiefs of Staff, both of the Department of Defense. HUD INSPECTION PROCESS OVERSIGHT Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Subcommittee on Housing, Transportation, and Community Development concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Housing and Urban Development inspection process, including S. 3219, to provide standards for physical condition and management of housing receiving assistance pay-ments under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937, and S. 3083, to provide housing oppor-tunities in the United States through modernization of various housing programs, after receiving testi-mony from Senators Nelson and Rubio; Ed Olsen, University of Virginia, Charlottesville; Tracy Grant, Eureka Gardens Tenants’ Association, Jacksonville, Florida; Josh Lewis, Riviera Beach Police Depart-ment, Riviera Beach, Florida; and Vincent F. O’Donnell, Auburndale, Massachusetts. NATURAL RESOURCES LEGISLATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine S. 346, to withdraw certain land located in Curry County and Josephine County, Oregon, from all forms of entry, appropria-tion, or disposal under the public land laws, loca-tion, entry, and patent under the mining laws, and operation under the mineral leasing and geothermal leasing laws, S. 437, to provide for congressional ap-proval of national monuments and restrictions on the use of national monuments, to establish require-ments for the declaration of marine national monu-ments, S. 1416, to amend title 54, United States Code, to limit the authority to reserve water rights in designating a national monument, S. 2056, to provide for the establishment of the National Vol-cano Early Warning and Monitoring System, S. 2380, to require the Secretary of the Interior to es-tablish a pilot program for commercial recreation concessions on certain land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, S. 2681, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to retire coal preference right lease applications for which the Secretary has made an affirmative commercial quantities determination, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22SE6.REC D22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD968 September 22, 2016 
to substitute certain land selections of the Navajo Nation, to designate certain wilderness areas, S. 2991, to withdraw certain land in Okanogan Coun-ty, Washington, to protect the land, S. 3049, to des-ignate the Organ Mountains and other public land as components of the National Wilderness Preserva-tion System in the State of New Mexico, S. 3102, to promote conservation, improve public land man-agement, and provide for sensible development in Pershing County, Nevada, S. 3167, to establish the Appalachian Forest National Heritage Area, S. 3192, to designate a mountain peak in the State of Mon-tana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’, S. 3203, to provide for economic development and access to resources in Alaska, S. 3204, to provide for the exchange of Fed-eral land and non-Federal land in the State of Alaska for the construction of a road between King Cove and Cold Bay, S. 3254, to provide for a land ex-change involving certain National Forest System land in the State of South Dakota, S. 3273, to make technical corrections to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, S. 3312, to extend the authorization of the Uranium Mill Tailings Radiation Control Act of 1978 relating to the disposal site in Mesa County, Colorado, S. 3315, to authorize the modification or augmentation of the Second Division Memorial, S. 3316, to maximize land management efficiencies, promote land conservation, generate education fund-ing, S. 3317, to prohibit the further extension or es-tablishment of national monuments in the State of Utah except by express authorization of Congress, H.R. 1838, to establish the Clear Creek National Recreation Area in San Benito and Fresno Counties, California, to designate the Joaquin Rocks Wilder-ness in such counties, and H.R. 2009, to provide for the conveyance of certain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School Dis-trict and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona, after receiving testimony from Senators Reid and Sullivan; Neil Kornze, Director, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior; and Leslie Weldon, Dep-uty Chief, National Forest System, Forest Service, Department of Agriculture. TERMINALLY ILL PATIENTS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine ex-ploring a right to try for terminally ill patients, in-cluding S. 2912, to authorize the use of unapproved medical products by patients diagnosed with a ter-minal illness in accordance with State law, after re-ceiving testimony from Peter Lurie, Associate Com-missioner for Public Health Strategy and Analysis, Office of Policy, Planning, Legislation, and Analysis, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services; Ian C. Calderon, Cali-fornia State Assembly, Sacramento; Jim Neely, Mis-souri State Representative, Jefferson City; Lieutenant Commander Matthew Bellina, USN (Ret.), Holland, Pennsylvania; Richard Garr, Neuralstem, Inc., Del Rey, California; Andrew McFadyen, The Issac Foun-dation, Campbellford, Ontario; and Frank Mongiello, and Luke Mongiello, both of Yardley, Pennsylvania. AGENCY REGULATORY GUIDANCE Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-eral Management concluded a hearing to examine agency regulatory guidance, after receiving testimony from Howard Shelanski, Administrator, Office of In-formation and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Manage-ment and Budget; M. Patricia Smith, Solicitor, De-partment of Labor; and Amy McIntosh, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary Delegated the Duties of the Assistant Secretary of Education, Office of Plan-ning, Evaluation and Policy Development. COSMETIC DEVELOPMENT AND SAFETY Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine explor-ing current practices in cosmetic development and safety, including S. 1014, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety of cosmetics, after receiving testimony from Senators Feinstein and Collins; Beth Lange Jonas, Personal Care Products Council, and Scott Faber, Environ-mental Working Group, both of Washington, D.C.; Wilma Bergfeld, Cosmetic Ingredient Review Expert Panel, Cleveland, Ohio; and Curran Dandurand, Jack Black LLC, Carrollton, Texas. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22SE6.REC D22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D969 September 22, 2016 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 48 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6116–6163; and 11 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 160–161; and H. Res. 882–890 were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H5862–66 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5866–67 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 6004, to modernize Government informa-tion technology, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–783, Part 1); H.R. 954, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt from the individual mandate certain individuals who had coverage under a terminated qualified health plan funded through the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO–OP) program, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–784); and H.R. 5303, to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–785, Part 1).
     Page H5862 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Webster (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5803 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:29 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H5814 
Consideration of Presidential Veto Message: Agreed by unanimous consent that, notwithstanding the order of the House of July 25, 2016, further consideration of the veto message and the bill, H.R. 1777, is postponed until the legislative day of De-cember 9, 2016.
                                                         Page H5833 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:19 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:25 p.m.
                                                   Page H5833 
Empowering Employees through Stock Owner-ship Act: The House passed H.R. 5719, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax treatment of certain equity grants, by a yea-and- nay vote of 287 yeas to 124 nays, Roll No. 544. 
                                                                Pages H5822–30, H5834–35 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
                                            Page H5822 
H. Res. 875, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 3438) and (H.R. 5719) was agreed to yesterday, September 21st. Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Modernizing Government Technology Act of 2016: H.R. 6004, amended, to modernize Govern-ment information technology;                     Pages H5830–33 
Amending the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms: H.R. 1296, amended, to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms; and
                      Pages H5841–42 
Redesignating the small triangular property lo-cated in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Rob-ert Emmet Park’’: H.R. 4564, to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’. 
                                                                                    Pages H5842–44 
Recess: The House recessed at 7:47 p.m. and recon-vened at 8:46 p.m.
                                                   Page H5856 
Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act: The House passed H.R. 5931, to provide for the prohibition on cash payments to the Government of Iran, by a recorded vote of 254 ayes to 163 noes, Roll No. 554.
              Pages H5818 22, H5833–34, H5844–58 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–64 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                            Page H5848 
Agreed to: Royce amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–781) that clarifies prohibited forms of payment to Iran, to include monetary instruments and pre-cious metals;
                                                         Pages H5849–50 
Pompeo amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–781) that prohibits the U.S. government from making ransom payments;
                            Pages H5850–52 
Pompeo amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–781), as modified, that imposes sanctions on Iranians involved in kidnapping or unjustly detain-ing US citizens; and
                                         Pages H5852–53 
Duffy amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 114–781) that prohibits cash and precious metal payments to designated state sponsors of terrorism and North Korea in addition to Iran.
     Pages H5853–54 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22SE6.REC D22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD970 September 22, 2016 
Rejected: Engel amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 114–781) that sought to require the President to no-tify Congress of a payment made to any State Spon-sor of Terrorism or North Korea pursuant to a set-tlement or judgment against the United States; re-quires the President to report on pending claims be-fore the Iran-US Claims Tribunal (by a recorded vote of 176 ayes to 238 noes, Roll No. 553). 
                                                                                    Pages H5854–57 
Agreed that the Clerk be authorized to make technical and conforming changes to reflect the ac-tions of the House.
                                                   Page H5859 
H. Res. 879, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5931) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 178 noes, Roll No. 543, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 236 yeas to 175 nays, Roll No. 542. 
                                                                                    Pages H5833–34 
Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures which were debated on Tuesday, September 20th: Social Security Must Avert Identity Loss (MAIL) Act of 2016: H.R. 5320, amended, to restrict the in-clusion of social security account numbers on docu-ments sent by mail by the Social Security Adminis-tration, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 414 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 545;
            Pages H5835–36 
United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act: H.R. 5946, amended, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competi-tion in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 415 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 546;
                                           Pages H5836–37 
Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act: H.R. 2285, amended, to improve enforcement against trafficking in cultural property and prevent stolen or illicit cultural property from financing ter-rorist and criminal networks, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 415 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 547;
                                                                                  Page H5837 
Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers Restraining Excessive Sei-zure of Property through the Exploitation of Civil Asset Forfeiture Tools Act: H.R. 5523, amended, to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out seizures relating to a structuring transaction unless the prop-erty to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of con-cealing the violation of another criminal law or regu-lation, and to require notice and a post-seizure hear-ing for such seizures, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 415 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 548; 
                                                                                    Pages H5837–38 
Modernizing Government Travel Act: H.R. 5625, amended, to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employ-ees traveling on official Government business, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 415 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 549;
                                       Pages H5838–39 
Program Management Improvement Account-ability Act: S. 1550, amended, to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project management in cer-tain Federal agencies, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 404 yeas to 11 nays, Roll No. 550;
                Page H5839 
District of Columbia Judicial Financial Trans-parency Act: H.R. 4419, amended, to update the fi-nancial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 414 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 551;
                                                                          Pages H5840–41 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To up-date the financial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts and to make other improvements to the District of Columbia courts.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H5840 
Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016: H.R. 5963, amended, to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 382 yeas to 29 nays, Roll No. 552; 
                                                                                    Pages H5840–41 
District of Columbia Courts and Public De-fender Service Voluntary Separation Incentive Payments Act: H.R. 5037, amended, to authorize the establishment of a program of voluntary separa-tion incentive payments for nonjudicial employees of the District of Columbia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 413 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 555; and
                                                                         Page H5858 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’: H.R. 5798, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 392 yeas to 22 nays with one an-swering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 556.
             Pages H5858–59 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, September 26th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H5859 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22SE6.REC D22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D971 September 22, 2016 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H5841. Senate Referrals: S. 1878 was referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. S. 2683 was held at the desk.
                                                                   Page H5860 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Twelve yea-and-nay votes and three recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H5833–34, H5834, H5835, H5835–36, H5836, H5837, H5837–38, H5838–39, H5839, H5839–40, H5840–41, H5856–57, H5857 58, H5858 and H5858–59. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:44 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
REHABILITATION OF THE CHESAPEAKE BAY: HEALING IN THE BAY THE VOLUNTARY WAY Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Conserva-tion and Forestry held a hearing entitled ‘‘Rehabili-tation of the Chesapeake Bay: Healing in the Bay the Voluntary Way’’. Testimony was heard from Jason Weller, Chief, Natural Resources Conservation Service, Department of Agriculture; and Russell Redding, Secretary, Pennsylvania Department of Ag-riculture. DISCUSSION DRAFT TO MODERNIZE MULTIEMPLOYER PENSIONS Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Discussion Draft to Modernize Multiemployer Pensions’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MIDTERM REVIEW AND UPDATE ON THE CORPORATE AVERAGE FUEL ECONOMY PROGRAM AND GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS STANDARDS FOR MOTOR VEHICLES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade; and Sub-committee on Energy and Power, held a joint hear-ing entitled ‘‘Midterm Review and Update on the Corporate Average Fuel Economy Program and Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards for Motor Ve-hicles’’. Testimony was heard from Paul Hemmersbaugh, Chief Counsel, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration; Janet McCabe, Acting Assistant Administrator, Office of Air and Radiation, Environmental Protection Agency; and public wit-nesses. MODERNIZING THE TELEPHONE CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Modernizing the Telephone Consumer Pro-tection Act’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. THE ANNUAL REPORT OF THE FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Annual Report of the Finan-cial Stability Oversight Council’’. Testimony was heard from Jacob J. Lew, Secretary, Department of the Treasury. EXAMINING THE AGENDA OF REGULATORS, SROS, AND STANDARDS–SETTERS FOR ACCOUNTING, AUDITING, AND MUNICIPAL SECURITIES Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Agenda of Regulators, SROs, and Standards-Setters for Ac-counting, Auditing, and Municipal Securities’’. Tes-timony was heard from Wesley R. Bricker, Interim Chief Accountant, Office of the Chief Accountant, Securities and Exchange Commission; Jessica Kane, Director, Office of Municipal Securities, Securities and Exchange Commission; and public witnesses. DIPLOMACY AND SECURITY IN THE SOUTH CHINA SEA: AFTER THE TRIBUNAL Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Diplomacy and Security in the South China Sea: After the Tri-bunal’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a markup on H.R. 2189, the ‘‘Walter Patterson and Werner Foerster Justice and Extradition Act’’; and H.R. 3833, to require a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram. H.R. 2189 and H.R. 3833 were forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. IDENTIFYING THE ENEMY: RADICAL ISLAMIST TERROR Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency held a hearing entitled ‘‘Identifying the Enemy: Radical Islamist Terror’’. Testimony was heard from George Selim, Director, Office of Community Partnerships, Depart-ment of Homeland Security; former Representative Hoekstra; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22SE6.REC D22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD972 September 22, 2016 
OVERSIGHT OF UNITED STATES IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of United States Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement’’. Testimony was heard from Sarah Saldan˜a, Director, Immigration and Customs Enforcement. TREATING THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC: THE STATE OF COMPETITION IN THE MARKETS FOR ADDICTION MEDICINE Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Treating the Opioid Epidemic: The State of Competition in the Markets for Addic-tion Medicine’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee con-cluded a markup on H.R. 564, ‘‘Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act’’; H.R. 2387, the ‘‘Alaska Native Veterans Land Allotment Equity Act’’; H.R. 5780, the ‘‘Utah Public Lands Initiative Act’’; H.R. 5984, the ‘‘Pechanga Band of Luiseno Mission Indians Water Rights Settlement Act’’; and S. 3028, the ‘‘Daniel J. Evans Olympic National Park Wilderness Act’’. The following bills were or-dered reported, as amended: H.R. 564, H.R. 2387, and H.R. 5780. The following bills were ordered re-ported, without amendment: H.R. 5984 and S. 3028. EXAMINING PRESERVATION OF STATE DEPARTMENT FEDERAL RECORDS; BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee concluded a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Preservation of State Department Federal Records’’ and held a business meeting to consider a resolution and report recommending that the House of Rep-resentatives find Bryan Pagliano in Contempt of Congress for Refusal to Comply with a Subpoena Duly Issued by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The resolution recommending that the House of Representatives find Bryan Pagliano in Contempt of Congress for Refusal to Comply with a Subpoena Duly Issued by the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform was agreed to, as amended. EXAMINING MISCONDUCT AND MISMANAGEMENT AT THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Mis-conduct and Mismanagement at the National Park Service’’. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Interior officials: Michael Reynolds, Deputy Director for Operations, National Park Serv-ice; Kelly Martin, Chief of Fire and Aviation Man-agement, Yosemite National Park, National Park Service; and Brian Healy, Fisheries Program Man-ager, Grand Canyon National Park, National Park Service. CLOSING THE TALENT GAP IN FEDERAL IT Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Information Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Closing the Talent Gap in Federal IT’’. Testimony was heard from Joan Ferrini-Mundy, As-sistant Director, Education and Human Resources, National Science Foundation; and public witnesses. EXAMINING BILLION DOLLAR WASTE THROUGH IMPROPER PAYMENTS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Examining Billion Dollar Waste through Improper Payments’’. Testimony was heard from David Mader, Controller, Office of Federal Fi-nancial Management, Office of Management and Budget; Sheila Conley, Deputy Chief Financial Offi-cer, Department of Health and Human Services; Laurie Park, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Finance, Department of Health and Human Services; Marianna LaConfora, Assistant Deputy Commissioner for Policy and Chair of the Improper Payments Board, Social Security Administration; and Jeff Schramek, Assistant Commissioner, Bureau of Debt Management Services, Department of Treasury. 
Joint Meetings 
ATROCITIES IN IRAQ AND SYRIA Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission concluded a hearing to examine atrocities in Iraq and Syria, focusing on relief for survivors and accountability for perpetrators, after receiving testi-mony from Chris Engels, The Commission for Inter-national Justice and Accountability; David Scheffer, Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law, Chicago, Illinois; Stephen M. Rasche, Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil, Erbil, Iraq; William Canny, United States Conference of Catholic Bishops’ Migration and Refugee Services, Washington, D.C.; and Carl A. Anderson, Knights of Columbus, New Haven, Connecticut. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22SE6.REC D22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D973 September 22, 2016 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5303, the ‘‘Water Resources Development Act of 2016’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22SE6.REC D22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD974 September 22, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, September 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 5325, Legislative Branch Appropriations Act. The filing deadline for first-degree amendments to McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 5082, and to the bill is at 4 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Monday, September 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E1353 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1344 Bost, Mike, Ill., E1347 Ca´rdenas, Tony, Calif., E1350 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1342 Cole, Tom, Okla., E1337 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1341, E1342, E1343, E1344, E1345, E1346, E1346, E1347, E1348, E1348 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1341 Davis, Susan A., Calif., E1345 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1348 DesJarlais, Scott, Tenn., E1339 Gibbs, Bob, Ohio, E1347 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1338, E1340 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E1338, E1341, E1342 Harris, Andy, Md., E1348 Hice, Jody B., Ga., E1337 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1339 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E1340 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1349, E1350, E1351, E1351, E1352, E1352, E1354 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1343, E1348 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E1337 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1344 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E1340 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E1341 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1341, E1349, E1352 Lewis, John, Ga., E1353 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1337, E1339 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E1338 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E1343 Palmer, Gary J., Ala., E1351 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1342, E1346 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E1342, E1347 Reichert, David G., Wash., E1349 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E1345 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1339 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1338, E1340 Smith, Adrian, Nebr., E1338 Tsongas, Niki, Mass., E1349 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1352, E1354 Walters, Mimi, Calif., E1343 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E1345 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1351 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1339 Young, David, Iowa, E1349, E1350, E1350, E1351, E1351, E1352, E1352, E1353, E1354, E1354 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Sep 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D22SE6.REC D22SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST