Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H17 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6, 2016 No. 3 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, January 11, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
WEDNESDAY , JANUARY 6, 2016 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, January 6, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
YAN A. C
OSTELLO to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
RAIDS BY THE OBAMA ADMINIS-TRATION ON FAMILIES FROM CENTRAL AMERICA MUST STOP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, over the holidays, the Obama administra-tion sent a very special Christmas greeting to immigrant families. They launched a series of home raids tar-geting Central American asylum seek-ers and immigrant families with chil-dren. As its New Year’s resolution, it is clear the Obama administration is em-barking on a new enforcement initia-tive to deport Central Americans who entered the U.S. in 2014. Last weekend, 121 children and adults were taken into custody, and most were sent to private family detention centers—a kind of privately run, for- profit family jail. They will probably be deported, just like the 2 million be-fore them deported by President Obama. How they are treated and whether they get meaningful due process re-mains a question mark. What is unde-niable is that such raids strike max-imum fear in immigrant communities. The government is saying they could be coming to your house, and they could be coming at any time. Already, we are seeing signs of panic. We hear that children aren’t going to school and parents aren’t going to work out of fear. Not even a week into the new year, and 2016 has turned into one of fear and hiding. But let us be clear: Deporting fami-lies will not solve the violence and cor-ruption that push people from El Sal-vador, Guatemala, and Honduras to risk assault, rape, and murder to seek refuge in the United States. Deporting families will not weaken the gangs who terrorize and extort their own people in Central America. Deporting families will not solve America’s immigration problem. Deporting families will not strengthen border security. Deporting families will not create legal channels that allow immigrants to come with visas instead of smugglers. Deporting families will not reduce the insatiable demand in the United States for the very drugs that fuel the gangs, the guns, the smuggling operations, and the ruthless violence in Central Amer-ica. The raids by the Obama administra-tion on families from Central America must stop. They are a cruel reminder of a discredited policy. We do not want to repeat the scenes from April 2000 when armed agents forcibly took Elian Gonzalez from his house in Miami. That vision of terror is seared into America’s memory and should not be repeated. But even the raid on the home of Elian Gonzalez was carried out after all peaceful means of negotiation were ex-hausted. Surely there is a better way to take action when people have ex-hausted all of their legal remedies than to send armed agents into neighbor-hoods, apartment complexes, and fam-ily homes. Those who are being deported are the ones most likely to have no attorney, no understanding of the laws and the practices of immigration courts, and now could be vulnerable to attack and murder back in Central America. The fact is that some of the people the U.S. Government has deported in the past years have ended up dead in days or weeks after their return. We have to make sure that same tragic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.000 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH18 January 6, 2016 
fate does not wait for the individuals and families the government is cur-rently rounding up. Along with other Members of Con-gress, I am seeking answers from Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson as to why this policy is need-ed, why it was launched to instill fear in immigrant households over the Christmas holidays, and why family de-tention centers I have been trying to close are now filling up with new fami-lies awaiting deportation. This is not the Democratic Party’s solution to immigration questions, nor should it be America’s. We expect heat-ed calls for raids and deportation from the other side. We hear their calls for walls, bigger jails, and further restric-tions on legal immigration. We will fight their efforts to erect religious or economic barriers to who can qualify for a chance to come to America. Our party has rejected those calls with good reason. Americans want order and legality in immigration, not deportations and families forcefully split apart or exiled. We do not need to repeat that scene multiplied by hun-dreds or thousands of times across our Nation. What we need to do is not easy, but it is the right thing to do. We need to take steps to solve the problems of gangs, weak and corrupt governments in Central America, and people who have no hope for a brighter future right here on our continent. Serious aid is more than giving more money to the police departments of those countries. It is more than put-ting U.S. personnel in those countries to tell moms and dads, no, you can’t seek refuge in the U.S. It is more than working with Mexico at its southern border. We need to give mothers and fa-thers and children a way to live in their own countries. I have gone to the detention centers in Texas and met with the moms and the kids who were detained there when they came to the United States. One woman summed up their plight con-cisely by saying: L
UIS, in Honduras, my family and I could live in poverty, but we could not live in peace. Raids will not bring her peace. Raids will not bring us order. Raids will only bring misery. 
f 
TEACH ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about a growing problem in the United States: Employers across our country have millions of job openings but are unable to find workers with the skills needed to fill those jobs. According to a recent study by CareerBuilder, nearly 50 percent of em-ployers nationwide cannot find skilled workers to fill open positions. Many of these jobs are located in lucrative ca-reer fields like welding, emergency medical response, electrical engineer-ing, robotics, and carpentry. This gap between employers and our workers is holding our economy back; it is exacerbating our unemployment problem; it is hurting our commu-nities; and it is placing unneeded pres-sure on our families. The American economy needs quali-fied workers with the skills and drive necessary to fill these open jobs. I be-lieve part of the answer to how we ad-dress this problem is career and tech-nical education. Career and technical education, or CTE, is simply education that specializes in the skilled trades, applied sciences, information tech-nology, and similar disciplines. Career and technical education oc-curs in schools across America. In my home State of West Virginia, about 65,000 students each year participate in CTE courses. Those who do are much more likely to succeed. Over 80 percent of West Virginia participants meet in-dustry-driven performance require-ments for the technical skills they re-ceive, and 95 percent go on to addi-tional postsecondary education, the workforce, or the military. I hear about CTE all the time as I travel across my district in West Vir-ginia and visit schools and community colleges. I have seen the classrooms and the students whose eyes light up when they show off their work. I have spoken to the faculty and administra-tors who have committed their careers to training up a next generation work-force, and I know that just a little more support will make a huge dif-ference. While there is no silver bullet to our Nation’s unemployment problem, addi-tional investment in CTE is one way to help put people back to work and grow our economy. The skills provided by CTE are some of the most highly sought-after skills in our economy today. But ironically enough, these are the hardest jobs to fill in the United States because of the lack of adequately trained individuals. According to a recent study by the Manufacturing Institute, over 2 million manufacturing jobs will go unfilled in the next decade because of the skills gap. I believe we can help. That is why I joined with seven of my colleagues to introduce H.R. 4263, the TEACH Act, also known as the Technical Education and Career Help Act. My bipartisan bill will invest in our CTE programs by providing new re-sources for the technical education teachers without authorizing any new spending. My bill will authorize the Higher Education Act’s teacher resi-dency grant program to be used to help schools recruit and train high-quality CTE teachers. This is currently not al-lowed. My bill will increase the quality of training that students receive by re-cruiting midcareer professionals in rel-evant technical fields. Having teachers with real work experience in the fields that they teach will ensure students receive the best training. I would like to thank Congress-woman KATHERINE CLARK for cospon-soring this bipartisan bill with me, along with Representatives R
ODBLUM, B
RUCE POLIQUIN , TOMMACARTHUR , JIM L
ANGEVIN , P ETE AGUILAR , and A MI B
ERA. Our bill has been endorsed by a broad group of experts, including the Alliance for Excellent Education, the American Federation of Teachers, the Associa-tion for Career and Technical Edu-cation, and the Future Farmers of America. My bill is an example that Repub-licans and Democrats can work to-gether. My bill will help provide new hope to our communities by equipping hardworking West Virginians and all Americans with skills they can actu-ally use. We need to invest in career and tech-nical education now or we will miss out on this important opportunity. I en-courage my colleagues in the House to support the TEACH Act and consider the important difference it would make across our great country. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE AND THE PATH FORWARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, traditionally we start the new year on a note of hope. Notwithstanding trou-bled headlines and difficulties home and abroad, the new year is an oppor-tunity to consider the future afresh, to reflect on opportunities, past accom-plishments, and new opportunities. I appreciate President Obama begin-ning the new year with a continued focus on gun safety. His modest pro-posal was greeted with predictable op-position and scorn as some Republican politicians attempted to distort it all out of proportion and to change the subject to a nonissue: confiscation of the guns of law-abiding Americans when, in fact, virtually all responsible American gun owners support reason-able background checks to make it more difficult for people we all agree should not be armed to get guns. It is interesting to speculate on what would have been the response in to-day’s superheated, contentious polit-ical climate with the efforts of a gen-eration ago to reduce the carnage on our highways from unnecessary auto deaths or the hundreds of thousands of people who became addicted to ciga-rettes and died of cancer and heart dis-ease. There would have been screams of outrage about the nanny state and po-litical correctness, that the govern-ment was going to take cigarettes away from people because it knew what was best for them. It was going to force people to pay unconscionable levels of tax that would fall on the poor, that a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.002 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H19 January 6, 2016 
more aggressive auto engineering pro-gram was the government telling the private sector and the consumer what was best for them, that it would drive up the cost of automobiles, and that it would have law enforcement interfere with people having an innocent drink on a night on the town. Most telling would have been the ar-gument that this really wouldn’t make any difference, that none of these steps would stop people from smoking or reckless driving on the roadways. Peo-ple would still die. Those excuses for inaction are de-monstrably false a generation later. We have cut the rates of adult smoking in half and saved millions of lives. The carnage on our highways has been dra-matically reduced and American fami-lies are safer. It is important to have perspective going forward. Yes, there is no single solution to gun violence. But the fact remains that the United States is unique among developed countries, being unable to protect our families from unacceptable levels of death at the hands of the deranged or the care-less. There are things we can do to make a difference, and the public is willing to accept them. I begin this new year hopeful that we don’t have to accept Capitol Hill as an island of denial, whether it is the threat from climate change or the potential to do some-thing about gun violence to make our families safer. Last year, there were times when we in Congress came together and pro-duced some constructive results. At the State and local level, people are not waiting for our Republican col-leagues to come to their senses to deal with carbon pollution or gun violence. They are taking action. I am hopeful that we will be able to broaden the conversation about what, in fact, we can do: tone down the rhet-oric and find steps on issues that are both contentious and even those where there is basically no disagreement but we simply haven’t gotten around to taking action. b1015 There are clear opportunities for us to broaden that agenda. We can avert a crisis in Gaza from a lack of water and adequate sanitation. We could pass Representative M
URPHY ’s bipartisan mental health bill. We could link food and farm policy with new awareness and research. Let’s not in 2016 have the opportuni-ties for cooperation and progress drowned with political vitriol. Let’s co-operate where we can, focus on solu-tions even where we can’t, and set the stage for giving Americans what they deserve: a government not in denial, a Congress willing to cooperate and to face problems, large and small, so as to make progress rather than to revel in discord and hyperbole in order to win votes in contentious primaries. Let’s focus on what we can get done and do it. We will feel better, and the Amer-ican public will be better served. f 
RECOGNIZING HUMAN AND SEX TRAFFICKING AWARENESS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD) for 5 minutes. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize January as Human and Sex Trafficking Awareness Month. Mr. Speaker, let’s call sex trafficking what it is. It is modern-day slavery that exploits our society’s most vulner-able. Unfortunately, sex trafficking is the fastest growing business of any or-ganized crime in the world. This isn’t a faraway problem. In the United States, it is an estimated $9.8 billion industry and, sadly, children aged 12 to 14 are the largest at risk for sex trafficking. This is absolutely disgusting. Last year we passed important legis-lation aimed at stopping sex traf-ficking, but the fight is far from over. It is our collective obligation to do ev-erything that we can to put a defini-tive end to this modern-day slavery, which is why we must come together as a country, we must come together as a Congress, to do everything we can to stop this disgusting crime. 
MENTAL WELLNESS MONTH  
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mental Wellness Month. To this point, our government’s ap-proach to mental health has consisted of ineffective and disjointed policies. Too often, those in need of care end up either in jail or on the streets because adequate services are simply not avail-able. I am proud to be a cosponsor of the Helping Families in Mental Health Cri-sis Act, which would help the Nation’s broken mental health system and care for those who are most in need. This bipartisan bill would improve effectiveness and efficiency in Federal programs that help people, with a focus on early intervention and prevention programs in addition to suicide preven-tion. I want to thank my friend T
IM M
URPHY for his leadership on this bill. I am glad that the administration this week recognized the importance of mental health programs in reducing gun violence, but we need a long-term legislative fix if we are really going to make progress on solving the mental health crisis in our Nation. That is why, in recognition of Mental Wellness Month, I call on my col-leagues to pass this bipartisan bill and to stop playing partisan games with people’s lives. 
WAUKEGAN HIGH SCHOOL JUNIOR RESERVE  
OFFICER TRAINING CORPS  
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Waukegan High School Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps, which is celebrating its 100th anniversary this week. Waukegan’s program is the oldest JROTC program in the Nation. It was created before the national JROTC pro-gram was instated in late 1916. Its ini-tial purpose was to prepare high school young men for military service during World War I. This organization has come a long way over the past century, as half of the cadets of this 777-member corps are young women. The Waukegan High School JROTC offers a curriculum not only of mili-tary training, but also of good leader-ship and citizenship skills. Students re-ceive an education of flag and military structure, self-discipline and guidance on personal, financial, college, and ca-reer planning. Of the 777 cadets, 75 per-cent go on to postsecondary education and 10 percent serve in our military. Congratulations to the Waukegan High School JROTC for this program and for leading and being a strong and positive representative for our Wau-kegan community. f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S GUN VIOLENCE EXECUTIVE ACTIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud President Obama’s executive actions taken this week to reduce gun violence in Amer-ica. These policies will help keep guns out of the hands of criminals and dan-gerous individuals and will prevent gun trafficking, while also protecting the Second Amendment rights of respon-sible, law-abiding citizens. With over 30 Americans killed by guns every single day, inaction is not an option. In my nearly 3 years in Con-gress, House Republican leadership has refused to do anything on gun violence, not one hearing, not a single vote. In facing Congress’ inertia, President Obama did what was necessary to ad-dress a threat to our long-term na-tional security and economic stability. While we can’t stop every criminal from committing every crime, we can take actions that will save lives, and President Obama’s executive actions will do just that. Under these commonsense changes, everyone who profits from the sale of firearms will be required to obtain a li-cense. It shouldn’t matter if you sell a gun in a store, online, or at a gun show. It is the sale of a dangerous weapon, and the seller should make sure the buyer is safe, responsible, and law-abid-ing. It is a sobering fact that the major-ity of gun deaths in the United States is from suicide. Expanding Federal funding for mental health services and streamlining States’ abilities to report data to the background check system are essential to keeping guns out of the hands of the dangerously mentally ill. President Obama’s executive actions make essential strides in advancing smart gun technology. If you can use a thumbprint to get into your iPhone, there is no reason that the same tech-nology can’t be invented so that guns won’t fire without the right finger-print. If a gun would only fire when it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.023 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH20 January 6, 2016 
is held by the right owner, stolen guns would be inoperable, drastically de-creasing firearm deaths. Similarly, just like there are childproof caps on aspirin, there should be childproof guns. This will help pro-tect children from accidentally dis-charging firearms. Smart gun tech-nology is centuries old. Smith & Wesson invented the first childproof trigger over 150 years ago. While President Obama’s executive actions are crucial steps to reducing the senseless gun violence that is plaguing our Nation, they don’t ab-solve Congress of its moral responsi-bility to act. There are gaps in existing gun laws that leave us all vulnerable to gun violence. These holes are ones that only Congress can plug. I have two commonsense bills which will complement President Obama’s ex-ecutive actions and help bring a reduc-tion in firearm mortality. The first bill, H.R. 224, the Recog-nizing Gun Violence as a Public Health Emergency Act, would require the Sur-geon General to submit an annual re-port to Congress on the public health impact of gun violence. The bill cur-rently has 135 cosponsors, and I hope that this commonsense proposal can get an up-or-down vote this year. For the past 20 years, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health have been prevented from conducting re-search on firearms. This lack of data has limited academic research on guns, and it has prevented Congress from ob-taining the data it needs to craft impactful legislation. The second bill, H.R. 225, the Firearm Safety Act, would close the loophole which prevents the Consumer Product Safety Commission from creating rules regarding the safety of firearms. Quite simply, if the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission can regulate teddy bears, bicycle helmets, and car seats, it should be able to regulate fire-arms. Simply improving safety lock quality and improving storage safety will reduce accidents, misfires, and will prevent theft, saving thousands of lives. These bills would give Congress the data it needs to pass meaningful and impactful gun violence prevention leg-islation, and they would ensure fire-arms are as safe and consumer friendly as possible, all without obstructing the Second Amendment rights of respon-sible gun owners. Senseless gun violence has been plaguing our Nation for too long. It is simply unacceptable in the United States of America that gun violence is the leading cause of death for people under 24. It is time for us to come to-gether to end the gun violence that is taking a generation of young Ameri-cans. I applaud President Obama’s leader-ship and his important actions to curb the violence that is plaguing our com-munities, actions he took because Con-gress has done nothing, not even call-ing up bipartisan bills with many co-sponsors. Congress must now carry the torch and pass meaningful gun violence prevention legislation. 
f 
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I have voted over 60 times to repeal or to re-place all or portions of ObamaCare. I have voted numerous times to defund Planned Parenthood. These issues have always been held up by the parliamentary rules in the Senate, which is the ability of a minor-ity number of Senators to block bills from coming to the floor. But not now, not today. Under reconciliation proce-dures, a simple majority vote can move a bill out of the Senate Chamber. So today we will vote to repeal and replace major pieces of ObamaCare that distort the market, raise prices, and deprive our citizens of choice. The bill today will eliminate the individual mandate and the employer mandate. The government’s forcing of our citi-zens to buy a product that they do not want is un-American and costly. I say good riddance. We were all aghast over the record-ings that were released that high-lighted Planned Parenthood’s selling of baby body parts. As a Member who be-lieves that individual, distinct life be-gins at conception, Planned Parent-hood’s lack of remorse or even of con-cern highlights its dark business. Today we send a bill to the President’s desk to defund Planned Parenthood. Many of my constituents have told me: We gave you the House majority in 2010. What have you done? We gave you the Senate majority in 2014. What have you done? Why can’t you get some-thing to the President’s desk? Today we do. We send a bill to the President’s desk that repeals ObamaCare and defunds Planned Par-enthood, and it is about time. 
f 
PROTECTING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FROM GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, what the new year gives us is an oppor-tunity to refresh, to regroup, to look forward to opportunities in this in-stance and in this august body to pro-tect the American people. So today I rise with a great deal of applause and enthusiasm, words that I think do not connote the presentation made by President Obama yesterday, for it is not often the American people can see the deepness of our hearts, the affection we have for them, and the concern that we have over loss of life. The President did all of that. In his teary expressions, he pierced the hearts of Americans, and he should have pierced the hearts of the Members of Congress, Republicans and Democrats. There is no doubt that thousands are dying from gun violence. There is no doubt that people with guns kill. There is no doubt that more people get guns who should not have guns. I am particularly excited by the President’s thoughtful and collabo-rative work, along with that of Attor-ney General Lynch and a number of my colleagues, and of, certainly, the House Judiciary Committee, in particular our ranking member, JOHNCONYERS , those of us Democrats on the committee, and particularly those on the Crime Sub-committee, on which I have the privi-lege of serving as the ranking member. We have worked together to have an agenda on criminal justice. The issues dealing with guns deal with criminal justice. Why should we run away from the wide and well-known proposition that there are people who are getting guns without their having had back-ground checks? Tragically, in my own community, an off-duty officer was attempting to sell guns in an open parking lot or in an open area in which he thought he would be protected. What ensued? A gun battle. I don’t know how those individuals purchasing those guns could have had background checks, but I would say that that is certainly not representa-tive of the many in law enforcement with whom I have engaged who have al-ready said that guns kill and that so many guns in America—more guns, we understand, than there are people—pro-vide for a deadly mixture. b1030 So I think it is important for the American people to know that the Fed-eral Government has been working, un-like some have said. In 2015, NCIS re-ceived more than 22.2 million back-ground checks, an average of more than 63,000 per day. By law, a gun deal-er can complete a sale to a customer if the background check comes back clean or has taken more than 3 days. I think, in this instance, we need to look at the legislation of Mr. C
LYBURN , who indicates you must have a back-ground check. I also think we should look and work legislatively with the President. Why would we be against hiring 200-plus more ATF officers? Why would we be against putting more re-sources in mental health? I am very proud that I have intro-duced H.R. 4316—this bill is the Gun Vi-olence Reduction Resources Act—just last evening to add those 200-plus ATF officers. I ask my colleagues to join me. I introduced that with Congress-woman R
OBIN KELLY . I introduced, with Representative K
AREN BASS and Congresswoman N
APOLITANO , H.R. 4315, the Mental Health Access and Gun Violence Act of 2016, to increase the resources nec-essary, yesterday. Mr. Speaker, how many more need to die? Do we still need to have an amne-sia check on Connecticut, San 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.005 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H21 January 6, 2016 
Bernardino, Columbine, or Oregon, and many places beyond? Guns must be re-strained. The President’s mission is correct—more data for secure tech-nology, more NCIS data in order to run through those background checks ap-propriately. Remember Charleston, South Caro-lina? Remember the message? He got the guns because 3 days had passed. And he killed nine people worshipping in a church. So it is important, Mr. Speaker, that Congress owns up to its own responsi-bility, not one that says the Second Amendment is being undermined. It is not. You can never undermine our Con-stitution. It is a procedural structure that we are not engaged in. We are only trying to provide a guidepost to save lives of children and families. I am looking forward to working with the Judiciary Committee in the House and the Senate to look at constructive legislation. Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me say that I am saddened that again we come on the floor with Planned Parenthood leg-islation that talks to the very heart of America, quality of health care, pro-tecting women in terms of cervical cancer. This is a nonstarter. Vote against it. Protect American women. Protect families and children against gun violence. Mr. Speaker, upon taking office, every Mem-ber of Congress makes a solemn pledge: to protect and defend the American people. This is the most important oath we take as elected officials—and, to honor this promise, we must do everything in our power to stem gun vio-lence in our nation. Yet, after another mass shooting and count-less acts of gun violence in communities across our country every day, House Repub-licans are still unwilling to act to stop gun vio-lence and save lives in American commu-nities. The Democrats have been calling for an im-mediate vote on the bipartisan King-Thompson Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act to strengthen the lifesaving background checks that keep guns out of the wrong hands. This Congress has a moral obligation to do our part to end the gun violence epidemic. Now is the time for Republicans to join Demo-crats in protecting the lives of Americans by taking common sense steps to save lives. The Administration is announcing two new executive actions that will help strengthen the federal background check system and keep guns out of the wrong hands. The Department of Justice (DOJ) is proposing a regulation to clarify who is prohibited from possessing a firearm under federal law for reasons related to mental health, and the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is issuing a proposed regulation to address barriers pre-venting states from submitting limited informa-tion on those persons to the federal back-ground check system. Too many Americans have been severely injured or lost their lives as a result of gun vio-lence. While the vast majority of Americans who experience a mental illness are not vio-lent, in some cases when persons with a men-tal illness do not receive the treatment they need, the result can be tragedies such as homicide or suicide. The Administration takes a comprehensive approach to mental health issues by expand-ing coverage of mental health services so care is affordable, launching a national conversa-tion on mental health to reduce stigma associ-ated with having a mental illness and getting help, directing funds we have now to improve mental health facilities, and proposing more funds be used for efforts such as training addi-tional mental health professionals. At the same time, the Administration is com-mitted to making sure that anyone who may pose a danger to themselves or others does not have access to a gun. The federal back-ground check system is the most effective way to assure that such individuals are not able to purchase a firearm from a licensed gun deal-er. To date, background checks have pre-vented over two million guns from falling into the wrong hands. The Administration’s two new executive ac-tions will help ensure that better and more reli-able information makes its way into the back-ground check system. The Administration also continues to call on Congress to pass com-mon-sense gun safety legislation and to ex-pand funding to increase access to mental health services. 
PROGRESS TO STRENGTHEN THE FEDERAL BACKGROUND  
CHECK SYSTEM  
Over the past year, the Administration has taken several steps to strengthen the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS), which is used to run background checks on those who buy guns from federally licensed gun dealers to make sure they are not prohibited by law from owning a firearm. For example: The President directed federal agencies to make all relevant records, including criminal history records and information related to per-sons prohibited from having guns for mental health reasons, available to the federal back-ground check system. This effort is beginning to bear fruit. In the first nine months after the President’s directive, federal agencies have made available to the NICS over 1.2 million additional records identifying persons prohib-ited from possessing firearms, nearly a 23 per-cent increase from the number of records fed-eral agencies had made available by the end of January. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE TIONESTA DAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of the 75th anniversary of the Tionesta Dam, located in Pennsylva-nia’s Fifth Congressional District, in Forest County. This vital flood control project is es-timated to have prevented more than $570 million in flood damage over the past seven decades. The Tionesta Dam, located in Forest County, was officially dedicated on January 9, 1941, as a re-sult of the Flood Control Act of 1936 and 1938. The dam itself is located on the Tionesta Creek just over one mile from the Allegheny River. It is key to flood protection along the Allegheny and upper Ohio Rivers. Mr. Speaker, this dam is so impor-tant that during the 1972 Tropical Storm Agnes, which caused damage all across the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania, it is estimated to have pre-vented more than $60 million in addi-tional damages. Today, the dam and the lake it cre-ated serves purposes beyond flood pro-tection. Tionesta Lake and the area around it amount to more than 3,000 acres available for camping, hiking, fishing, and hunting. The lake itself is a hotspot for boating, water skiing, and other activities for families each summer. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the Army Corps of Engineers for their years of work at the Tionesta Dam, and I wish the Park Rangers and staff the best for the future. SAVING TREES IN THE ALLEGHENY NATIONAL  
FOREST  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of efforts by the Allegheny Na-tional Forest, located in Pennsylva-nia’s Fifth Congressional District, in addressing invasive insects which are threatening the forest’s ash, beech, and hemlock trees. Invasive species are a major concern for national forests across the United States, with the emerald ash borer decimating white ash, the wooly adelgid affecting Pennsylvania’s State tree, which is the eastern hemlock, and the beech bark beetle killing American beech trees. In some areas in the Allegheny Na-tional Forest, steps are being taken to proactively manage and treat trees. Over the summer, I met with the local forest service and helped apply a wooly adelgid treatment to eastern hemlock trees. In other areas of the forest, the best approach is to harvest these trees while they still have value. That is what is proposed across 4,000 acres in the forest, which includes high percentages of these tree species. The harvesting project itself will spread across the forest’s four counties, add-ing up to a total scope of more than 100,000 acres. I appreciate the approach of the Alle-gheny National Forest’s personnel, their hard work, their dedication, and their continuation to advocate for such proactive management practices. Now, I will continue to do what I can in the House and as chairman of the House Agriculture Subcommittee for Conservation and Forestry to help our national forests address these invasive species, which threaten both the health of the forest and the timber resources which helped build this Nation. 
f 
REVEREND CHRIS HADGIGEORGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an exceptional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.007 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH22 January 6, 2016 
American and extraordinary human being who led with quiet strength, the Reverend Chris Hadgigeorge of Toledo, Ohio, who was laid to rest this week. Father Hadgigeorge served the To-ledo community so wisely and so gen-erously for over a half a century, an-choring his service at Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Cathedral, which he helped to elevate from a church to a cathedral during his service. He was 91. What an incredible life. Surviving are his beautiful wife, Presvytera Ann Hadgigeorge, who he married in 1948; daughters Pattie Senerius and Angie Bohland; son, Wil-liam; sister, Presvytera Zafera Bartz; six grandchildren, and two great-grand-daughters. He worshipped them all. He was born in Youngstown, Ohio, to immigrants from the Greek island of Samos. When he was growing up, he served as an altar boy. When the fam-ily went visiting with friends, children asked what he would like to play and he said: ‘‘I would like to play church.’’ So Father Chris would be the priest. As he said in a Blade interview back in 1998, he would marry his brother to one of the girls, and he would have a bag of marbles that he would use as his cen-ser. Father Hadgigeorge attended Holy Cross, a school of Greek orthodox the-ology in New England, and was or-dained in 1948. He served as pastor in a broad range of communities, including Indianapolis and Detroit, before arriv-ing in Toledo. How lucky we have been. He served as pastor starting in 1960 and pastor emeritus after 1991, and he has been a leader for more than half of the North Toledo landmark church’s existence. As I mentioned, it is now a cathedral due to his efforts. He had such an influence beyond the congregation he so dutifully served. The pastor recognized the changing needs, not only of the congregation, but of the community, as he saw his own congregation transition from U.S.- born members whose forebears arrived decades ago to more recent Greek and Cypriot immigrants. As his son said: ‘‘I always called him a peacemaker.’’ He served as a board member of the Toledo Council of Churches and was ac-tive in the International Institute, building goodwill with every step and every word he uttered. He raised his ar-ticle of faith far beyond the congregants of his own cathedral. He planted his congregations’s com-mitment in the heart of Toledo and maintained it there at a time when it was really needed, before the commu-nity had transitioned to the new cen-tury when it was struggling. He led his community to oversee renovations to the church building as it was elevated to a cathedral, including the construc-tion of a beautiful educational center and the purchase of surrounding prop-erty, while supporting the parish lead-ers’ decisions to stay put and not move, not suburbanize. He felt that that congregation should control its own destiny and to grow where it was planted. Father Chris was enthusiastic when the parishioners decided to throw a fes-tival in 1971. The Holy Trinity’s Greek festival has become an annual affair in our region, bringing people back to the city and being so much a part of the re-vitalization of Toledo long before it was popular. He was a true leader. He was such a leader for us. ‘‘There are many generations who knew Father Chris,’’ said the Reverend Larry Legakis, who became Holy Trin-ity’s pastor in July 2014. Reverend Legakis said: ‘‘For some of the people in their eighties, they remember work-ing side by side’’ with Father Hadgigeorge. ‘‘Some see him as a fa-ther and a grandfather. And he was with us for so long, others see him as a great-grandfather.’’ Personally, this Congresswoman sees him as a friend. Our community is forever indebted to him, and the Greek American commu-nity he shepherded is an essential building block of the city of Toledo. We would be so much less without having their faith-filled commitment. May his family draw strength from his beautiful life and from the lessons that he taught us and from the city that he loved and the cathedral to which he gave his life. May his family be blessed and may he rest in peace. I would like to place in the R
ECORD  as well the obituary that was printed in the Toledo Blade this week. 
[From The Blade, Jan. 3, 2016] T
HEREV. CHRIS HADGIGEORGE (1924–2015): O R-
THODOX PRIEST UNIFIED GREEK COMMUNITY , P
ARISH  (By Mark Zaborney, Blade Staff Writer) The Rev. Chris Hadgigeorge, a leader of what is now Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Cathedral, as pastor and pastor emeritus, for more than half the North Toledo landmark’s existence, died Thursday in his Sylvania Township home. He was 91. He died in his sleep, his son William said. The cause was not immediately known. He had surgery recently to replace a heart valve and put in a pacemaker, but he did not ap-pear ill and took part in liturgies at Holy Trinity for much of December. The Holy Trinity community was orga-nized in June, 1915, and has worshiped at its distinctive home on Superior Street north of downtown since 1919. Father Chris arrived as pastor in 1960. ‘‘There are many generations who knew Father Chris,’’ said the Rev. Larry Legakis, who became Holy Trinity pastor in July, 2014. ‘‘For some of the people in their 80s, they remember working side by side. Some see him as a father and a grandfather, and he was with us for so long, others see him as a great-grandfather.’’ Holy Trinity was consecrated as a cathe-dral in 1966, ‘‘because of his leadership,’’ said George Sarantou, a former parish council president. Father Chris oversaw renovations to the building and the educational center and the purchase of surrounding property while sup-porting parish leaders’ decision to stay put. ‘‘He felt we should control our own des-tiny,’’ said Mr. Sarantou, Toledo finance di-rector and a former member of the city coun-cil. ‘‘He was a good solid leader who under-stood what our needs should be. He got the job done with his quiet but effective leader-ship. He knew how to motivate people.’’ Father Chris was enthusiastic when the parish threw a festival in 1971, and Holy Trinity’s Greek festival has become an an-nual affair. ‘‘He loved the city and the community. It was home,’’ his son said. The pastor recognized the changing needs of the congregation, from the U.S.-born members whose forebears arrived decades ago to more recent Greek and Cypriot immi-grants. ‘‘He was a great unifier in the Greek com-munity. He could work with all groups, young and old,’’ Mr. Sarantou said. His son said: ‘‘I always called him a peace-maker.’’ ‘‘I’m speaking as a son now,’’ William Hadgigeorge said. ‘‘He would never lecture me about God’s way. It was always the right way; do the right thing, even when others aren’t looking.’’ Father Chris retired as Holy Trinity pastor in 1991. Afterward, he was interim pastor of a Springfield, Ohio, church for several months but stayed in Toledo. He was named a protopresbyter in the church by Archbishop Iakovos in 1973, and received the patriarchal cross from Patri-arch Bartholomew in 2006. Father Chris was born Aug. 3, 1924, in Youngstown, to Paraskevi and William Hadgigeorge, immigrants from the Greek is-land of Samos. He was an altar boy growing up and sang in the choir. When the family went visiting and friends’ children asked what he’d like to play, ‘‘I’d say, ‘Let’s play church,’’’ Father Chris told The Blade in 1998. ‘‘And I would be the priest. I would marry my brother to one of the girls. I would have a bag of marbles that I used as my cen-ser.’’ He was a 1942 graduate of Youngstown’s East High School. He went to Holy Cross, a school of Greek Orthodox theology in New England and was ordained in 1948. He was a pastor in Indianapolis and Detroit before ar-riving in Toledo. He’d been a board member of the Toledo Council of Churches and was active in the International Institute. Surviving are his wife, Presvytera Ann Hadgigeorge, whom he married March 7, 1948; daughters, Pattie Senerius and Angie Bohland; son, William; sister, Presvytera Zafera Bartz; six grandchildren, and two great-granddaughters. Visitation will be from 1–9 p.m. Monday in Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Cathedral, with Trisagion prayers at 7 p.m. A vesperal liturgy at 9 a.m. Tuesday will be followed by funeral services at 11 a.m. in the cathedral. Arrangements are by the Ansberg-West Fu-neral Home. The family suggests tributes to Holy Trin-ity’s memorial fund. f 
SECOND AMENDMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, with the recent announce-ment of new policies to restrict fire-arms, President Obama has yet again used executive overreach to force his agenda on the American people. Con-gress has already rejected these poli-cies in a bipartisan fashion, and this action is another example of the Presi-dent overstepping his constitutional authority to circumvent the people’s voices in Congress. The administra-tion’s assault on Americans’ constitu-tional rights must stop. Time and time again, our courts have defended the Second Amendment, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.025 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H23 January 6, 2016 
Congress has voted repeatedly to reject new restrictions on our constitutional rights. For more than 200 years, the Second Amendment has been protected and championed by Americans, the courts, and Congress. We must stand together to defend and protect our con-stitutional rights. As a staunch sup-porter of the Second Amendment, I am outraged by President Obama’s actions and will fight to stop this executive order. In my home State of West Virginia, using guns for sport and hunting is a way of life. We respect firearms and are taught at an early age how to use them. In many families, fathers and mothers teach their children how to hunt and, when they are old enough, they receive their own gun as an im-portant coming-of-age tradition. West Virginians are not alone. Families across this country have these same traditions and sports. As West Virginians, we know that law-abiding citizens are not the prob-lem and our country was not founded on the principles of taking away rights from the people. Our rights cannot and should not be taken away. This admin-istration is determined to attack our way of life, our traditions, and our con-stitutional rights. I wish I could say this is a surprise, but time and time again, this President has used execu-tive actions and regulations to elimi-nate policies and rights he disagrees with. b1045 Sadly, we have seen this far too often with the Environmental Protection Agency, the EPA, which has aggres-sively—aggressively—used regulations and rules to destroy our coal-mining communities, in particular, in my State of West Virginia. I have fought to stop the EPA and will fight to stop President Obama’s executive actions on gun control. As a member of the House Committee on Appropriations, I will use the power of the purse to eliminate funding for these new actions. As a Member of Con-gress, I am dedicated to working for our State and doing what is right for the people of West Virginia. I will con-tinue to support our constitutional rights, including the Second Amend-ment, and push back on the adminis-tration’s overreach into our lives, busi-nesses, and communities. 
f 
REMEMBERING OUR FRIEND RICHARD SMITH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. F
ARR) for 5 minutes. Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a good friend, Richard Smith. Mr. DENHAM. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. FARR. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. DENHAM. I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. F
ARR), my good friend, as we both recognize an amaz-ing life of a good friend and acknowl-edge and honor the life of this personal friend and beloved community leader, Rich Smith. He was a loving husband, father, and grandfather, who passed away peace-fully in the comforts of his home, sur-rounded by his family, on December 27, 2015. Born on December 19, 1946, Rich was raised in Walnut Creek, California. Growing up, Rich’s family was involved in 4–H, and agriculture had always played a major role in his life. Rich continued down this path by obtaining a bachelor of science degree in ag science and management from the Uni-versity of California, Davis in 1968. Originally, Rich was interested in the technical aspects of agriculture. He worked in a lab performing analysis on soil, water, and plant nutrition. Never did Rich believe he would be the owner of a successful wine company, but in 1987, this became a reality when he and his new bride, Claudia, purchased the vineyard known as Paraiso Vineyards. Today Paraiso Vineyards is owned and operated by the Smith family and is located in the Santa Lucia Highlands in Monterey County. The family busi-ness consists of almost 3,000 acres of vineyards and continues to evolve in all aspects. Rich leaves behind a tre-mendous legacy that can be celebrated and appreciated by everyone who visits this magnificent vineyard. Rich had a generous spirit and pro-vided lasting contributions to the com-munity. He was a local hero to the Sa-linas Valley, and he demonstrated time and again a desire to share his re-sources and talents with others. I was one of those whom he shared his talents with as he encouraged, sup-ported, and advised me to run for polit-ical office. Rich’s motto always was: Treat people the way that you want to be treated. All that were lucky enough to spend time with him found that he truly lived by these words. Rich will forever be remembered for his kind-ness, generosity, leadership, and love. On kindness and generosity, he and Claudia were kind enough and generous enough to host, 23 years ago, then my fiance, now my wife, Sonia, and our wedding at the beautiful Paraiso Springs. On leadership and love, as I was in the State senate, Rich provided leader-ship for not only the State of Cali-fornia, but the Salinas Valley, the wine industry, creating a wine mecca, pio-neering Monterey County to be a lead-er in wine production as well as a new tourism corridor. His love for family and his commu-nity was unmatched. He is a friend that is going to be forever missed. Not only was he a leader, a very kind man, a very generous man, but he had a tre-mendous sense of humor. I will never forget soon after our marriage, his daughter, Sonia’s best friend, was being married at Paraiso Springs as well, and a funny episode happened where Sonia passed out in the middle of the wedding. Rich seized the mo-ment to rib me a little bit and my new mother-in-law. He made it clear that he thought that Sonia may be pregnant on that day. It was a funny gesture that, as a young man, made me a little nervous at the time, but he will always be a friend and sorely missed. Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, we both got to know Rich through politics. It is amazing that he was a person who sup-ported us both: Jeff being a Repub-lican, myself being a Democrat; Jeff being in the State legislature, I being in the State legislature. I got to know him when I was a coun-ty supervisor in Monterey County. Rich was always the go-to guy to real-ly do sort of the technical issues that you drill down deep on a lot of con-troversial agricultural issues. His ideas were always based on good science, good farming practices, always sort of the idea of conservation in the best sense of the word. He also was participatory in my daughter’s wedding because the wines we served at that wedding were from Rich’s vineyards. In fact, I brought a bottle of his wine today here on the floor to show the world that this man did some great things. His wines were served also at many, many charitable events that they did at their vineyards. He and Claudia were kind of leaders. Claudia was very interested in getting the whole ecotourism, agritourism in-volved to get people out into seeing how agriculture is really produced, and wine visits are obviously a good way of attracting people, but the knowledge of it. We are going to really miss him. He was a great person, and I am glad that we are able to create a national park right across from his vineyard so he can always stare at it. Got bless Richard Smith and the great wines he made. f 
DEFUNDING PLANNED PARENTHOOD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of life and in firm op-position to Planned Parenthood’s un-conscionable activities. But as I begin my remarks, I want to be very clear about one thing. The vote that the House will take today is a vic-tory for women’s health while also serving as a cry to end the monstrous actions of an organization that contin-ually attacks our most vulnerable un-born children. There are more than 13,500 publicly supported alternatives for women’s health care in the country and 588 in Missouri—alternatives that treat women without performing abortions, alternatives that will have more access to Federal money for women’s health care. This means that in Missouri alone, there are 45 health clinics for every Planned Parenthood clinic in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.009 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH24 January 6, 2016 
State. So, please, please don’t be dis-tracted by political rhetoric. We are strengthening our support for women’s health, and we are stripping Federal taxpayer dollars from an orga-nization that performs more than 327,000 abortions a year. While I have long fought to stop this atrocious practice, I was especially shocked this summer by videos of Planned Parenthood’s cold indifference and barbaric murder of the society’s most vulnerable members. It is our duty as lawmakers, as citi-zens of a great nation, as friends, as neighbors, as family members to pro-tect those who cannot protect them-selves. It is a tragic shame to watch employees of Planned Parenthood so willing to sell the body parts of unborn babies. These are truly some of the most horrifying and heartbreaking videos I have ever seen, even throughout all my work in combating sex trafficking, sex-ual assault, and abuse. The United States is a nation that seeks to protect the least among us in numerous ways, from medical research assistance for the needy to elderly care. It is time that we do the same for our precious unborn children. Mr. Speaker, today is an historic day when we will finally stop taxpayer dol-lars from funding Planned Parent-hood’s abortions. Surely, no Member of Congress can, in good conscience, claim that we should fund these hei-nous activities with your hard-earned dollars. After seeing these horrible videos, I was compelled to take action. I joined Congressman S
EAN DUFFY and Con-gressman C
HRIS SMITH in sending a let-ter to Chairmen U
PTON and G OODLATTE , requesting an immediate investigation into Planned Parenthood’s actions. I would like to thank House leadership and the committee chairmen for grant-ing our request and for the work that they have done on their committees al-ready. Planned Parenthood has shamelessly tried to defend the indefensible before these committees. They have shown no remorse for the actions described in these videos, apologizing only for the tone of them. In response, they have ef-fectively dared Congress to act. And today we do. Today Congress says enough is enough. Today we pass legislation that will give the President a very stark choice: continue paying for acts that are so disturbing, so horrifying, and so disgusting that they require congres-sional investigation, or simply respect life and respect the taxpayers’ hard- earned dollars. Mr. Speaker, the heart of my team’s mission statement, which currently hangs in my office, reads: To confront injustice and serve as a voice for the most vulnerable in our society. Defunding Planned Parenthood is the right thing to do. Today I will give voice to the voiceless. I will proudly cast my vote for life, for these innocent angels. I will continue to fight for the day when abortion is not only illegal, but is unthinkable. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 56 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. At the beginning of this new day, we are grateful as individuals and as a Na-tion for all the blessings we have been given. We ask Your blessing upon the Mem-bers of this people’s House as they re-convene for the second session. May they anticipate the opportunities and difficulties that are before them and before so many Americans with stead-fast determination to work together toward solutions that will benefit their countrymen. Grant that they be worthy of the re-sponsibilities they have been given by their constituents and truly be the peo-ple You have called them to be. May the walls of disagreement that have di-vided this assembly be put aside and replaced by a spirit of respect and dig-nity. May Your Spirit, O God, be in all of our hearts and minds and encourage us to do the works of justice and peace now and always. May all that we do be done for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING PEGGY SAMPSON (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I honor and congratulate Peggy Samp-son, a long-time member of our con-gressional community, who retired after more than 37 years of outstanding public service. Throughout her exemplary service, Peggy demonstrated strong commit-ment and dedication to the House of Representatives and to our great coun-try. Peggy arrived on Capitol Hill in 1978 as part of our proud U.S. Capitol Po-lice. After 8 years, she was appointed as the Republican Page Supervisor. Since 2011, Peggy has been helping Members and staff as the House Floor Operations Clerk. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing our deep grati-tude to Peggy on her many positive contributions to the institution we are so humbled to serve. Peggy, I wish you all the best in your much-deserved retirement, and I look forward to your continued friendship. Godspeed, my friend. 
f 
GUN SAFETY (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, yester-day the President of the United States announced another series of actions that his administration is taking to curb our Nation’s gun violence epi-demic, for they are important steps, and I commend the President and Vice President for their continued focus on this ongoing crisis. As the President said yesterday, Congress still needs to act. In my 15 years as a Member of the House, Congress time and again has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.011 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H25 January 6, 2016 
failed to answer the cries of Americans who have lost their loved ones, particu-larly our children, to the scourge of gun violence. Congress has failed to respond to the pleas of Americans who have been dis-abled by stray bullets. Congress has failed to acknowledge the vast major-ity of Americans—Republicans and Democrats, gun owners and non gun owners—who believe that every gun purchased should be accompanied by a background check. With each failure, we are closer to a day when tragedies like those of San Bernardino and Sandy Hook will become what they never should be: commonplace. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to find the courage to take action. It is long past overdue. 
f 
PRESIDENT’S EXECUTIVE ACTIONS RESTRICT SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, as citizens of the United States, we are afforded basic rights and privileges under the Constitution. One of these fundamental rights is the Second Amendment, and its guarantee to keep and bear arms is clear. Yesterday, in yet another attempt to erode our basic liberties, President Obama announced plans to undermine the will of Congress and challenge the Second Amendment rights of all Amer-icans. Just like his unilateral actions on immigration, this proposal is an over-reach of the President’s constitu-tionally granted executive authority. Congressional refusal to pass bad pol-icy does not transfer legislative au-thority to the President, and I will fight against this attempt to diminish our constitutional rights. Guns are one of many tools that peo-ple use to commit horrific crimes, but the problem of evil cannot be legislated away. It is important that any legisla-tive response, whether it is at the Fed-eral, State, or local level, ensures that the constitutional rights of all citizens are protected. 
f 
GUNS (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, last year more than 13,000 Americans lost their lives because of a gun. More than 3,300 children were killed or injured. As the President said yesterday, the ques-tion of whether we address gun vio-lence is really a question about who we are and what kind of country we want to live in. Do we want to be a country in which we have a mass shooting nearly every single day of the year? Do we want to be a country in which children in a school have to practice hiding silently under their desks or in a closet in order to avoid an active shooter? Do we want to be a country in which the National Rifle Association buys influence and drowns out the voices of concerned citizens? Do we want to be a country in which all Congress does after a mass shooting is hold another moment of si-lence instead of addressing the prob-lem? That is the country we live in today, a country in which gun violence threatens lives every day, a country in which we are growing accustomed to atrocities that just don’t happen as often in other developed countries. Mr. Speaker, we can do better. The President has done his job. Now it is time for Congress to do its job. Let’s pass universal background checks. Let’s do more to keep guns from criminals and from those with se-rious mental illness, such that pos-sessing a gun would pose a threat to themselves or others. Let’s get mili-tary-style assault weapons out of our communities. Let’s do better. f 
PROTECTING AMERICANS’ SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHT TO BEAR ARMS (Mr. ROGERS of Alabama asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, President Obama has announced plans to use an executive order to im-plement new gun control measures. This plan is a complete overreach into the lives of the American people. Unfortunately, this President has spent his entire time in office expand-ing the size of our Federal Government and infringing on our constitutional rights. This disappointing news is just another example of his blatant dis-regard for the United States Constitu-tion. As a gun owner myself, I will con-tinue to fight to protect our Second Amendment rights. I remain com-pletely opposed to any action that puts any level of new restrictions on our Second Amendment right to bear arms. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, we have barely started 2016 and here we are, about to take our 62nd vote to dis-mantle the Affordable Care Act and facing the 11th attack on women’s health care in the 114th Congress. Defunding Planned Parenthood and dis-mantling the ACA will rob hard-working Americans of affordable fam-ily planning, and it will strip life-sav-ing cancer screenings away from mil-lions of women across the country. As Congress, we haven’t taken 62 votes to improve women’s health and access to healthcare programs for women and seniors. The 114th Congress hasn’t declared war on the appalling lack of healthcare, nutrition, and men-tal health programs. But here we are again, wasting valu-able tax dollars in order to rehash the ideology of a loud few, one that hurts women and our most vulnerable of con-stituents. This is just a sad and shame-ful day. Congress, this must stop. f 
ROYER-GREAVES SCHOOL FOR BLIND (Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the work of Viola Wiskoski, a resident of Paoli, Pennsylvania, which is in the Sixth Congressional District of Penn-sylvania. Recently, Viola retired from the Royer-Greaves School for Blind after 70 years of dedicated service as the school’s secretary. The Royer-Greaves School for Blind has been a staple in the Paoli community since 1941, and for nearly a century it has provided quality care and assistance to individ-uals who are visually impaired. Viola coined her work as an ‘‘experi-ence of a lifetime,’’ particularly the privilege of having worked directly with Dr. Royer-Greaves. For 70 years, Viola ensured that the school operated smoothly, enabling it to work toward its mission of ‘‘pro-viding a supportive education and training environment for students with multiple disabilities to help them reach their full potential and enjoy an enhanced quality of life.’’ In 2009, her service to the school and community was honored with acco-lades, including the Jessie Royer- Greaves award. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate and thank Viola for her dedicated service to the Royer-Greaves School for Blind. Her achievements have left a meaning-ful impact on the school, its students, and the community. She is a great and caring American. We wish her the best in health and happiness in retirement. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE AND OBAMA’S EXECUTIVE ACTIONS (Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I have stood here many times in the last few years with the same message to my col-leagues: Let’s take action on gun vio-lence and save some lives. I have named horrible statistics on gun death, like young people in the United States are more likely to be killed by a gun than in a car accident. I have told stories about people who have suffered incredible loss, like Vicky Lindsey from Compton, who lost her son to gun violence and founded Project Cry No More. I have cited polls showing bipartisan support from voters for sensible re-forms; but year after year, Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.013 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH26 January 6, 2016 
has refused to act, despite its knowing how easy it is for criminals and dan-gerous people to buy these deadly weapons. This week there was a bright spot. President Obama has taken executive action to increase the number of back-ground checks on gun sales, a move which we know will help to keep guns out of dangerous hands. I thank the President, but our work to prevent gun deaths cannot end there. Congress must finish the job by instituting universal background checks, banning assault weapons, and closing the dangerous loophole that al-lows a gun dealer to sell a gun if the FBI has not completed the background check within 3 days. We have to act. There is no excuse not to. 
f 
b1215 HONORING THE LIFE OF LINDA OSMUNDSON (Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember a survivor, a leader, and a compassionate woman who dedicated her life to making the Pinellas County community and the State of Florida safer. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Linda Osmundson, who passed away this Monday at the age of 66. A longtime activist against domestic violence and a survivor herself, Linda was best known as the director of Com-munity Action Stops Abuse, or CASA, in St. Petersburg, Florida. Linda served as head of CASA for 26 years be-fore retiring this past summer. Before that, she guided programs in both Gainesville and West Palm Beach. Under Linda’s leadership, CASA grew from a staff of 7 working out of a small home to over 80 employees with a 100- bed facility. Linda started a first-of-its-kind sub-stance abuse program for victims. In addition, she worked with law enforce-ment, who are now properly trained on dealing with domestic violence. She co-founded a program to secure pardons for victims of domestic violence con-victed for defending themselves. For that, she earned the Governor’s Peace at Home Award. Mr. Speaker, Linda Osmundson leaves a legacy that will not be forgot-ten. She was a quiet hero in our com-munity, and her life’s work undeniably saved thousands of lives and made Florida a safer place. For that, we are grateful. 
f 
ATTACKS ON WOMEN’S HEALTH CARE AND TAKING AWAY HEALTH INSURANCE (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, well, it may be a new year, but the Repub-licans are celebrating with the same old extreme attacks on women’s health care and trying to take away health in-surance from hardworking American families. It is a shame that the House Repub-lican leadership has chosen to spend the first week of 2016 attacking Planned Parenthood and dismantling those important benefits to 22 million Americans. The bill that we will vote on today will defund Planned Parenthood and the important family planning services that they provide, including lifesaving cancer screenings for millions of women across this country. This bill would dismantle affordable health care for millions of more workers, for fami-lies, for students. Instead of wasting time on a radical bill which, quite frankly, some on the other side have acknowledged will not become law, we ought to be focusing on the questions that the American people sent us here to work on—on getting our economy moving, putting Americans back to work, and rebuilding our infra-structure. That is the challenge that we face, and we ought not politicize women’s health care in order to pander to the extreme voices on the right. f 
FAILED POLICIES, EMPTY RHETORIC (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on December 23, the Augusta Chronicle published an editorial with significant insight: ‘‘President Obama finally has a coun-terterrorism strategy: Photo-ops and speeches. After dawdling for several years in the fight against ISIS, his ad-visers must realize that Mr. Obama is losing not only the war on terror, but the domestic audience as well. ‘‘This administration is a story of one failure after another. The Presi-dent calls ISIS the JV team of terror. He says ISIS is contained, the day be-fore the Paris attacks. The morning of the San Bernardino terror attack, he says: ‘Our homeland has never been more protected by more effective intel-ligence and law enforcement profes-sionals at every level than they are now.’’’ The editorial continues: ‘‘American lives are on the line, and this President won’t identify the enemy or secure our borders and communities. And his plan of attack? Photo-ops and speeches and unvetted refugees.’’ In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Thank you, Peggy Sampson, for your dedicated service. SUPPORTING PRESIDENTIAL AC-TIONS TO REDUCE GUN VIO-LENCE (Ms. ESTY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of the President’s actions to ad-dress our Nation’s epidemic of gun vio-lence. Yesterday at the White House, I joined with families from Newtown, Connecticut, which I am proud to rep-resent, and with families from across this great country as the President outlined four steps within the current law to improve gun violence preven-tion. First, strengthening background checks. If you are in the business of selling firearms, whether at a gun show or online, your customers should have to go through a background check. Second, improving enforcement of the background check system so that it works better and faster. Third, expanding access to mental health treatment and to tear down bar-riers to implementing existing law. And, fourth, directing lifesaving new research into innovative technologies to make guns safer. These are small but meaningful steps to address a public health crisis about which this House has been astound-ingly silent. It is time for this House to honor the victims of gun violence, not with moments of silence, but with days of action. We can and we must do bet-ter to save American lives. 
f 
100TH PENNSYLVANIA FARM SHOW (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I am proud to rise in recognition of the 100th Penn-sylvania Farm Show, which starts this weekend in the Commonwealth’s State capital of Harrisburg. Agriculture is so important to our Nation’s economy, and the same is true in Pennsylvania, where it is our largest industry. The farm show is the largest indoor agricultural exposition in the Nation, with nearly 6,000 animals and 10,000 competitive exhibits from across the State. The event itself started in 1917 with several events held across Harrisburg. By 1931, attendance had risen to 131,000. Today, the figure stands at an esti-mated 400,000. This weekend, I will visit the farm show with Agriculture Committee Chairman M
ICHAEL CONAWAY and sev-eral other House colleagues. We will take part in a listening session to order to hear from farmers and others in-volved in agriculture regarding Federal policies. I am looking forward to showing all those who make the trip to Harrisburg 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.014 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H27 January 6, 2016 
why the farm show brings visitors back year after year. 
f 
REMEMBERING COMMISSIONER EL FRANCO LEE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this past week in Harris County, Texas, we lost a giant of a man in the name of Commissioner El Franco Lee, who served the Harris County Commis-sioners Court and the people he loved for 30 years. One could never describe Commis-sioner Lee as a typical politician. As he walked through his district, I truly be-lieve his giant footsteps touched every-one and everyone’s heart. He was a lover of seniors and created opportuni-ties for them to enjoy their life and swim in a fantastic pool at the Hester House. More importantly, he coddled and nurtured and created the Lyndon Baines Johnson Hospital that has served so many from all over the coun-ty and State. The Baylor Teen Clinic called him a guardian angel, providing healthcare services for vulnerable teens. And, yes, he believed in something called the Olympics, not around the world, but right in Harris County; 10,000 children during the summer would have the opportunity to test their athletic prowess. And he was an athlete as well. He was a friend of Mickey Leland and Craig Washington. More importantly, his beautiful family, wife, and children lived in his beloved community, Fifth Ward. He was a friend of the commu-nity. He did so much as a county commis-sioner. He left behind wonderful parks and the opportunity for trails. He was a man in our community who knew about flooding. He was a strong, strong proponent of making sure that the in-frastructure in Precinct 1 was the kind that would give a better quality of life. Mr. Speaker, as I close on this won-derful public servant, let me say may he rest in peace, working until his tragic death, and offering to the people who were left behind our praise for him. May he rest in peace. Thank you, Commissioner El Franco Lee, for being the giant of a man who reached low and touched all, loved us all, and brought us to a day in Harris County where we can be so proud of all that you have done. 
f 
IF TODAY WERE PRESIDENT OBAMA’S LAST NATIONAL SECU-RITY BRIEFING (Mr. TROTT asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, over the holidays, I had the opportunity to read ‘‘Killing Reagan,’’ another interesting book by Bill O’Reilly. In the book, he talks about the President’s last warn-ing. He had cleaned out the Oval Office, and he left a note in the desk for his successor. Then Colin Powell came in to deliver his last national security briefing. He simply said to the Presi-dent: All is quiet in the world today. Can you imagine if today were Presi-dent Obama’s last national security briefing? The gentleman or gentle-woman would say: Sir, we have a lot of problems in China, in North Korea, in Ukraine, in Yemen, in Syria, in Iraq, in Iran, in Afghanistan, in Saudi Arabia, and in North Korea. The Taliban is on the rise. ISIS is not contained. Israel is still mad at us. There has been recent terror activity in Munich, Paris, and Belgium. Sir, because of your leader-ship, all is quiet today in Greenland. f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong op-position to the Senate amended Budget Reconciliation Act, a bill with several extreme provisions, including the re-peal of the core of the Affordable Care Act for the 62nd time and the revoking of Federal funding for Planned Parent-hood for the 11th time in this Congress. It is a new year, but instead of bring-ing legislation to the floor that helps and makes Americans healthier, safer, and more secure, we are repeating the same old partisan fights. Last year, many of my colleagues took advantage of a political stunt by an antichoice group that released fal-sified videos to damage the credibility of Planned Parenthood. There were congressional hearings, State-level in-vestigations, and even a select com-mittee formed to investigate the orga-nization. The inquiries have resulted in no evidence of wrongdoing and have been a waste of taxpayers’ money. There are 2.7 million women in Amer-ica who rely on Planned Parenthood for their basic healthcare services that they otherwise cannot afford and can-not access. There is no replacement for Planned Parenthood in many parts of the country, so taking away its Fed-eral funds needlessly risks the health of millions of American women. The CBO estimates that dismantling the Affordable Care Act will cause 22 million Americans to lose their health care. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 3762. Thank you, Peggy Sampson, for your dedicated service. 
f 
PROMOTING CHARITABLE GIVING (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, one of our country’s most treasured values is helping others who are less fortunate. We see it all the time in communities around the Nation, with Americans raising money for a worthy cause, do-nating food, or volunteering their time to help their neighbors. It is important that our Tax Code re-flect these exact same values. It was gratifying last month to see Congress come together passing a new law that will promote charitable giving. One of the charitable provisions in the new law was a bill that I authored. It makes permanent a provision to allow a rollover donation from an individ-ual’s IRA to go to an approved chari-table foundation. In addition, the new law will encour-age the donation of food to food banks from local businesses as well as pro-mote environmental conservation through the granting of land ease-ments. Mr. Speaker, there are many Ameri-cans who want to give back and help others, and it is important that our Tax Code reflect these same values and doesn’t punish them for wanting to do so. Each of these provisions help make that possible. f 
IN MEMORY OF WALTER M
CCREARY (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the memory of Mr. Walter McCreary, a former but long-time community leader and resident of Ohio’s Third Congressional District. Mr. McCreary was a member of the famous Tuskegee Airmen. He flew al-most 100 combat missions over Europe in his red-tailed P–51 fighter plane dur-ing World War II. In 1944, he was shot down and spent 9 months as a POW. After the war, he was assigned to Lockbourne Army Airfield, now known as Rickenbacker Air National Guard Base in Columbus, Ohio. In 2007, the Tuskegee Airmen were awarded the Congressional Gold Medal. Their exemplary combat record and honorable service are rightfully cred-ited as the driving force for the full in-tegration of our armed services. Walter McCreary lived his life with courage, bravery, and honor. I extend my condolences to his family, and honor the legacy of both him and his fellow Tuskegee Airmen. Mr. Speaker, I am also here today to stand up for families, for women, and for preserving access to women’s health care. 
f 
b1230 SUPPORT TODAY’S RECONCILIATION BILL (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in support of today’s rec-onciliation bill. While it is true we have voted to re-peal ObamaCare before, there is a rea-son why we continue to do so. We are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.016 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH28 January 6, 2016 
actually listening to our constituents. Every one of us has heard ObamaCare horror stories, including freshmen like me who have been here just for a year. I continue to be inundated by grave concerns raised by families and busi-nesses in my district. One individual wrote to me and summed it up this way: ‘‘Mr. B
ISHOP , the Affordable Care Act is anything but.’’ He explained that his family of four went from an overall $5,000 deductible to having the same deductible per family member in addition to having his premium dou-bled. ‘‘Where is the affordability?’’ he asked. Another small-business owner from the small town of Fowlerville in my district called the other month to say that her rates for her family had more than doubled in just the past 2 years. I could go on, but we know the story all too well. Simply put, Mr. Speaker, the President’s healthcare law is crush-ing our families and local commu-nities. I urge my colleagues to heed their concerns and support this rec-onciliation package. 
f 
OPPOSING CUTS TO PLANNED PARENTHOOD (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 3762, the Re-storing Americans’ Healthcare Free-dom Reconciliation Act of 2015. It real-ly does just the opposite. Not only does this bill represent Re-publicans’ 62nd attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act, but it is yet an-other ideological attack on women’s health care. It would defund Planned Parenthood for 1 year, preventing mil-lions of women from accessing critical healthcare services, such as cancer and STI screenings and contraceptive care. In 2013 alone, Planned Parenthood provided healthcare services to more than 800,000 Californians and provided more than 93,000 pap tests and 97,000 breast screening exams. Although Planned Parenthood cen-ters make up only 10 percent of all pub-licly funded family planning centers, they serve, mind you, 36 percent of cli-ents who obtain care from the family planning center network. Denying access to healthcare pro-viders such as Planned Parenthood will harm the communities that need these services the most, including low-in-come women and women of color. Enough is enough. Mr. Speaker, this afternoon will mark the 11th vote to attack women’s health care this Con-gress. It is past time for Republicans to end their attacks on Planned Parent-hood and recognize that they are really harming women by denying them these badly needed healthcare services. I hope my colleagues will vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 3762 and really begin to look at what they are doing in terms of the freedom of women to make their own decisions and to really access the vital healthcare services that they need. Again, this reconciliation act does nothing to reconcile healthcare serv-ices, which women desperately need in our country. f 
HOUSING UNDOCUMENTED CHILDREN (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I was in-formed last week that the Department of Health and Human Services is con-sidering temporarily housing unoccu-pied minor children at military bases throughout the United States. Six bases are under consideration to house up to 5,000 of these undocumented chil-dren. One of the bases under consider-ation is Grand Forks Air Force Base in North Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I cannot stress strongly enough my opposition to this plan. The reasons are numerous, but let me em-phasize two of the most obvious: mili-tary bases are not appropriate for housing unaccompanied children, and unaccompanied children are not appro-priate residents of a military base. The last Congress clearly expressed our opposition to housing unoccupied minors at military installations through the passage of H.R. 5230. Addi-tionally, funding sufficient to meet the needs at the southern border was pro-vided just a few weeks ago in the pas-sage of the fiscal year 2016 omnibus spending bill. Mr. Speaker, it is neither compas-sionate to the children, nor in the country’s best interests for national defense, to house these children at Grand Forks or any other military in-stallation. I urge the administration to find a more appropriate solution to the crisis at our southern border. 
f 
POLITICAL THEATER (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, we closed the last year of Congress with some very productive work on both sides of the aisle: we passed a transportation bill; we reformed No Child Left Behind; we passed the tax extenders bill; and we passed an omnibus bill. I thank Speaker R
YANand the Republicans for working in a bipartisan fashion. But we are back here in 2016, and as President Reagan would say: There they go again. Yes, they are trying to repeal the ACA for the 62nd time, and for the 11th time to try to defund Planned Parent-hood. These bills are not going to be-come law. The President will veto them. It puts us back in a situation where this House isn’t being used for Amer-ica’s priorities of putting people back to work, dealing with the crisis in the Middle East and maybe having an AUMF passed, and dealing with crimi-nal justice reform and passing a bill. The idea, as I understand it, is to pass the bill; the President will veto it; it won’t become law; and have the first veto override on the day that the March for Life is here in Washington. This is being done for political theater, to appeal to the March for Life people, and not for what America needs: to put people back to work and protect our people from terrorism in the Middle East. I wish we would get back to the way we finished up 2015. f 
THE RIGHT TO BEAR ARMS IS NOT UP FOR DEBATE (Mr. CARTER of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a voice of warning for all Americans. This administration’s recent execu-tive orders designed to further restrict Americans’ Second Amendment rights is a dangerous move. Make no mistake, this administration will not be satis-fied until all Americans no longer have the right to possess firearms. This latest round of executive orders serves only to harass and intimidate law-abiding citizens. Nothing the President has proposed would have stopped a single tragedy. Americans have as much right to the protection of their homes and their families with firearms as the President does while sitting in the Oval Office. As a firearm owner myself, from a family of firearm owners, and a de-fender of the Second Amendment, I want to remind the administration that the right to bear arms was settled in 1791. It is not up for debate. 
f 
PREVENTING GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA (Mr. LEWIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, yesterday Lucy McBath from metro Atlanta stood behind the President when he an-nounced his actions to reduce gun vio-lence. In 2012, her son, Jordan Davis, was killed simply for playing loud music. I could see the pain of her loss and the anguish on her face. It broke my heart. Jordan Davis is one of the 100,000 Americans killed in the last decade who are no longer with us due to gun violence. It is our duty to do all we can to pro-tect all Americans. Every year mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters, fami-lies and friends beg their government to act. Mr. Speaker, are we deaf to their cries? Are we blind to their suf-fering? President Obama is listening, and he is leading. A leader must be a headlight and not a taillight. Members of this House, we are not leading. His proposal is common sense and constitutional. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.018 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H29 January 6, 2016 
Now, as Members, we must do our part. We must do what is right and what is just. It is long overdue. 
f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S FIREARMS PROPOSAL (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, time and again this President has noted that we can’t change the law without action from Congress. Despite his claimed fa-miliarity with the separation of pow-ers, this week we see the President again trying to go around Congress to enact already-known antigun policies that have already been considered and rejected in the Senate. The President’s plan ignores what any honest observer already knows: limiting the rights of law-abiding Americans doesn’t deter criminals and terrorists from breaking our laws. Forcing Americans to jump through more hoops and spend more money to exercise their Second Amendment rights will, at best, have zero effect on public safety and, at worst, embolden those who already disregard our laws. Finally, let’s look at what the Presi-dent’s proposal boils down to. More Americans would have to pay more to the Federal Government in fees to ex-ercise their constitutional rights. En-forcement of current laws could have a much better effect on that, yet we see very few red flags that are put up by people trying to legally purchase guns that are already felons. More investiga-tions would be held and more people prosecuted if those laws were enforced, yet our attorneys general at the State level and Federal level don’t follow up on those red flags. We have plenty of laws on the books that are not enforced. We don’t need more. We certainly don’t need execu-tive orders that the President is ille-gally putting across behind closed doors, which has been emblematic of what the entire Obama administration has been doing for the last several years to our constitutional rights. 
f 
REHASHING OLD, TOXIC ATTACKS (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, here we are, the very first day back for the House of Representatives in 2016, and already the House Republicans are rehashing old, toxic attacks on women’s access to health care and on working families. Here in 2016 we were hoping to see a House of Representatives that would look forward, forward to reducing the cost of health care for all Americans and to helping pass the bill that would require pay equity for women. Instead, under the guise of this reconciliation bill, a technical term that is coming before the body this week, this Repub-lican bill would defund Planned Par-enthood, strip away affordable family planning and lifesaving cancer screenings for millions of American women across the country. It would dismantle the Affordable Care Act. In fact, it is the 62nd vote from this body to repeal that act. The nonpartisan Congressional Budg-et Office has estimated that the Repub-lican bill before this body this week would take healthcare coverage away from 22 million Americans next year alone. That is not right for the coun-try, it is not right for women, and it is not right for this body. Let’s move for-ward with a pro-woman agenda, a pro- healthcare agenda, rather than the same toxic bills that they have tried and failed to pass over 62 times. f 
IT IS TIME TO REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, in 2010, Congress silenced the voices of a ma-jority of hardworking Americans and ran roughshod over the House minority and jammed a bill through Congress that would put a wet blanket of man-dates, regulations, taxes, and penalties on patients, doctors, hospitals, and small businesses, driving up the cost of insurance and health care for most Americans. Longer lines, less access, less innovation, and higher costs have been the hallmark of this bloated bu-reaucratic nightmare. Today the House will give voice to those who had this law and its expense thrust upon them. It is time to repeal and replace ObamaCare and move for-ward in a bipartisan fashion, passing legislation that will put patients back in control of their healthcare decisions, focus on competition and quality of care, reform our tort litigation system, and invest in innovation and research at the NIH, curing diseases, and reduc-ing healthcare costs. The House will also defund organiza-tions that engage in the horrific and sad process of dissecting and har-vesting aborted baby organs and rein-vest that money in organizations that are truly focused on women’s health care. Mr. Speaker, by placing this bill on the President’s desk, we have given voice to the defenseless, and we have focused on a better future of health care for every American. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 712, SUNSHINE FOR REG-ULATORY DECREES AND SET-TLEMENTS ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1155, SEARCHING FOR AND CUTTING REGULATIONS THAT ARE UNNECESSARILY BUR-DENSOME ACT OF 2015 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 580 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 580 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 712) to impose certain limitations on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that re-quire the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and amendments specified in this section and shall not exceed one hour, with 40 min-utes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary and 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-37. That amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute are waived. No amend-ment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amend-ment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be consid-ered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1155) to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other pur-poses. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on the Ju-diciary and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.019 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH30 January 6, 2016 
under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order ex-cept those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
b1245 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on House Resolution 580, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring this struc-tured rule forward on behalf of the Rules Committee. This rule provides for consideration of H.R. 1155, the Searching for and Cut-ting Regulations that are Unneces-sarily Burdensome Act of 2016, or the SCRUB Act. This is a bipartisan meas-ure that provides a fair and reasonable way to find and repeal outdated and in-efficient regulations that are still on the books. It doesn’t target any particular type of regulation or industry, but it prioritizes older, expensive rules that are ripe for improvement or may no longer be necessary. The needs of our economy, small businesses, and American families aren’t the same today as they were 15 or 20 years ago. Thus, we should ensure that the rules governing the way we live and work reflect what is best for our country today, not what agencies thought best decades ago. I thank my colleague from Missouri for introducing this bipartisan solution and his staff for their hard work on this measure. If you put a piece of paper in the hand of every single person who lives in my hometown of Gainesville, Geor-gia, it still wouldn’t equal the number of pages in the 2015 Federal Register. In fact, it comes in at a record-setting 82,036 pages. That means there were over 82,000 pages of new rules and regu-lations proposed just last year. The Code of Federal Regulations is 235 volumes long, containing 175,000 pages of Federal regulations. Knowing this, it should come as no surprise that Federal regulations impose an esti-mated burden of $1.86 trillion. That is roughly $15,000 per U.S. household and is higher than combined individual and corporate Federal income taxes. It is difficult to imagine a scenario where there is nothing in those thou-sands upon thousands of pages that can’t be improved, streamlined, or re-tired. Unfortunately, American busi-nesses and families bear the burden of compliance, even when a regulation is outdated, ineffective, or just plain un-necessary. The SCRUB Act is a com-monsense step toward reducing unnec-essary costs for families and busi-nesses, leading to more economic growth and job creation. If you walked into a grocery store and found hundreds of expired and moldy food on the shelves, you would be shocked. You would be even more horrified if you were forced to purchase and eat them. In the same way, my constituents in northeast Georgia and men and women all across this Nation are appalled that we don’t have an existing process in place to clear duplicative, unnecessary, or ineffective regulations off the pages of the Code of Federal Regulations. Also, Mr. Speaker, this rule provides for consideration of H.R. 712, the Sun-shine for Regulatory Decrees and Set-tlements Act of 2015. This legislative package contains the text of H.R. 712 in title 1; H.R. 1759, the ALERT Act, in title II; and H.R. 690, Providing Ac-countability Through Transparency Act of 2015, in title III. Each of these measures were considered and marked up by the Judiciary Committee and are brought to the floor as reported by the committee. America’s small businesses and job creators need relief from the flood of new regulations and red tape from Washington. Small business owners often cite government regulations as the single most important problem they face today. A heavy contributor to the burden of new regulation is the use of consent de-crees and settlement agreements to bind Federal agencies to issue new rules. Regulators often cooperate with pro-regulatory organizations to ad-vance their mutual agendas in this way. The device agencies use is simple. An organization that wants new regula-tions alleges that an agency has vio-lated a duty to declare new rules. The agency and the plaintiff work out a deal under the cover of litigation. The deal puts the agency under judicially backed deadlines to issue the rules. These deadlines often give the public little opportunity to comment on pro-posed rules and the White House lim-ited ability to review them. Deals can even require agencies to propose spe-cific regulatory language negotiated by the agency and its regulation-friendly plaintiff. Those who will be regulated by the new deal typically do not know about these deals until the plaintiffs’ com-plaints and the proposed decrees or set-tlements are filed in court. By then, it is too late. Frankly, it is just also un-fair. Regulated businesses and individuals are unlikely to be able to intervene in the litigation. The court usually ap-proves the deals before regulated par-ties have an opportunity to affect whether new regulatory costs will be imposed upon them. These regulated parties could be families, small busi-nesses, farmers, ranchers, or even local governments. I introduced H.R. 712 to restore trans-parency, public participation, and judi-cial review protections to shine a light on one of the worst regulatory abuses in our system today: these ‘‘sue and settle’’ agreements. The Sunshine for Regulatory Consent Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015 puts an end to the abuse of this prac-tice and ensures that those to be regu-lated have a fair opportunity to par-ticipate in the resolution of litigation that affects them. The bill respects the basic rights of plaintiffs and defendants to manage litigation between them. As a result, the bill offers an effective and balanced remedy. We must ensure more transparency and scrutiny of consent decrees and settlement agreements that require new regulations. These commonsense reforms are needed to help control the tide of excessive and costly rules. It is time we get rid of the welcome mat outside the door of regulatory agencies for these suits, under which they can more easily issue expensive and controversial new regulations— policies that oftentimes could never pass Congress—claiming that ‘‘The court made me do it,’’ again bypassing our constitutional system. It is not a good idea. H.R. 712 addresses the weaknesses in the current system while preserving consent decrees as an important mech-anism for settling legal disputes. It ac-complishes this by increasing partici-pation of affected regulated entities and coregulators in the negotiation in the consideration of decrees and settle-ments. The ability of citizens to hold gov-ernment accountable is an important part of administrative law, but it must be appropriately carried out with transparency and full public participa-tion. Importantly, H.R. 712 puts an end to a practice that uses taxpayer dollars to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.005 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H31 January 6, 2016 
allow special interests to abuse the system and force regulators to put out even more regulations. Title II of H.R. 712, the ALERT Act, continues our work to relieve the regu-latory burden on American families by requiring agencies to publicly provide information on planned regulations, es-timated compliance costs, and other updates so that those impacted by the new regulations have the information they need to make financial decisions and plan for the future. Title III of H.R. 712, the Providing Accountability Through Transparency Act, is another good governing meas-ure that demonstrates this body’s com-mitment to making life better for all Americans. It requires agencies to pub-lish a brief summary of each proposed regulation online and in plain lan-guage. Agencies do not have the right to conduct their business behind closed doors and hide behind an overly com-plex regulatory system. Every regulation impacts every American directly or indirectly, and agencies should be held accountable for the regulations they produce and how they communicate the new require-ments to those who will be forced to abide by them. Mr. Speaker, the Rules Committee met yesterday evening on these meas-ures and heard testimony from the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, the chairman of Over-sight and Government Reform, and the Government Operations Subcommittee ranking member. This combined rule makes every amendment submitted to the Rules Committee in order. Seven amend-ments to H.R. 712 will be debated on the House floor, and 11 amendments to H.R. 1155 will be considered. For H.R. 712, the rule provides 1 hour of general debate with 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary and 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. For H.R. 1155, this rule provides for 1 hour of general debate equally divided among and controlled by the chairs and ranking minority members of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform. This rule and the underlying legisla-tion represents regular order at its fin-est. I am proud to see the leadership of Chairman S
ESSIONS and Speaker R YAN are reflected in this robust and open process. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Over the holidays, like all Members of this body, I was back home and ex-cited about coming back in January to legislate and move the country for-ward. I was hoping we could tackle some of the big issues of the day: bal-ance a Federal budget; pass immigra-tion reform and secure our borders; and, finally, deal with the contentious issue of what kind of authorization of military force we want to give to the Commander in Chief. These are all important issues I was thinking about and reading about and hoping we would deal with when we got back here. Instead, here we are, our first day back in session. And I point out that most Americans, of course, had to go back to work a couple of days ago. We had a few days more to pre-sumably think about what we wanted to do. And here it is, another attempt to strip health care from over 22 million American families that rely on the healthcare insurance they have today that this reconciliation bill would take away and another attempt to defund Planned Parenthood and strip family planning and cancer screenings away from millions of women across the country, something that ultimately would add to healthcare costs, not to mention the human toll of not diag-nosing cancers early, adding to the healthcare costs of this country by having to deal with far too many cata-strophic events for what would have been preventable conditions, had they only been identified earlier through ac-cess to cancer screenings and family planning services at Planned Parent-hood and other locations. b1300 This bill that will be brought under one of the rules that is coming forward today would repeal or dismantle the Affordable Care Act for the 62nd time. Again, I was hoping 2016 we would start something new. Instead, I am see-ing the same kind of bill that Repub-licans have brought forward in 2011; they brought it forward in 2012; they brought it forward in 2013; they brought it forward in 2014; they brought it forward in 2015; and here we are, not only bringing it forward in 2016, but doing it as one of the very first bills in the very first week that this Congress is back. Look, I rise in opposition to the rule and both of those underlying bills, H.R. 1155, which is called the Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Un-necessarily Burdensome, or SCRUB Act, and H.R. 712, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act. These bills will make the Amer-ican people less safe, potentially re-moving important safety and health regulations that are already in place for a reason. The gentleman from Georgia says, and I agree, there certainly could be unnecessary regulations on the books. Let’s tackle those in a laser-like fash-ion. And if the Chief Executive won’t do it, then let’s do it through a legislative approach that targets the authority for a specific set of rules that this body agrees are not necessary or are coun-terproductive, as we have done in a number of instances, and go after it, rather than somehow saying that, for every rule that is added arbitrarily, an-other rule needs to be eliminated, there is some presumed magic to the amount of words in rules. The gentleman cited, I think it was 86,000 pages. There is no ideal amount of rules. The least amount of rules and regs that can get the job of keeping the American people safe done is the best, but you never know what that is going to be, and maybe we should strip away 10,000 pages of that, and maybe we need another thousand pages for some new technology and new device that could hurt people if there is not the right safety regulations. We need an adaptive administrative structure to allow our health and safe-ty agencies to do their job so that when people buy a consumer product at the store, they have confidence it is not going to kill them. As a father of a 4-year-old and a 1- year-old, when I buy a toy and get holi-day presents for our kids, I want to make sure that those products don’t have lead or contaminants in them, make sure that my child won’t be se-verely damaged or hurt by the failure of our health and safety agencies to make sure that those products are safe. That is common sense. I think that is what the American people want out of our health and safety regulators, and these bills would impede their ability to do that. Thirteen of the 16 Democrats who sat on the Judiciary Committee offered dissenting views on H.R. 712, which read, in part: ‘‘This ill-conceived bill imposes numerous new procedural bur-dens on agencies and courts, intended to dissuade them from using consent decrees and settlement agreements to resolve enforcement actions filed to ad-dress agency noncompliance with the law.’’ Effectively, what that means is this bill would reduce the cost of non-compliance with our regulations and laws. These burdens include the un-workable requirements that agencies solicit public comments on all pro-posed consent decrees and settlement agreements, and they respond to every single public comment before submit-ting them to the court. Now, again, that is an administrative burden that makes it impossible for our eight health and safety agencies to do their job. You might get 100,000 comments on a particular consent de-cree or settlement agreement, if some-body is ramping up what we call kind of the astroturf side of trying to get people to write in about a particular topic. And to say, somehow, that every single one of those comments has to be responded to before submitting to the court is basically, not just a policy that would slow down this process, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.022 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH32 January 6, 2016 
would deter agencies from ever engag-ing in settlement agreements and con-sent decrees because it would be so pro-hibitive, from a staff perspective, they would effectively be unable to do their job. Like all antiregulatory proposals that have been brought forth in this Congress, H.R. 712 is another solution in search of a problem. Those in favor of the bill have failed to provide evi-dence to support their claim that agen-cies are somehow conspiring with plaintiffs to enter into consent decrees and settlement agreements. But even if you agree with that claim, this bill wouldn’t solve it. All it would do is impose burdensome proce-dural requirements on agencies and courts that hamstring and prevent the use of consent decrees and settlements which, oftentimes, are a more efficient way for both plaintiffs and defendants to get to a reasonable outcome than in-terminable processes and legal bills that go on for years and years. The other bill to be considered under this rule is another example of a bill that would make the American people less safe. It is called the SCRUB Act, which is also a dangerous solution in search of a problem. Now, every branch of the government already conducts effective oversight through retrospective review of agency rules. And again, if there are rules that this body disagrees with, we should go after them, go after the authority that this body has chosen to give the agency to make health and safety regulations that keep the American people safe. Each branch of government already conducts oversight and overlooking this array of options that would pro-vide the necessary scalpel for smart regulatory cuts. This is, instead, a meat-cleaver approach that can elimi-nate health and safety regulations, both good and ill-informed. Rather than creating jobs, growing the economy or making Americans safer, this procedure would burden agencies with additional red tape and waste valuable agency resources and taxpayer dollars at the expense of the health and safety of the American peo-ple. As my colleagues have alluded to, H.R. 1155’s sole purpose is to actually obstruct the safety and regulatory process by burying agencies in endless red tape and extra costs. It would cre-ate legal ambiguity that could lead to increased cost for businesses, for local communities that rely on certainty to plan for the future, as well as uncer-tainty for consumers and American families who don’t know that the prod-ucts or services that they are buying are safe for them or their children. Now, in principle, it is hard to argue against the notion that agencies should periodically assess whether rules they have implemented should be improved or repealed, and I agree with that con-cept. That is not in dispute. That is not what this bill is about. Rather than streamlining rule-making, or eliminating unnecessary rules, which we all want to do, through a thoughtful, retrospective review process, even if it is required periodi-cally, this bill, instead, would result in years of delays for new and necessary health and safety rules by requiring a new rulemaking process for any rule that is eliminated. The SCRUB Act would also establish a regulatory review commission to identify duplicative, redundant, or po-tentially obsolete regulations. Now, not only would the very creation of this commission be at the cost of tax-payers, as would its limitless re-sources, hours of staff work that the bill mandates, but the authorizing lan-guage of the commission binds it to consider only the costs to affected in-dustries, while ignoring the cost to the general public. So, if an industry, if this commission existed, and they were looking at a reg-ulation around dumping of toxic mate-rials or toys that could hurt kids, the only charge under this statute of that commission would be what are the costs of compliance of this to industry, not what are the savings to American families who won’t have to worry about their kid being hospitalized be-cause of a choking hazard for a 3-year- old, or increased cancer rate for a prod-uct that contains lead or a carcino-genic agent. They can’t look at that side of the equation. Rather than to do a thorough cost- benefit analysis, this kangaroo com-mission would rather superficially look at the cost to companies of making sure that their products are not dan-gerous to the American people. That is the wrong way to go about this. Simply put, the SCRUB Act is a solu-tion in search of a problem. There are many tools available to each branch of government to conduct effective over-sight and make smart regulatory cuts. I think it is a fine criticism of any ad-ministration that they haven’t done enough in that regard, and they should. And this body should encourage any President to move forward with cut-ting unnecessary regulations that cost businesses money and don’t threaten the public health and safety. But agencies must adhere to the ro-bust requirements of the Administra-tive Procedure Act already, the Regu-latory Flexibility Act, the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995, the Pa-perwork Reduction Act, and the Con-gressional Review Act, and if some of those can be consolidated, along with new ideas to cut red tape and regula-tion, you will find strong bipartisan support for that concept. But that is not what this bill does. This bill ties up the ability of our agen-cies that this Congress has authorized to help keep the American people and American families safe with additional red tape and regulations. It creates a biased commission that, rather than looking at the costs and benefits of health and safety requirements, only looks at the costs. Moreover, final regulations are sub-ject to review by Federal courts al-ready, who are a final backstop to en-sure that agencies have not violated the authority that this body has given them, and that they have satisfied all the applicable statutes, and whether agencies have continued input from relevant stakeholders. We have set that process up. Now, if we have a thoughtful way to improve that process, around encour-aging more stakeholder involvement, looking at the authority that we have given each agency in certain areas, by all means, let’s discuss those kinds of bills, rather than short-circuiting the very process that Congress has put in place to help reduce unnecessary regu-lations. In many cases, Congress not only mandates that agencies issue a rule, they are doing the work that we have required them to do, but we also pre-scribe the process already by which they must do so. This bill, if it passes, will continue to waste the government’s time, and we are wasting more by even considering this today, as well as this reconcili-ation bill that would take healthcare coverage away from 22 million Ameri-cans. You would think, Mr. Speaker, that if Republicans were bringing forward a bill to remove healthcare insurance from 22 million Americans, you would think that they would have a plan for those 22 million Americans, but they do not. They simply strip them of their existing health care. Twenty-two millions Americans will not be able to see their doctor that they have been seeing for years, know that they can go to the hospital if they need it, or have any adequate health insurance under this reconciliation bill. It defunds Planned Parenthood. It strips affordable planning and life-saving cancer screenings away from millions of women across the country, precisely at the time that those cancer screenings would be more necessary than ever, if the SCRUB Act passed, which would hamstring our own Fed-eral agencies in their ability to prevent carcinogenic agents from being in con-sumer products and food products that American people consume. So, again, through these set of bills, the Republicans are saying: We are going to not do the job that we have told our agencies to do in keeping the American people safe; and, at the same time, the results of that lack of safe-ty—more hospital visits, more disease, more sickness, more children choking, more sick kids—we are going to make sure that a lot more of them don’t have health care when they need it because of the health and safety regulations that we have removed through tying them up in red tape for years after years. That is not what the American peo-ple want. That is not what my con-stituents want. I strongly encourage my colleagues to oppose the rule and the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.026 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H33 January 6, 2016 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, as has already been said just a little bit earlier on this floor, here we go again. I guess the straw harvest was good this fall because, like my col-league, I was hoping that there would be some stuff changed. Undoubtedly, it is not, because the straw harvest was good, and it is now time to put up straw men when we talk about regu-latory reform, and we are back at it again. I want to comment in just a moment on regular order and the fact that stuff has been talked about. We have two separate rules today. This is a rule that deals with the regu-latory issues and regulatory reforms, two bills, and we have a rule that is going to come up here in just a little bit that deals with repealing ObamaCare and dealing with the hei-nous issues of Planned Parenthood. That is a separate bill. I would want to talk about some-thing else too, instead of the regu-latory issues that are here, because they do matter, they do create jobs. As we look at this, the one thing that always comes across, Mr. Speaker, as we think about this, is a very clear choice, especially from constituents all over the country, in my district, in particular, when I think about this. One of the main arguments against this is that it will burden the govern-ment, so it is bad? The problem is, the government right now, through regu-latory process, is burdening small busi-ness, is burdening families who simply want to be able to get up, go to work, do their job, and be free of unnecessary burdensome regulations. Again, we want to talk about throw-ing up the straw man that the Repub-licans are out here poisoning the air, bad paint, terrible ideas, killing kids. That is not what we are talking about. Again, the harvest is ripe; the straw is being developed. And instead of talk-ing about getting rid of regulatory process, we are going to talk about, oh, we are taking away safety. There is no Republican on this side of the aisle that I have ever heard stand from this place, or from anywhere else, and say: I want dirty water. Give me choking air. Give me paint that is bad. Give me products that are terrible. That is not what is ever said. And when that argument is brought up, it simply cheapens and demeans the process. Mr. Speaker, one of the things that was just said was that we don’t want to have public comments, that you have to answer to public comments, that a government agency would have to an-swer to public comment. In fact, one of the issues is H.R. 712 actually addresses this because these sue and settlement agreements can take place without the affected party even being in the room or even know it is happening. Tell me where that is fair. Show me where two people can go in a room and decide what is best for me in a business environment. Show where that is fair. It is not fair and you can’t argue that it is. Public comment to the government is expected, and public comment should be respected before these regu-lations or these consent decrees are put out. b1315 We all have various roles. The execu-tive branch has their role, and there are places where they meet. And we are appreciative of the work that is done. What is being talked about in these bills is, let’s make it more efficient and let’s make it better because what we have in Washington is, I would rather see this body take up the policy argu-ment, this body discuss the billions of dollars in costs that are being imple-mented on businesses, and not the agencies who have no answerability to the public. So when we look at this, these are just the small things. We want to talk about what is actually coming to the floor. I have the privilege of sharing the Rules Committee with my friend from Washington State, who is going to speak. I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Wash-ington State (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Georgia, a fellow member of the Rules Com-mittee, for yielding me time to speak on this important topic. I am very pleased to be able to contribute to this conversation. Mr. Speaker, as you probably know, I am a farmer. I can tell you that grow-ing crops, cultivating crops, can teach you a lot about a responsible regu-latory process. That may sound like a strange statement, but let me just say I primarily grow hops and grapes, two crops that require a trellis system. Nei-ther of these crops would be success-fully grown without a good, strong trellis system that gives them struc-ture, direction, and support. However, on the flip side, if the trellises aren’t constructed properly, if they are not maintained and kept in good working order, the crop growth would be af-fected. It would be stunted, and produc-tion in the end would suffer. Our regulatory process is very simi-lar, Mr. Speaker. Congress passes laws intended to provide a progrowth struc-ture for our economy. Regulatory agencies build out and fill in the de-tails based on the directions from us, from Congress. However, sometimes agencies provide regulations that can significantly harm people and harm businesses and the jobs they are sup-posed to be supporting. Many times these regulations exceed or are in con-travention to the discretion or author-ity provided by Congress. Many times it seems as if the regulators write these regulations for the sake of regu-lations with little regard for the con-sequences to those that are forced to comply. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this rule and the underlying legislation, as these bills will provide Congress and the American public with new tools to ensure that regulations truly have the public’s best interest in mind and do not hinder economic ex-pansion and growth. For example, H.R. 712 will prevent what are called the sue and settle tac-tics that are used to circumvent the normal rulemaking process. It has been well documented that, on numerous regulations, the administration has in-tentionally dragged its feet and failed to propose a regulation in a timely fashion. So what happens then, they can be sued and ultimately settle on the terms decided solely by the court, by the administration, and by the plaintiff. This tactic has removed the cost-ben-efit analysis required for many eco-nomically significant regulations. But more importantly, it has eliminated stakeholder engagement in the regu-latory process as well as the public’s right to comment on dozens of regula-tions with compliance costs totalling in the hundreds of millions to the bil-lions of dollars. This legislation also includes other commonsense measures, such as requir-ing agencies to post on the Internet in plain language 100-word summaries de-tailing what a regulation does. Few in-dividuals or small businesses have ei-ther the time or the fleets of lawyers needed to pore over hundreds of pages of regulations and be expected to com-ment or comply. I was also proud to cosponsor H.R. 1155, which this rule also provides for consideration. It is estimated that the current Federal code spans more than 175,000 pages. This important legisla-tion will enact a commission to review the regulatory code and make rec-ommendations on which regulations are necessary, which are overlapping, and which are duplicative or obsolete. Wouldn’t it be a refreshing change, Mr. Speaker, if, for once, Washington, D.C., could actually cut red tape instead of creating new barriers to economic growth? Too often regulations have begun to have costs that far outweigh their ben-efits, seriously harming those they were intended to regulate, help, and protect. Regulations resulting from sue and settle are often impossible to com-ply with, and the public is removed from the rulemaking process. We can and we must do better. These common-sense reforms in H.R. 712 and H.R. 1155 will help reverse the trend of regula-tions stunting growth and stalling pro-duction and restore the progrowth-ori-ented structure and direction that Con-gress has intended. Again, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The gentleman from Georgia men-tioned that sometimes affected parties aren’t in the room during consent de-cree or settlement discussions. That is a far cry from having to respond to po-tentially hundreds of thousands or mil-lions of public comments one on one. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.027 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH34 January 6, 2016 
So, again, if there is a problem that they are trying to solve, let’s look at who is in the room and who the af-fected parties are in making sure they are part of the process, not preventing any meaningful effort for consent de-cree or settlement from even going for-ward by putting a completely impos-sible requirement to fulfill, given the staff that they have, of having to reply to every public comment when we all know that public comments can be ar-tificially ginned up through an Astroturf process to deliberately bog down a process that otherwise could more expeditiously settle a dispute than years and years of legal fees on both sides. I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) to further discuss today’s ef-fort to strip away health care from 22 million American families and to re-move the ability of hundreds of thou-sands of American women to have ac-cess to cancer screenings across our country. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, it is a brand-new year, but you wouldn’t know it if you look at what we will be voting on this week. Across the investigations of three separate committees in this body, eight States, and four Federal court cases, not a single shred of evidence has been found indicating that Planned Parenthood has broken any laws. In fact, the Oversight and Government Reform chairman, J
ASON CHAFFETZ , has admitted that he found no evidence that Planned Parenthood did anything wrong. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle continue to ignore the facts here. Planned Parenthood is a healthcare organization serving 3 mil-lion Americans each year. In the course of their lifetime, one in five Americans will receive care from Planned Parenthood. Despite argu-ments to the contrary, there are sim-ply not enough health centers to fill the gap. If we defund Planned Parenthood, we will be denying care to millions of fam-ilies. We will be taking away options from underserved communities across the country—rural, urban, and other-wise. We will be saying to women, once again, that how and when they get health care is not their choice; it is the choice of a body overwhelmingly run by men. When I got to Congress last January, I thought I would be voting on legisla-tion that would improve the lives of my constituents, Mr. Speaker, giving them better wages, jobs, stronger edu-cation, and an economy that started at a level playing field. Instead, I have been on the floor more times than I want to count urging my colleagues on the other side to give up the attacks on women’s health. It is a new year, Mr. Speaker. We have a new Speaker. Enough is enough. I urge my colleagues to vote against this rule and the underlying bill. I thank the gentleman for giving me this opportunity. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ), a mem-ber of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee and my good friend. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this rule and the bills that this rule brings to the floor, and I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding me this time. I primarily want to talk for a couple moments, though, about health care. In the mid 1990s, I went to a recep-tion, and the doctor who delivered me came and brought my records. I asked him how much he charged back then. He said he charged $60 for 9 months of care and the delivery, if they could af-ford it. I recently read an article by a woman who wrote that you have to be over 50 now to remember a time when health care was affordable. And it used to be affordable, Mr. Speaker, for almost ev-erybody. But then the Federal Govern-ment got into it. Several years ago, I asked the admin-istrator of a hospital in Knoxville how much medical costs would go down if you could get the government out of health care. His estimate was that it would come down 50 percent overnight and another 50 percent over the next 6 months so that costs would then be only about 25 percent of what they are now. When the Federal Government got so heavily into health care, costs just ex-ploded. A few people in companies got filthy rich, but almost everyone else got screwed. Now only a few billion-aires can afford the costs of a major ill-ness. We need to make health care afford-able again. We can’t do that by making it even more bureaucratic than it al-ready is. The bill this rule brings to the floor is an attempt to give patients more control over their healthcare dollars and give the Federal Government less control and to stop making a very few rich off of the system because they know how to work the system. It is an effort to help bring down some of these ridiculous and exorbitant costs. We can’t get the government out of health care entirely. But thank good-ness we don’t pay for other necessities, like food, clothing, and housing, like we do for medical care. Thank goodness there is still primarily a free market for other necessities. If we paid for food the same way we pay for medical care, we would see crazy prices for steaks and other types of food. Or if we paid for cars the same way we paid for med-ical care, most people wouldn’t have even been able to afford a Yugo. We need to move in a new direction, a less bureaucratic direction, and a more affordable direction. This bill is an important first step in that better direction. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. S
PEIER ). Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, last year, newly elected Speaker RYAN made a New Year’s resolution that the House would once again consider serious leg-islation for the benefit of the American people. Yesterday was the very first day of our legislative session, and the bill we are considering is not a serious proposal. Yes, we are voting on repeal-ing the Affordable Care Act for the 62nd time this Congress and attacking women’s health for the 11th time, and we are, in fact, going to have the 5th vote on the defunding Planned Parent-hood. Now, we know that Speaker R
YANis a committed athlete. In fact, his favor-ite workout is the P90X. It is based on repetition. An exercise repeating the same action over and over again can lead to success. I am sure we all admire Speaker R
YAN’s commitment to a healthy lifestyle. Normally, doing ad-ditional reps builds muscle mass, but the one muscle Republicans aren’t ex-ercising is their brain. Repeating the same, tired repeal and defund bill does not lead to more healthy laws. It just makes the American people tired and sore at the waste of taxpayer money. American women are scratching their heads thinking: Why does the Re-publican leadership hate us so much? Why is it they want to take away our rights? Why is it they want to take away the very services that actually protect life? Planned Parenthood pro-tects life by providing more than 900,000 cancer screenings a year, and millions more receive services through Planned Parenthood. Why are Repub-licans trying to deny us from accessing this very vital health care? It is time for the Republicans to stop shoving these unhealthy, wasteful bills down our throats. Put down the polit-ical equivalent of a giant plate of nachos and exercise the hard job of governing. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this flabby rule. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I just want to remind those who are here that the rule’s focus here is deal-ing with helping regulatory reform burden. I do appreciate the opportunity of Republicans too to take the burden off of individuals. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1330 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE) to further discuss the Republican efforts in our very first week back to take health care away from 22 million Americans and remove resources that women have in place to engage in lifesaving cancer screenings and other affordable family planning services. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this bill. I wish I could say I am surprised that House leaders are kicking off 2016 the same way they spent 2015—attacking women’s health—but I am not. For 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.028 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H35 January 6, 2016 
anyone who has forgotten, let me re-fresh your memory. Last year, the House voted 10 times to attack women’s health. That in-cluded voting to restrict reproductive health care in private insurance, enact a sweeping 20-week abortion ban, and allow employers to discriminate against workers for using birth con-trol. Now we are voting to defund Planned Parenthood for the fifth time, even though three House committees tried and failed to uncover any evidence of wrongdoing. What is worse, today’s vote takes place before the Repub-licans’ taxpayer-funded select com-mittee to investigate Planned Parent-hood has even held its first meeting. It is shameful. Americans expect us to focus on facts, not ideology. So far, there are no facts to justify defunding a healthcare provider that 2.7 million Americans rely on. Here is what we do know: Planned Parenthood provides nearly 900,000 can-cer screenings each year; 78 percent of Planned Parenthood patients are low- income; and the services provided by Planned Parenthood help prevent more than 500,000 unintended pregnancies every year. With each passing week, it becomes clear this Chamber isn’t interested in the facts. It is only interested in push-ing an extreme ideological agenda de-signed to take away women’s constitu-tional right to choose. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Here we are, week one of 2016 and we have a multifaceted Republican attack on women’s health. On the one hand, we are removing the abilities of our safety agencies from making sure that products that are sold are safe. Wheth-er that is shampoo or soap or makeup or a toy for your child, we rely on our health and safety regulators to make sure that nothing that can hurt the American people is put forward. Often-times, when there is some kind of liti-gation around that, we have a process that allows that to be settled to keep dangerous products off the market-place. In setting up this commission that would only be able to look at the cost of regulation rather than savings from a health and safety regulation, you are deliberately putting in place a process that will lead to additional costs going forward because it doesn’t look at both sides of the equation. I would be supportive, as would many Democrats, of a thoughtful approach to a red tape reduction commission, to a regulatory reform commission. What should it look like? It needs to have both industry at the table, as well as consumer health advocates, as well as thoughtful leaders to make up the bal-ance of that committee to side with ei-ther side based on the merits. Impor-tantly, their charge needs to be to look at the costs and benefits measured through economic measurements that the staff will be charged with doing, the costs and benefits of reforms, to find out and eliminate regulations that cost more than they benefit and to make sure that we improve and en-hance regulations where we can have more savings and more benefit to the American people at a lower cost. It is all about health and protecting the American people and economic effi-ciency, and the commission can accom-plish that. But not the dangerous at-tack on women’s health through this commission in this bill, coupled the very same week with defunding Planned Parenthood, taking low-cost cancer screenings away from hundreds of thousands of Americans, telling 22 million American families you no longer have health insurance, sending a cancellation notice in the first week of the year to 22 million American fami-lies that you can’t go see the doctor, you can’t go to the hospital or you are going to be bankrupt. That is not the kind of progress the American people want. Thankfully, Mr. Speaker, guess what. Neither of these bills are going to be-come law. President Obama stated he will veto these bills. These bills that hamper the ability of our agencies to protect the health of the American people, these bills that defund Planned Parenthood, this reconciliation, they will be vetoed. Therefore, the first week back, while the Republicans are trying to cancel healthcare insurance for 22 million American families, while they are try-ing to prevent low-income women from having access to cancer screenings, while they are trying to remove the ability of our health and safety agen-cies to keep our American people safe, they will not succeed. They are wast-ing time. Therefore, these bills come at a serious opportunity cost to the American people. The American people want us to use their time and their money to address real problems: to fix our broken immi-gration system and restore order and security to our border, and to help the millions of Americans suffering under an unlivable minimum wage by in-creasing it. They want us to tackle re-forming our archaic Tax Code by get-ting rid of special interest tax loop-holes and giving the American people lower tax rates in return, rather than allowing Americans to avoid taxes by putting assets in overseas shell cor-porations. When I was back in my district over the holidays, I didn’t have a single con-stituent say that they wanted to re-move or go after the process of cre-ating health and safety regulations. They wanted to hear what we are going to do to create an environment that al-lows the private sector to create jobs. For that to occur, the American people need to have confidence that the prod-ucts and services they buy are not going to injure or kill them. But instead, what is on the docket so far? Bills that would actually increase red tape and disable agencies from gen-erating meaningful rulemaking by burying them in having to do manda-tory responses, not just to the affected parties, but to every member of the public that wants to comment on a particular settlement or consent de-cree; and it hands out special interest goodies through the regulatory review process by a commission that would fully be under control of those who have a vested interest in preventing even the most commonsense health and safety regulations. This may be a new year, but it looks like we are playing the same political games. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up bipartisan legislation that would close a glaring loophole in our gun laws allowing sus-pected terrorists to legally buy fire-arms. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD along with extra-neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
EN-
KINS of West Virginia). Is there objec-tion to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, this bill that we would like to bring forward, if we can defeat the previous question, would help keep the American people safe. The bill would bar the sale of fire-arms and explosives to those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. On this day, today, Mr. Speaker, there are Americans that can’t legally fly because we don’t trust them to be in the cabin of an aircraft and are on the no-fly list, but they can quietly as-semble an arsenal of deadly weapons fully legally. In what world does that make sense? With the increased risk of terrorist threats, with the occurrences in France, and with what happened in San Bernardino, how can we possibly stand by and say we don’t trust some-body because of what we know about them through law enforcement and through the authorized practices that this body has set in place to inves-tigate terrorism? We know enough about them to know that they shouldn’t be on an airplane; but if they want to quietly assemble an arsenal of dozens of deadly weapons, that is fine, why not let them do it? We can fix that. By simply defeating the previous question, we can bring for-ward that bill. I am confident it would have overwhelming support. We can pass it. It is a bipartisan bill. Rather than strip health care from 22 million Americans, rather than risk the health of American families by removing the health and safety processes that we want to put in place to make sure that products and services are safe, rather than defunding Planned Parenthood and preventing hundreds of thousands 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.030 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH36 January 6, 2016 
of American women from having low- cost access to cancer screenings and re-productive health services, instead, let’s make sure that those who rep-resent a terrorist threat to our Nation are not able to quietly assemble deadly arsenals to commit terrorist acts. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. As this debate has come forward, I want to just point out, as a member of the Rules Committee talking about rules bringing forth the process for which debate will happen, I want to commend Chairman S
ESSIONS and the Rules staff and also leadership—the chairman has done a great job of lead-ership under Speaker R
YAN and oth-ers—who have brought forth two rules today. I know in the last, probably, about an hour, that has become a little conflated, but this rule deals with reg-ulatory burden. This rule deals with the issue of jobs and job creation. I, like my friend from Colorado, have had many conversations with many folks in my district, and, yes, it does come around to job creation. One of the ways that you can do that, and one of the ways that we are looking to be able to do this, is to free them up. According to research that came out from the American Action Forum, the savings from these bills that we are talking about under this rule can save a total of $48 billion annually and save 1.5 billion paperwork hours. If you want to make—and I have run small businesses, just as others in here have. If you want to make your employees more effective, have better contact with customers, come up with new ideas, and do creation, then let them do their jobs and not have to be bur-dened with government intrusion. This is a savings here. Now, again, it has been stated over and over again, and we are at the point now we are not going to be able to overcome this, so here is the way. Mr. Speaker, just understand these are the parameters in which we speak. When Republicans want to stand up, this Republican majority wants to stand up for businessowners and fami-lies who get up every day taking care of their families, who go to work, find jobs, get good employment. When we bring up ways that, unfortunately, as the other side characterized it, burdens government, then we are portrayed as wanting to ruin the environment, kill the babies, kill the toys, whatever it is that they want to come up with. This is just a false narrative that needs to cease. The regulatory nation that we have become, apart from the constitutional process that is set forth by Members elected from their districts to come forward and put forth ideas, give those to the executive branch to carry out, not make up new laws or to enter into consent agreements without the liti-gant standing party available, is wrong. It is not about anything but fairness. It is about cleaning up gov-ernment. It is about limiting govern-ment. It is about keeping our airways safe. It is about having clean water. It is about having clean air. It is about doing the things that government should be doing in a limited process, not simply a jobs program inside the beltway. When you have regulators who regu-late banks who have never worked in a bank and never gave a loan, that is not right. When you have folks who never get outside of a cubicle but yet are able to, without input many times, decide how farmers who have worked their land for many years are to react, that is not right. This rule today lets us go toward a forward step of doing just that. You see, it is about real people. It is not about bureaucracies. It is about real people, like Mr. Puckett from Columbus, Mississippi. He has been creating jobs for over 100 years in his family. He has a family- owned brick company. Mr. Puckett at-tributes the success of his business to hardworking employees and loyal em-ployees. Unfortunately, when I met Mr. Puckett, the conversation was not so optimistic. He testified in the Judici-ary Committee in 2014 because his com-pany had just lost 50 jobs as a result of two regulations crafted behind closed doors. In a nation of over 300 million, 50 jobs may not seem like a lot, but in the town of Columbus, Mississippi, it is the difference between 50 families having food on the table or going hungry. Every State, every congressional dis-trict has their Mr. Pucketts. No busi-ness has been untouched by the toll of costly and overly burdensome regula-tions. This probably, Mr. Speaker, is one of the greatest times to be here and to speak about this because the choice is clear. And you can try to conflate it and talk about other things, but this rule deals with these bills that deal with real jobs, such as Mr. Puckett. It deals with the real priorities of the Re-publican majority, saying we want to put people back to work, we want to make business more efficient, and we want to have rules and regulations that are smart, sensible, and safe. To say otherwise is not fair for the Amer-ican people. In fact, it is just a coverup for a society or a governing philosophy that says: Bureaucracy knows best; government knows best; let us just continue to grow. b1345 In fact, it was said earlier today that we have all of these executive orders and all of these other rules that are de-signed to help streamline regulatory burdens. If that is what they are sup-posed to be doing, then they are failing because all we do is keep growing and adding costs everywhere we go. I can also understand my friend’s concern about the government having to answer public comments because I guess the EPA didn’t want to have to answer to itself when the EPA broke the law with the social media push for the water rules that the GAO just nailed them on. You can’t have it both ways, Mr. Speaker. You can’t not want to answer to the American public and then, when you want to influence your own regu-latory agenda, send out false nar-ratives and break the law. This is not DOUG COLLINS ’ opinion or anybody else’s. As reported in The New York Times, it is the GAO’s. I understand that is why the system is broken, and that is why the system needs to be fixed. That is why the vote is a ‘‘yes’’ on this rule, on bipartisan legislation, by the way, and on legisla-tion that has been bipartisan. This is what we are talking about in this rule. Make no mistake, Mr. Speaker. When Members come to the floor for this rule, they are voting for a government that becomes more efficient, they are voting for a government that is respon-sive to those who are being affected, they are voting for those who are re-sponsible for actually being able to do what they are being gifted to do in their communities. That is what this rule does, Mr. Speaker. In just a few moments, my friend from Georgia will talk about getting this country back in shape and will talk about some other bills we are of-fering today to free up the American people. But in this rule, the question is: Are we standing for the Mr. Pucketts of the world, the individuals and the busi-nesses of the world, or, as has been said on the floor today, are we more con-cerned about burdening a government agency? I think I know what the answer of the American people is: Government, do what you are supposed to do. Do it within a limited form. Let us be the generation of wealth and income in this country. Let us be the capitalist system that we have brought this country into. When we do that, then we are doing what we are supposed to be doing. That is what this Republican majority is fighting for. That is what this rule is. I would ask that everyone vote for this rule. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 580 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS OF COLORADO  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1076) to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives licenses to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.031 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H37 January 6, 2016 
not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 1076. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 3762, RESTORING AMERICANS’ HEALTHCARE FREEDOM REC-ONCILIATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 579 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 579 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, with-out intervention of any point of order, a mo-tion offered by the chair of the Committee on the Budget or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment. The Sen-ate amendment and the motion shall be con-sidered as read. The motion shall be debat-able for one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget or their respective designees. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to adoption without intervening motion. S
EC. 2. Section 3(b)(1) of House Resolution 5 is amended by striking ‘‘the first session of’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 579 provides for the consid-eration of the Senate-amended version of H.R. 3762, Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, you will recall that, on October 23 of last year, the House passed our reconciliation bill, which went through the process, which went through regular order. The Senate amended that bill in December. It is now back in the House for further con-sideration. This rule today also provides an ex-tension of deposition authority, Mr. Speaker, for staff members who serve the Committees on Energy and Com-merce; Financial Services; Science, Space, and Technology; and Ways and Means. Mr. Speaker, this is a great way to start 2016. There is a new sheriff in town, as you know, who has a commit-ment to regular order, and the process we have today is regular order at its finest. We are here today on a reconciliation provision that came from the United States Senate. It came from the United States Senate because it was first passed by the United States House. It was passed by the United States House because, for the first time in over a decade, we had a conferenced budget agreement coming to balance, to gov-ern these United States of America. Mr. Speaker, for 5 years, I have been in this institution. For 5 years, I have served on the Budget Committee. For 5 years, I have served on the Rules Com-mittee. Never before has this House considered a reconciliation measure that will, with its passage today, go to the President’s desk tomorrow. Mr. Speaker, I do not care where you are on the policy. This is an issue of re-pealing the President’s healthcare bill and the damaging impact it has had on my constituents across the district. I doubt seriously there is a Member in this body who has not made up his or her mind on where he or she is on this issue. I will try to persuade no one on the merits today. What I will do, Mr. Speaker, is tell you that, when you get the process right, you have an oppor-tunity to get the policy right, too. This bill eliminates the penalty for noncompliance with the individual mandate, that individual mandate that changed the nature of the relationship between the governed and the gov-erning. This bill would eliminate the penalty for noncompliance with the employer mandate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.006 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH38 January 6, 2016 
It would eliminate the controversial reinsurance program. It would repeal the IRS’ ability to provide insurance premium tax credits and cost-sharing subsidies. It would repeal the costly Medicare expansion. It would increase our investment in community health centers. All told, this bill would save the American people $500 billion. I am not so naive as to believe that this bill is going to be the end of the story today, Mr. Speaker. But I cele-brate the fact that, with the passage of this rule, we will have an opportunity to vote and an opportunity to act in ways that we have not year, upon year, upon year. I do not believe our man-date in this House is to agree. I think our mandate in this House is to decide, and we cannot decide with a process that is broken. We must have a process that is open, as this process has been. Mr. Speaker, the President raised the American consciousness as it relates to the discussion of health care in this country. He persuaded the American people that preexisting conditions have no place in the American body politic. I believe he was right on that. I don’t believe that will ever change. He persuaded the American people that insurance policies shouldn’t have lifetime caps, that when you are facing your deepest and your worst fears in your family—when those have come true—that you ought not get bad news from your insurance company on that same day. I agree with him on that. I don’t think we will ever change that. Yet, Mr. Speaker, there are folks in my district who had policies that they counted on but that were canceled. There are businesses in my district that had a commitment to take care of their employees, but they have now been priced out of the market. There are folks who wanted to exercise their choices and not the President’s choice. If you go to the most recent Ras-mussen polls, the American people prioritized lowering costs over uni-versal coverage. I am committed to providing health care to those who can-not afford it, but I am committed to lowering costs for those who can. The free market is the mechanism that we will use to lower costs. With this repeal today, we have an oppor-tunity to begin that discussion in ear-nest for the first time in 5 years. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON RULES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 2, 2015. Hon. F
REDUPTON , Chair, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : As you know, your committee’s authority to conduct staff depo-sitions pursuant to section 3(b) of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress) expires at the end of the leg-islative session. I am currently considering whether to recommend to the Committee on Rules an extension of that authority for the remainder of the 114th Congress. In order to ensure that the Rules Com-mittee has all of the information necessary to fully consider whether to grant an exten-sion of this authority, I would appreciate it if you could provide responses to the fol-lowing items no later than 5 p.m. on Decem-ber 8, 2015: 1. How many depositions has your com-mittee conducted pursuant to the authority granted by section 3(b) of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress) during this legislative session? 2. Was having this authority helpful in ob-taining voluntary interviews of one or more individuals in the course of your commit-tee’s oversight or in obtaining cooperation with document requests? How many times would you estimate that this authority re-sulted in voluntary interviews compliance with investigative requests that might not have been possible otherwise? 3. Please provide your rationale, including any relevant examples, for why the Rules Committee should extend this authority for your committee for the remainder of the Congress. Thank you for your assistance in providing this information so the Committee on Rules can fully consider an extension of this au-thority. Should you or your staff have any questions, please feel free to contact either myself or the Rules Committee’s staff direc-tor, Hugh Halpern. Sincerely, PETESESSIONS . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, December 9, 2015. Hon. P
ETESESSIONS , Chairman, Committee on Rules, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SESSIONS : Thank you for the opportunity to discuss our interest in the authority provided by Section 3(b) of H.Res. 5, providing staff deposition authority to the Energy and Commerce Committee, among other committees of the House. We have appreciated your support of our efforts to conduct thoughtful and effective oversight of the laws passed by Congress. As you well know, such oversight activities are an integral part of our Article 1 responsibil-ities. This is especially true at a time when the policy objectives of the Executive branch have regularly led it to exceed clear statu-tory direction, and its representatives are regularly recalcitrant in providing us with explanations for those actions. My goal has been, wherever possible, to work cooperatively with the subjects of our oversight work to accomplish the commit-tee’s objectives. The Congress’s oversight tools are overwhelmingly powerful, and in order to maintain public trust in our stew-ardship of those tools, I have felt that it is important for us to use the use of our au-thority in a way that is prudent and propor-tional. But there are clearly times when the le-gitimate Congressional oversight preroga-tive requires the threat of compulsion. This is why we believe the authority provided to the committee in H.Res. 5 has been valuable to the committee’s oversight objectives. While the committee has not yet been re-quired to conduct depositions under this new authority, we believe the availability of this authority has facilitated our efforts to ob-tain significant voluntary cooperation in several important investigations. For exam-ple, in the matter related to videotapes showing procurement of donated fetal tissue, Planned Parenthood Federation of America and a number of its affiliates, as well as sev-eral tissue procurement organizations, have voluntarily provided thousands of pages of relevant documents. In a matter related to allegations of contamination at a National Institutes of Health drug manufacturing fa-cility, the committee has received detailed information concerning the impact of such contamination on hundreds of patients in ex-perimental drug trials. And, in the recent matter related to ‘‘defeat devices’’ installed by Volkswagen in thousands of its diesel-en-gine cars, the committee has begun to re-ceive detailed information regarding inter-nal corporate deliberations and interactions with Federal and state regulators. In each of these cases, we believe these significant vol-untary productions of documents and infor-mation are due in large part to an under-standing that the committee has the author-ity to compel such information, including now through compulsory depositions. We also believe that the authority to com-pel staff depositions will be an especially im-portant tool in investigations of the execu-tive branch. In an ongoing matter regarding the Administration’s justification for sub-sidies paid under a provision of the Afford-able Care Act (ACA), senior executive branch representatives have repeatedly ignored re-quests by our committee and the Ways and Means committee for relevant information. The committees recently wrote to Secre-taries Burwell and Lew requesting inter-views with specific senior executive branch officials. I expect that these requests will al-most certainly involve invocation of author-ity provided by Section 3(b) of H.Res 5. Simi-larly, as the committee continues its over-sight of other aspects of the ACA, including the failure of state exchanges and coopera-tives, it is becoming aware of serious issucs of waste and negligent program administra-tion. As the current Administration enters its eighth and final year, and works fever-ishly to implement its policy objectives, I expect there will be other areas where we will need every oversight tool available, in-cluding staff deposition authority, to ensure that the Administration is faithfully exe-cuting the laws enacted by Congress, and holding itself accountable for the prudent and efficient expenditure of taxpayers’ dol-lars. Thank you again for your work to provide us with the tools to do effective oversight and ensuring that these tools continue to be available. Sincerely, F
REDUPTON , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON RULES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 2, 2015. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chair, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : As you know, your committee’s authority to conduct staff depo-sitions pursuant to section 3(b) of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress) expires at the end of the leg-islative session. I am currently considering whether to recommend to the Committee on Rules an extension of that authority for the remainder of the 114th Congress. In order to ensure that the Rules Com-mittee has all of the information necessary to fully consider whether to grant an exten-sion of this authority, I would appreciate it if you could provide responses to the fol-lowing items no later than 5 p.m. on Decem-ber 8, 2015: 1. How many depositions has your com-mittee conducted pursuant to the authority granted by section 3(b) of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress) during this legislative session? 2. Was having this authority helpful in ob-taining voluntary interviews of one or more individuals in the course of your commit-tee’s oversight or in obtaining cooperation with document requests? How many times would you estimate that this authority re-sulted in voluntary interviews compliance with investigative requests that might not have been possible otherwise? 3. Please provide your rationale, including any relevant examples, for why the Rules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.035 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H39 January 6, 2016 
Committee should extend this authority for your committee for the remainder of the Congress. Thank you for your assistance in providing this information so the Committee on Rules can fully consider an extension of this au-thority. Should you or your staff have any questions, please feel free to contact either myself or the Rules Committee’s staff direc-tor, Hugh Halpern. Sincerely, P
ETESESSIONS . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, December 9, 2015. Hon. P
ETESESSIONS , Chairman, House Committee on Rules, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SESSIONS : This is to re-quest that the Committee on Rules extend the authority of the Committee on Financial Services (Committee) to conduct staff depo-sitions pursuant to section 3(b) of H. Res. 5 which expires at the end of the present legis-lative session. Your letter of December 2, 2015, asks the Committee to provide the Committee on Rules with the following three categories of information in support of the Committee’s request to extend deposition authority: 1. The number of depositions the Com-mittee conducted pursuant to the authority granted by section 3(b) of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress) during the present legislative ses-sion; 2. Whether having deposition authority was helpful in obtaining voluntary inter-views of individuals in the course of the Committee’s oversight or in obtaining co-operation with document requests, and the estimated number of times that this author-ity resulted in voluntary interview compli-ance with investigative requests that might not have been possible otherwise; and 3. A rationale, including any relevant ex-amples, for why the Committee on Rules should extend this authority to the Com-mittee for the remainder of the Congress. The Committee has conducted no deposi-tions pursuant to the authority granted by section 3(b) of H. Res. 5. However, having deposition authority was and continues to be an invaluable tool in securing interviews and compliance with document requests. In the course of a single investigation, Committee staff conducted sixteen informal interviews of officials at three different agencies. As part of the same investigation, the Com-mittee also sent interrogatories to a former government official and received a sworn written response in lieu of an interview. These interviews and interrogatories elicited crucial information that will be included in a Committee staff report that is expected to be released in early 2016. The Committee’s deposition authority has been a useful tool in securing agency compli-ance with the Committee’s subpoenas and in-formation requests. During the First Session of the 114th Congress the Committee sent four subpoenas duces tecum to four federal agencies. Three of these agencies ignored the Committee’s subpoena until the Committee threatened to conduct transcribed interviews or depositions with agency officials respon-sible for delaying the production of the sub-poenaed records, and the fourth will be sent a similar request for depositions or tran-scribed interviews in the near future. Deposition authority continues to be crit-ical to the Committee’s oversight of an Ad-ministration that has been markedly indif-ferent to the Committee’s subpoenas and vol-untary information requests. The Committee also anticipates that it will be necessary to use its deposition authority in the near fu-ture as part of its oversight of independent federal agencies under its jurisdiction. The Committee will likely continue to face ob-struction from this Administration con-cerning future information requests and, ac-cordingly, will need to utilize its deposition authority to effectuate full and prompt com-pliance with respect to these future requests. Lastly, the Committee’s deposition author-ity should be modestly expanded to cover in-dividuals who have recently left the federal government in order to prevent agency offi-cials from sidestepping congressional inves-tigations by resigning from their govern-ment positions. Under the Committee’s cur-rent deposition authority, agency officials involved in wrongdoing or otherwise under investigation can effectively avoid the Com-mittee’s efforts to interview or depose them by resigning from their government posts. If key officials should leave their positions be-fore being deposed or interviewed, those offi-cials involved in possible wrongdoing in con-nection with their government employment could strategically avoid being held account-able by Congress and, as a result, several of the Committee’s investigations may be sig-nificantly hampered by such departures. Several federal employees previously under investigation by the Committee have al-ready left government service and it is likely that other officials will follow suit, particu-larly because the Administration’s last year will coincide with the Second Session of this Congress. Accordingly, expanding the Com-mittee’s deposition authority to include former agency officials provided that (1) such officials served in the federal govern-ment within two years of being served with a deposition subpoena and (2) the purpose of the deposition relates to their government employment, would greatly strengthen the Committee’s ability to conduct effective oversight of the Administration’s last year, as it would allow the Committee to inves-tigate and conduct effective oversight of offi-cials who have recently left or might other-wise choose to leave their positions as the Administration winds down. Should you need additional information, please have your staff contact the Commit-tee’s Chief Oversight Counsel, Uttam Dhillon. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON RULES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 2, 2015. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chair, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : As you know, your committee’s authority to conduct staff depo-sitions pursuant to section 3(b) of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress) expires at the end of the leg-islative session. I am currently considering whether to recommend to the Committee on Rules an extension of that authority for the remainder of the 114th Congress. In order to ensure that the Rules Com-mittee has all of the information necessary to fully consider whether to grant an exten-sion of this authority, I would appreciate it if you could provide responses to the fol-lowing items no later than 5 p.m. on Decem-ber 8, 2015: 1. How many depositions has your com-mittee conducted pursuant to the authority granted by section 3(b) of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress) during this legislative session? 2. Was having this authority helpful in ob-taining voluntary interviews of one or more individuals in the course of your commit-tee’s oversight or in obtaining cooperation with document requests? How many times would you estimate that this authority re-sulted in voluntary interviews compliance with investigative requests that might not have been possible otherwise? 3. Please provide your rationale, including any relevant examples, for why the Rules Committee should extend this authority for your committee for the remainder of the Congress. Thank you for your assistance in providing this information so the Committee on Rules can fully consider an extension of this au-thority. Should you or your staff have any questions, please feel free to contact either myself or the Rules Committee’s staff direc-tor, Hugh Halpern. Sincerely, PETESESSIONS . 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 7, 2015. Hon. P
ETESESSIONS , Chairman, House Committee on Rules, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SESSIONS : Thank you for your letter concerning the Committee on Ways and Means’ authority to conduct staff depositions pursuant to section 3(b) of H. Res. 5. Staff deposition authority is a power-ful tool that has been extremely effective in gaining access to information that the Ad-ministration has been reluctant to provide. Reauthorization of this authority is essen-tial for the Committee to exercise its over-sight responsibility and ensure that the Ad-ministration is held accountable to the American people. Over the past year, this au-thority has been a valuable tool that has en-hanced our oversight of the Administration and regulated entities. The Committee has not yet needed to exer-cise compulsory process to depose individ-uals, as the deposition authority has been a successful means of encouraging voluntary compliance with the Committee’s requests. It may become necessary in the near future to exercise staff deposition authority to ob-tain information from an Administration that is increasingly obstructing the Commit-tee’s oversight work. I appreciate your inter-est in how this authority has aided our over-sight work, and I have provided answers to your questions below. 1. How many depositions has your com-mittee conducted pursuant to the authority granted by section 3(b) of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress) during this legislative session? Response: The Ways and Means Committee has not needed to compel depositions in 2015, largely because the threat of using this au-thority has been successful in urging vol-untary cooperation with the Committee’s oversight. However, the Committee is in the process of requesting interviews with eight Administration officials in the course of its investigation of the Administration’s deci-sion to pay Cost Sharing Reduction sub-sidies, despite the fact that Congress did not appropriate funds for that purpose. The Com-mittee has notified the Administration that if these eight officials are not produced for interviews willingly, the Committee will use compulsory process. More information on this investigation is provided in response to Question 3. 2. Was having this authority helpful in ob-taining voluntary interviews of one or more individuals in the course of your commit-tee’s oversight in obtaining cooperation with document requests? How many times would you estimate that this authority resulted in voluntary interviews compliance with inves-tigative requests that might not have been possible otherwise? Response: Staff deposition authority was effective in facilitating voluntary interviews in the course of the Committee’s oversight work. We estimate that the Committee has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.013 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH40 January 6, 2016 
gained access to two Administration officials in the course of two separate investigations into the Administration’s funding of the Cost Sharing Reduction program and the IRS’s obstruction of tax exempt applications by conservative organizations. In the course of the Committee’s Cost Sharing Reduction investigation the Committee also sought and obtained document productions from nine in-surance companies and a national insurance trade organization. Several of those compa-nies were reluctant to produce documents, and oral reference to the Committee’s au-thority to subpoena documents and depose the companies’ employees encouraged vol-untary compliance with our requests. More information about each of these successes is provided below. 3. Please provide your rationale, including any relevant examples, for why the Rules Committee should extend this authority for your committee for the remainder of the Congress. Response: Staff deposition authority has been a key factor in several investigations conducted by the Oversight Subcommittee. Three examples illustrate this fact: During the course of the Committee’s in-vestigation on the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) unfairly targeting conservative organi-zations applying for tax-exempt status, the Administration was reluctant to cooperate with requests to produce certain witnesses for interviews. One such witness was Hannah Stott-Bumsted, who served as legal counsel to the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Dur-ing the course of the investigation, staff dis-covered that the Administration knew that some of Lois Lerner’s e-mails were missing months before the IRS informed the Com-mittee. From our interviews, Committee staff knew that an IRS employee, Catherine Duval, likely told her friend, Stott-Bumsted, that the e-mails were missing and that Stott-Bumsted then informed others in the Administration. The Committee requested an interview with Stott-Bumsted to confirm this information, but the Treasury Depart-ment dragged out the request for months. When staff suggested that the Committee would depose Stott-Bumsted if Treasury would not produce her voluntarily for an interview, Treasury agreed to produce her. The Ways and Means Committee, along with the Energy and Commerce Committee, is investigating the Administration’s deci-sion to fund several programs established by the President’s health care law, including Cost Sharing Reduction subsidies and the Basic Health Program, through an appro-priation reserved specifically for tax refunds. The Committees believe that the method the Administration has used to fund the Cost Sharing Reduction program and the Basic Health Program may violate the Anti-Defi-ciency Act and Article I, Sec. 9, Clause 7 of the U.S. Constitution establishing Congress’s appropriation authority. The Treasury De-partment and the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) have refused to produce documents in response to the Com-mittees’ inquiries. The Committees are in the process of requesting interviews of Treasury and HHS employees. The Commit-tees already have interviewed a senior HHS official regarding the Basic Health Program, and staff believes it was unlikely that the Administration would have produced that of-ficial for an informal interview if the Com-mittees did not have deposition authority. As the Administration continues to ignore Congress’s requests for information, deposi-tion authority will be a crucial tool in order to proceed with these investigations. While investigating the Administration’s funding of the Cost Sharing Reduction pro-gram, the Committee determined that insur-ance companies might possess relevant infor-mation. The Committee sought information and documents from nine insurance compa-nies and the trade organization America’s Health Insurance Plans. Although some com-panies complied willingly with the request, others were reluctant to search for or produce documents. During negotiations with those companies, the Committee was able to persuade those companies to produce documents by threatening to issue subpoenas and depose employees. Fearing the repu-tational and financial consequences of re-ceiving a publicized subpoena or deposition notification, the companies complied with the Committee’s requests. Thank you for your attention to this im-portant matter, and for giving the Com-mittee the opportunity to highlight the value of deposition authority in its oversight work. If you have any additional questions about the Committee’s use of staff deposi-tion authority, please do not hesitate to con-tact Tegan Gelfand with the Ways and Means Committee staff. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means. 
COMMITTEE ON RULES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 2, 2015. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chair, Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : As you know, your committee’s authority to conduct staff depo-sitions pursuant to section 3(b) of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress) expires at the end of the leg-islative session. I am currently considering whether to recommend to the Committee on Rules an extension of that authority for the remainder of the 114th Congress. In order to ensure that the Rules Com-mittee has all of the information necessary to fully consider whether to grant an exten-sion of this authority, I would appreciate it if you could provide responses to the fol-lowing items no later than 5 p.m. on Decem-ber 8, 2015: 1. How many depositions has your com-mittee conducted pursuant to the authority granted by section 3(b) of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress) during this legislative session? 2. Was having this authority helpful in ob-taining voluntary interviews of one or more individuals in the course of your commit-tee’s oversight or in obtaining cooperation with document requests? How many times would you estimate that this authority re-sulted in voluntary interviews compliance with investigative requests that might not have been possible otherwise? 3. Please provide your rationale, including any relevant examples, for why the Rules Committee should extend this authority for your committee for the remainder of the Congress. Thank you for your assistance in providing this information so the Committee on Rules can fully consider an extension of this au-thority. Should you or your staff have any questions, please feel free to contact either myself or the Rules Committee’s staff direc-tor, Hugh Halpern. Sincerely, P
ETESESSIONS . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, December 8, 2015. Hon. P
ETESESSIONS , Chairman, Committee on Rules, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SESSIONS : On December 3, 2015, I received your letter regarding the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s authority to conduct staff deposi-tions pursuant to section 3(b) of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress). As you indicated, the Com-mittee’s deposition authority expires at the end of this session. I appreciate the oppor-tunity to highlight the many positive results the Committee has obtained utilizing its deposition authority. I believe the following responses to questions posed in your letter reaffirms that deposition authority is a nec-essary tool for conducting robust oversight of the executive branch and limiting the overreaches of the Administration in its final year. 1. How many depositions has your com-mittee conducted pursuant to the authority granted by section 3(b) of H. Res. 5 (114th Congress) during this legislative session? On September 17, 2015, the Committee con-ducted a deposition of National Weather Service (NWS) contract specialist Mark Mil-ler, who facilitated an inappropriate con-tract that cost taxpayers nearly half a mil-lion dollars. In 2009, then-National Weather Service Deputy Chief Financial Officer Peter Jiron prepared to retire from the NWS. Mr. Jiron’s supervisor, then-Chief Financial Offi-cer Robert Byrd, suggested Mr. Jiron return to the NWS post-retirement as a consultant. One month before officially retiring from the NWS, Mr. Jiron negotiated the terms of his consultancy, drafted and edited the associ-ated Statement of Work, dratted terms and conditions of his contract with NWS as a consultant, and eventually signed the con-sulting agreement. The contract Mr. Jiron drafted for himself increased his salary and provided for housing at the expense of Amer-ican taxpayers. This contract is a violation of federal laws and regulations because Mr. Jiron used his influential position at NWS to obtain the consulting position. According to a report by the Department of Commerce Office of Inspector General, Mr. Miller had no concerns with Mr. Jiron be-coming a consultant immediately after his retirement from the agency and had heard of other employees doing the same thing. Mr. Miller’s statement raises questions about whether this type of contract misconduct oc-curs regularly. Indeed, the OIG found the ‘‘lack of understanding about applicable laws and regulations on the part of multiple NOAA officials’’ so concerning that the OIG is ‘‘taking steps to ascertain whether this matter is indicative of more systemic ‘re-volving door’ contracting problems within the agency. Unfortunately, several former senior officials refused to speak to the Com-mittee voluntarily. After the Department of Commerce failed to adequately respond to multiple letters from the Committee re-questing information, the Committee deter-mined the best course of action was to inter-view Mark Miller because of his role facili-tating Mr. Jiron’s contract. Because Mr. Miller is not a senior official at NWS and there is no evidence indicating he intentionally committed wrongdoing, the Committee requested to speak with him in a private setting. Through his attorney, Mr. Miller refused to voluntarily speak with Committee staff. Consequently, the Com-mittee issued a subpoena compelling Mr. Miller’s testimony in a deposition. During the deposition, Mr. Miller invoked his 5th Amendment right. While Mr. Miller did not speak on the record, the deposition made it possible for the Committee to pursue immu-nity for Mr. Miller. Majority staff is cur-rently in discussions with Minority staff about moving forward with immunity for Mr. Miller. This is significant because the Committee not only has the opportunity to learn what happened during the creation of Mr. Jiron’s contract, but also gives the Com-mittee an opportunity to determine whether it is a common occurrence for departing NWS officials to draft their own consulting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.010 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H41 January 6, 2016 
contracts and whether legislation is nec-essary to remedy the issue. Given Mr. Mil-ler’s knowledge of the agency’s contracting methods, he is in a unique position to pro-vide information regarding whether such in-cidents are a systemic problem. The Com-mittee is continuing to move forward with this issue in large part because of deposition authority, including the ability to recall Mr. Miller to continue his deposition. 2. Was having this authority helpful in ob-taining voluntary interviews of one or more individuals in the course of your commit-tee’s oversight or in obtaining cooperation with document requests? How many times would you estimate that this authority re-sulted in voluntary interviews compliance with investigative requests that might not have been possible otherwise? Yes, during this session there are numer-ous instances of the Committee obtaining documents and voluntary interviews because of its deposition authority. In fact, as the following examples show, many key inter-views and documents would likely not have been obtained without the Committee’s abil-ity to compel on-the-record interviews in a private setting. 
NWS: CONTRACTING MISMANAGEMENT  Earth Resources Technology (ERT), the consulting firm who employed former Na-tional Weather Service (NWS) Deputy Chief Financial Officer Peter Jiron after he draft-ed his own post-retirement contract, was re-luctant to speak with Committee staff. The company is a women-owned small business that apparently did not intentionally facili-tate the inappropriate contract. Appearing at a public hearing would likely have been embarrassing for the company’s CEO, Dr. Jingli Yang. As a result, after reviewing the Committee’s rules regarding compulsory process for depositions, Dr. Yang’s represent-ative agreed to make her available volun-tarily. During the Committee’s questioning of Dr. Yang, she acknowledged flaws in the con-tracting system that allowed Mr. Jiron’s contract to move forward. For instance, there was not a safeguard in place to ensure that new ERT contractors were not current government employees. ERT relied on each new contractor to receive permission from ethics officials at individual agencies, but did not keep track internally. As a result of the Committee’s questioning, ERT is imple-menting a plan to include additional steps in its contracting process when hiring new con-tractors, including paperwork to ensure con-tractors are not currently government em-ployees. Additionally, ERT provided e-mails to the Committee regarding the facilitation of Mr. Jiron’s consulting contract. Furthermore, during the Committee’s in-vestigation of contracting misconduct at NWS, the agency initially refused to provide documents or make agency officials avail-able to the Committee. After the Committee considered the use of compulsory process for agency officials to appear for interviews, the agency agreed to provide several key offi-cials voluntarily, including Laura Furgione, the Deputy Assistant Administrator of NWS. Moreover, after the Committee requested to speak with additional NWS employees, the agency voluntarily began producing docu-ments and information. Among the docu-ments produced were e-mails between Mr. Jiron and Mr. Byrd, the former Chief Finan-cial Officer at NWS, discussing Mr. Jiron’s improper consulting contract. 
NOAA : QUESTIONABLE CLIMATE STUDY  This past summer, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) re-leased a study refuting the long-established findings that warming of the earth experi-enced a hiatus during much of that past two decades. This study has large implications because it changes historical temperature data to show increased warming and is there-fore used to justify costly regulations and further action on climate change. Shortly after publication of the study, the Com-mittee began investigating the cir-cumstances surrounding its release, sending a letter to NOAA requesting documents and information related to the publication of the study. After NOAA’s unwillingness to produce communications related to the study, the Committee issued a subpoena in October 2013, The Committee continues to investigate the publication of this study, es-pecially in light of whistleblower allegations that divulged potential political interference with the scientific process and that NOAA scientists were uncomfortable with the study’s methodology and conclusions. While NOAA has still not produced all requested and subpoenaed communications, NOAA agreed to make the authors of the study available voluntarily for questioning by Committee staff. Additionally, following the Committee’s subpoena in October 2013 to NOAA for com-munications related to the study refuting a hiatus in the rise of earth’s temperature, NOAA officials refused to comply with the subpoena. Shortly thereafter, the Committee informed NOAA of its need to interview agency officials who had a significant role in the agency’s publication and release of the study. Following conversations with NOAA officials informing the agency of the Com-mittee’s ability to compel testimony, NOAA has agreed to arrange for the requested indi-viduals to meet voluntarily with Committee staff. NIST: MANUFACTURING ILLEGAL DRUGS  On July 18, 2015, National Institute of Standards (NIST) Police Officer Christopher Bartley caused an explosion on the NIST campus while attempting to manufacture the illegal drug methamphetamine. The Committee sent a letter requesting docu-ments and information on July 22, 2015. NIST officials initially insisted that the matter was being managed by the Department of Commerce Officer of Inspector General and law enforcement officials. After considering the use of compulsory process to obtain interviews with agency staff regarding NIST’s unresponsiveness, NIST agreed to voluntarily make Willie Mays, the Director of NIST, available to Committee staff. During questioning by Committee staff, Director May acknowledged for the first time the existence of building records reveal-ing the names of each individual NIST em-ployee that entered the building where the explosion occurred. After obtaining the building records, Committee staff was able to track the movements of Mr. Bartley and who he interacted with leading up to the ex-plosion. Despite telling Committee staff that four officers are on duty at all times at NIST, the building records reveal that only two officers were on duty during the explo-sion. The Committee continues to inves-tigate misconduct and mismanagement at NIST Police Services. 
EPA: PEBBLE MINE  During the course of the Committee’s on-going investigation into EPA’s actions to limit the Pebble Mine in Bristol Bay, Alas-ka, the Committee learned information con-cerning an EPA regional administrator’s in-volvement in spearheading the EPA’s actions to stop construction of the mine. When the Committee spoke with EPA officials, ex-plaining the Committee’s need to interview the regional administrator and explaining the Committee’s ability to compel testi-mony, the EPA responded that it would make the regional administrator available to the Committee voluntarily to answer questions from Committee staff and for tes-timony at a congressional hearing. EPA: REGULATORY OVERREACH  During the Committee’s ongoing oversight of the EPA’s regulatory and policy agenda, the Committee sent letters on three separate matters in May of this year, requesting doc-uments concerning the agency’s coordina-tion with outside environmental groups, pro-posed Waters of the United States rule, and the agency’s efforts to solicit public com-ments on EPA regulations during the notice and comment period for proposed ru1emakings. In the face of the agency’s con-tinued slow rolling of its response to each of the three letters, Committee staff spoke with agency officials, explaining the Com-mittee’s authority to compel testimony from agency officials directly relevant to each of the three inquiries. Following the Commit-tee’s conversations with the EPA explaining its authority, the agency began producing documents responsive to the Committee’s re-quests. Additionally, the EPA agreed to make an agency official directly relevant to the Committee’s inquiries available volun-tarily for a briefing. In September 2015, the Committee wrote to the EPA concerning its plans to issue a pro-posed rule for ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards and requesting interviews with two agency officials relevant to the Committee’s inquiry. During follow-up con-versations with the EPA concerning the Committee’s request for interviews and fol-lowing significant push back from the EPA to making the individuals available, Com-mittee staff explained the Committee’s au-thority to compel testimony. Following these discussions, the Committee expects that the EPA will voluntarily provide a briefing on the matter with individuals rel-evant to the Committee’s inquiry. 3. Please provide your rationale, including any relevant examples, for why the Rules Committee should extend this authority for your committee for the remainder of the Congress. As evidenced by the many examples dis-cussed in this letter, the Committee’s deposi-tion authority has been a critical tool used to further the Committee’s oversight. The Committee’s authority to compel testimony has proven to be a key resource in obtaining compliance from Executive Branch depart-ments and agencies with outstanding docu-ment and information requests, as well as with obtaining access to government offi-cials essential to the Committee’s inquiries for questioning by Committee staff. As the Obama Administration comes to an end in the next year, the administration is working vigorously to finalize more expan-sive regulations than ever to fulfill its envi-ronmental agenda. Because of the adminis-tration’s tireless efforts, it is even more im-perative for the Committee to conduct ro-bust oversight of the administration’s envi-ronmental initiatives by exercising over-sight of agencies directly within the Com-mittee’s jurisdictional authority, including NOAA, NIST, and the EPA. Further, a recent article in the Wash-ington Post outlining a few of the Commit-tee’s oversight initiatives this year acknowl-edged that the Committee has taken on an ‘‘aggressive role in oversight.’’ The Commit-tee’s ability to compel testimony has proven to be a central component of the Commit-tee’s ability to advance its investigations, while also enhancing Congress’ role as an in-stitution to serve as a check on the adminis-tration’s policies. Thank you for the opportunity to share the Committee’s experience utilizing deposition authority. If you have any questions, please 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.011 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH42 January 6, 2016 
do not hesitate to contact me or my staff about this matter. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. I thank the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) for yielding me the customary 30 min-utes. Mr. Speaker, as we begin the second session of the 114th Congress, there is a long list of important issues that we could be talking about today. We could be talking about ways to support job creation, to grow the econ-omy, to improve gun safety, to strengthen national security, to pass an immigration reform bill, and many other important priorities. Instead, we are talking about H.R. 3762, the latest attempt by House Re-publicans to defund Planned Parent-hood and to repeal the Affordable Care Act. As our economy continues to recover, we should be focused on expanding op-portunity and helping more Americans get ahead. Instead, we are starting the new year by debating a bill that, if it ever became law, would put the health care of 22 million Americans in jeop-ardy and would further restrict wom-en’s access to vital healthcare services. This is yet another blatant political move by Republicans to appeal to and to appease their right-wing base. Re-publican leaders have said it them-selves. Senate Republican Whip J
OHN C
ORNYN called this a ‘‘political exer-cise.’’ He said, ‘‘I think we all recog-nize the President isn’t likely to sign this bill so it’s not going to become a law.’’ Then, why on earth are we wast-ing the American people’s time with this terrible bill? This month we have heard that Speaker R
YAN ‘‘will push to turn the House into a platform for ambitious Republican policy ideas.’’ The 62nd vote to repeal or to undermine the Af-fordable Care Act. The 11th vote to at-tack women’s health. Really? That is the platform for ambitious Republican policy ideas? I think the American peo-ple should sue Republicans for mal-practice. When Speaker R
YAN took the gavel last fall, there was so much talk about a new chapter and fresh ideas. Instead, we are starting 2016 with more of the stale and politically motivated bills we have become accustomed to in this Re-publican-controlled Congress. We are constantly being told by Republicans that they have better ideas and that they have a better approach to health care. Really? Where is it? I would remind my Republican friends that, in 2011, you passed a bill that actually tasked you to come up with an alternative to the Affordable Care Act. You came up with nothing. Just last year you passed another bill to come up with an alternative, and, once again, you came up with nothing. Now here we are again with a bill that repeals the Affordable Care Act and that tasks the Republicans to come up with an alternative. I am curi-ous. Where is your alternative? Maybe it is in your notes. Is it hidden in some secret room in the Capitol? Maybe Donald Trump has it. Perhaps we should alert the Capitol Police. Better yet, maybe we could call the FBI to lo-cate the Republican plan on health care. I remind my friends that you are in charge. You run this place. You can bring whatever you want to this House floor. Maybe you should bring a blood-hound to the House floor to try to find your alternative healthcare plan. Governing is something that my friends on the Republican side are not very good at. They are very good about saying no to everything, but they can’t say yes to anything. The Republican plan on health care is, essentially, a sound bite. Their prescription is ‘‘take two tax breaks and call me in the morning.’’ Not only have the Republicans done nothing to expand health care for the American people—and, again, they are in charge—but they have actually con-sistently tried to undermine health ac-cess for millions of Americans, to take health care away from people in this country. b1400 If the Republicans had it their way and actually repealed the Affordable Care Act, millions of young people under the age of 26 would be thrown off their parents’ health plans, being a woman would once again be a pre-existing condition, and much more of the progress made by the ACA would be rolled back. Mr. Speaker, contrary to what we often hear from Republicans, the Af-fordable Care Act is not killing the economy. I know facts get in the way of their arguments, but the fact is that America has seen a record 69 straight months of job growth and all signs point to this historic growth con-tinuing. In September 2012, when unemploy-ment was at 8.1 percent, the Repub-lican presidential nominee, Mitt Rom-ney, claimed that the unemployment rate would stay at 8 percent if Presi-dent Obama were reelected President. Well, President Obama was reelected President, and Mitt Romney was wrong. What actually happened? The unemployment rate has steadily dropped each year and is now at a 7- year low of 5 percent, with employers adding about 210,000 jobs a month through last November as more Ameri-cans get back to work. One of the frequent Republican claims that we have heard is that busi-nesses would shift to part-time workers to avoid the Affordable Care Act’s re-quirement to provide healthcare cov-erage to full-time employees. A new study released this week shows that the ACA resulted in little change in the number of hours worked, including the first 6 months of 2015 when the em-ployer mandate first took effect for larger companies. As Politico noted, this study ‘‘pokes a major hole in a beloved conservative talking point—that ObamaCare will force employers to cut employees’ hours.’’ The truth is that researchers found no major changes in the prob-ability of people working fewer hours in 2013, 2014, or 2015. We have also heard Republicans’ claim that the ACA’s expansion of Medicaid would decrease employment among low-income workers, but an-other study released this week showed no major changes in the way low-in-come workers fit into the labor market during the first 15 months of Medicaid expansion under ACA. Contrary to con-servative talking points, the new cov-erage didn’t push low-income adults to switch jobs, move from full-time to part-time work, or rush to find new jobs. In fact, the expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act has made a tremendous difference in in-creasing access to health care for America’s most vulnerable families. Since October of 2013, more than 12.3 million Americans have been able to get coverage thanks to the expansion of Medicaid. As a result of marketplace coverage and Medicaid expansion, hos-pital uncompensated care costs were reduced by an estimated $7.4 billion in 2014, resulting in huge savings for con-sumers across this country. That is the difference between us. Democrats believe health care is a right and my Republican friends be-lieve it is a privilege. To make matters worse, the bill be-fore us today would also defund Planned Parenthood, which would put millions of low-income women—and men, I would add—at risk of losing ac-cess to critical health services. The fact is that one in five women has re-lied on a Planned Parenthood health center for care in her lifetime, and Planned Parenthood serves 2.7 million patients each year. Additionally, Planned Parenthood clinics often serve as one of the few af-fordable care options available for many women and men. Cutting off ac-cess to the critical health services Planned Parenthood provides to some of our most vulnerable citizens is sim-ply wrong. It is unconscionable. Sixty- three percent of voters, including 72 percent of independents, agree. This whole effort to defund Planned Parent-hood fits the Republican pattern of tar-geting poor people, and, quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, it is outrageous. While our Nation’s community health centers do incredible work, the Republican claim that community health centers by themselves could suddenly pick up all the slack if Planned Parenthood is defunded is just not true, and my Republican friends 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.012 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H43 January 6, 2016 
know that. The idea that our commu-nity health centers could overnight suddenly step up and step in and cover millions of new patients is absurd. In fact, in 21 percent of the counties with a Planned Parenthood health center, Planned Parenthood is the only safety net family planning provider. Finally, let me just also voice my strong objection to the provision in this rule which extends for another year the unrestricted authority for four House committees to conduct staff depositions at any time, on any sub-ject, for any reason. Some committees have barely used this authority in the past year, and, when they have, it has often been abused with the threat of subpoena held over people’s heads. The power to compel American citi-zens to provide testimony under oath should be rarely used and specifically authorized. Quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, I think the American people are tired of the partisan witch hunts that we have grown accustomed to under this Republican leadership in this House. We are starting the new year, not by working in a bipartisan way to do the people’s business. Unfortunately, we are starting the new year debating the same old same old, bills that put poli-tics ahead of people. Mr. Speaker, that is truly sad. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ). Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, ObamaCare is intrusive, it is expensive, and it is full of broken promises. Its biggest failure is the simple fact that it makes life more difficult for hard-working Americans. In my district, I have heard countless horror stories from parents, from seniors, from businessowners, all of which under-score that there is simply nothing af-fordable about the perversely named Affordable Care Act. There is the story of Morris from Rowlett, Texas, who is the sole bread-winner for his family. Now, the least expensive plan that Morris could find on healthcare.gov costs him $854 per month, plus a $12,700 deductible. ObamaCare is preventing Morris from investing in things that really matter, like his son’s college education. Take Heather from Pottsboro, who on a $700-per-month income simply can’t afford the $287 per month that ObamaCare costs her. With health problems of her own, ObamaCare is pre-venting Heather from taking care of her 13-year-old daughter and a father with multiple sclerosis. Then there is Bryan, a small-business owner in my district who has seen a 50 percent increase in his monthly healthcare payments and deductible under ObamaCare. On top of that, Bryan can’t grow his business beyond 50 employees because he can’t afford to comply with the employer mandate or face its penalties. Mr. Speaker, these are just a few of the stories that demonstrate the very real problems that ObamaCare is cre-ating for hardworking Americans and why a better name for this law would be the Unaffordable Care Act. It is why I stand in support today of a reconcili-ation bill that will dismantle ObamaCare and defund Planned Par-enthood for the next year. I promised my constituents that I would do more than just vote to repeal ObamaCare, that I would help send a bill to the Oval Office that actually will get rid of this terrible law. Today, I am keeping that promise. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule and the reconciliation bill, just another budget measure being used as a vehicle to defund Planned Parenthood. This is the 11th Republican attack on women’s health in this Congress, in-cluding four prior votes to defund Planned Parenthood. While House Re-publicans have already passed 10 antiwomen health measures and are now voting on their 11th, they have not passed a single measure that helps women get the reproductive health care that they need. So here we are—Happy New Year and with a new House Speaker—facing the same old story: Republican attacks on women’s access to health care in the very first week. The news this morning reported Republicans are saying this bill will show the American people the difference between the political parties in this election year. For me, that is a shameful admission. The difference is clear: My Republican colleagues re-main willing to play partisan politics at the expense of women’s health care. The women of America are watching, and they don’t like what they see. Last fall, House Republicans threat-ened to shut down the government if must-pass omnibus legislation did not defund Planned Parenthood. Now, that effort was stopped, but only by prom-ises to include a defunding provision in this budget reconciliation bill and by the creation of a select panel to inves-tigate Planned Parenthood. Never mind the fact that three House committees have already investigated Planned Parenthood following the re-lease of selectively edited videos manu-factured by an antiabortion group and that none of these committees found any evidence of wrongdoing. Apparently, uninterested in the facts, Republicans have continued to make inflammatory and baseless claims. They also push forward on their new select investigative panel, meaning even more taxpayer dollars will be spent targeting the Nation’s re-productive healthcare providers in-stead of improving America’s access to critical healthcare services. Having established this select panel, House Republicans have now refused to wait for the panel to hold even its first meeting before voting, once again, to defund Planned Parenthood. In this at-mosphere, it is hard to imagine that any investigation will be fair and ob-jective. Members have already declared the organization guilty as charged, and there is no reason to believe that they will be more openminded with regard to others who provide safe and legal re-productive healthcare services in this Nation. Facts matter. The truth matters. De-spite our objection to the creation of the select panel, as its ranking mem-ber, I will work to ensure that the in-vestigation is as fair and transparent and as objective as possible. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman from Illinois. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. The relentless attacks on Planned Parenthood and other healthcare providers must stop and they will stop. Planned Parenthood serves almost 3 million American women, and there is no evidence of wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood to possibly justify the defunding of the Nation’s leading provider of reproduc-tive health care whose work helps to avoid thousands and thousands of abor-tions because they provide planned par-enthood. We should stop this latest effort to defund Planned Parenthood—and we will because this bill is going no-where—and instead take affirmative steps to improve women’s access to health care in this great Nation. Enough is enough. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), the vice chairwoman of the Rules Committee. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, this rule and the underlying motion to concur with the Senate amendment to H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, mark a significant achievement for Americans who value life and economic liberty. After years of work and dozens of votes in the face of acerbic rhetoric hurled at us from across the aisle, this House will send to the President’s desk legislation to remove the heavy hand of the Federal Government from Amer-icans’ health care and end the stream of taxpayer dollars that flows to an or-ganization that brutally kills precious unborn lives. When the so-called Affordable Care Act was passed in 2010, Republicans warned that the law would cause sig-nificant increases in the cost of health care and health insurance, reduce full- time jobs and work-hours available, and strain the safety net until it breaks. The American people were sold a bill of goods that has proven to be only a list of empty promises. Most of us re-call clearly these assurances: that we could keep our insurance plans, that we could keep our doctors, and that our out-of-pocket costs would go down. Mr. Speaker, the letters, emails, and telephone calls from my constituents 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.037 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH44 January 6, 2016 
tell me clearly that the Affordable Care Act has proven to be anything but affordable for North Carolinians, and the law has limited access to care and wasted billions of taxpayer dollars. It is time to undo this harmful law. Also included in the Senate amend-ment is a provision first passed by this House to stop the flow of Federal man-datory funds to Planned Parenthood. While Planned Parenthood does not re-ceive direct Federal funding for abor-tions, these actions are warranted, as a recent report from the Government Ac-countability Office shows that the or-ganization receives an average of 500 million taxpayer dollars each year for other lines of business. Money is fungible and the Federal funds that Planned Parenthood re-ceives ultimately subsidize their abor-tion services. Fortunately, there are many more options for women’s health care than the discredited abortion pro-vider, Planned Parenthood. While Planned Parenthood has only approximately 665 clinics, federally qualified health centers, FQHCs, and rural health centers, RHCs, have more than 13,000 publicly supported locations providing alternatives for women’s health care. This means there are 20 federally funded comprehensive care clinics for every one Planned Parent-hood. This bill does not change the availability of funds for women’s health. It simply establishes a safe-guard so that the Nation’s largest abor-tion chain is not the one providing such services. When Federal taxpayers have legiti-mate concerns that their hard-earned dollars are flowing to organizations that sanction the dismemberment of unborn children and that our system of law has loopholes allowing these atroc-ities to continue, we, as their elected representatives, are responsible for en-suring these concerns are heard and re-sponded to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentle-woman from North Carolina. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, our freedom rests on the cornerstone right we all have to life, and I fear we have lost sight of that. I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying motion to pro-tect innocent lives and restore our lib-erty. b1415 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and join in strong opposi-tion to this rule that will bring forward dangerous legislation that harms women, seniors, and families across America. In our first week back in this session, it is appalling that the Republicans be-lieve defunding Planned Parenthood, rolling back women’s access to health screenings, or raising prescription drug prices for seniors is a top priority. This latest attempt to defund Planned Parenthood and repeal the ACA is nothing short of an attack on women and low-income Americans. Seventy-five percent of Planned Par-enthood patients are low-income and often have nowhere else to go. Elimi-nating funding will have devastating consequences on the health of young women and men, Latinas, and LGBT Americans. This isn’t just dangerous public pol-icy. It is completely out of touch with the vast majority of Americans. When I meet with my constituents across Phoenix, I hear families worried about affording college, students strug-gling to pay their tuition and the amount of debt they have, and hard-working Americans who can’t afford the skyrocketing costs of prescription drugs. But I also hear relief: relief that came from the ACA, relief from young women who no longer have to pay for copays for birth control when they go to the pharmacy, relief that their an-nual exams no longer come with cost sharing, relief from seniors whose pre-scription drug costs are lower because we got rid of the Medicare doughnut hole, relief from parents that their child with chronic disease can’t be de-nied insurance coverage—all thanks to the Affordable Care Act. Women and all Americans deserve better than playing the same politics over their bodies and their health care. I urge my colleagues to defeat this dan-gerous rule and oppose the reconcili-ation package on behalf of millions of families who can’t afford to lose care once again. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ), a strong member of the Committee on Rules. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my Committee on Rules colleague for yielding, and I rise today in support of this rule and the underlying legisla-tion. This is a monumental vote. For the first time since Republicans took con-trol of this House in 2011, we are in a position to send a bill to the Presi-dent’s desk that would dismantle ObamaCare and eliminate Federal funding for Planned Parenthood, who we know sold body parts from aborted babies. This piece of legislation is about listening to the American people and working to advance their concerns right here in the people’s House. ObamaCare is fundamentally broken. It is not making health care more af-fordable. In fact, it is doing just the op-posite. As The New York Times pointed out just the other day, many Ameri-cans find it cheaper to pay the tax pen-alty and remain uninsured instead of signing up for a healthcare plan they simply cannot afford. That is exactly the opposite of how this law was sup-posed to work. My colleagues on the other side say that Republicans want to take away people’s health care. Let me tell you what took away people’s health care: this law did. I hear stories every time I go to the grocery store or hold a townhall meet-ing from people who had a healthcare plan that they liked, a plan they could afford, a plan that worked for them. Now, the President said over and over again, ‘‘If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.’’ That was not true. The people of the United States suf-fer today because they lost their healthcare plans or they simply can’t afford the cost and the new healthcare plan that has been forced on them. If you want to talk about taking away people’s health care from someone, that is what this law did. That is what the President of the United States did and what he continues to do with this law. We need to move past this govern-ment-mandated healthcare plan and in-stead empower the American people and their doctors. The people don’t want the Federal Government to tell them what type of health insurance they need or what doctors they should see. That is simply not the role of the Federal Government. We should get rid of this awful law and, instead, move forward with healthcare reform that puts the interests of the patient first, not the interests of the Federal Gov-ernment. Let’s pass this bill and send it to the President’s desk, and then he gets to make a choice. He can stand with the American people or he can stand against the American people. If he chooses to veto this bill, then the American people will have seen a clear choice between two different Americas: an America where the government knows best or an America where the people, the hardworking people who have made our country great, where the people are empowered. Let’s make the President decide. Let’s hold him accountable. Let’s do the work of our constituents, and let’s pass this bill on behalf of every Amer-ican who lost their healthcare plan or saw their healthcare costs increase. Let’s do this for them. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Alabama says this is a monumental vote. Let me get this straight. A bill that is going to the White House that will get the fastest veto that we have ever seen ever hap-pen in this country is somehow a mon-umental vote? I would suggest to my Republican colleagues, if they think this is a monumental vote, they have low standards. This is a political sound bite. This is a waste of taxpayer money. This is just a waste of everybody’s time. We ought to be talking about how to strengthen this economy, about how to get more people health care, not these political sound bites that really waste precious resources here in the Congress and, by the way, cost taxpayers money. All this wasted debate here, all this wasted time is costing taxpayers money. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.038 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H45 January 6, 2016 
Let’s find ways to make the Afford-able Care Act even better. Let’s find ways to make sure that 100 percent of the people in this country have the health care that they need, not be de-bating a sound bite, by the way, that, if it ever passed, would throw 22 mil-lion people off of health care. How can you go back to your districts and be proud of that? Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
O-
RETTA SANCHEZ ). Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman from Massachusetts for the time. Here we go again. Congress recon-venes and the majority is starting out the new year doing the same old thing. We come back from the holidays, a time for family, for reflection, and we begin this new year with a vote to crip-ple the health care of our families. The vote today would defund Planned Par-enthood, and it would repeal essential pieces of the Affordable Care Act. Mr. Speaker, I really don’t know how else to put this except to say that the Affordable Care Act works. It actually works for the people that I represent, for Californians, and for Americans, es-pecially those who never had health care before. Not only has this law been affirmed constitutionally by our Supreme Court, it has survived countless votes to dismantle it in this Chamber and the other. But thanks to the Affordable Care Act, the folks in my district have seen massive improvement in their community. From 2012 to 2014, more than 60,000 people at home in my area now have health insurance, and they never had it before. This is just about partisan politics today. You are right, Mr. M
CGOVERN , it is just about partisan politics. Instead of focusing on the issues that are im-portant to our families—immigration reform, addressing climate change, cre-ating jobs—no, here we go back again. Mr. Speaker, let’s cut the partisan politics. Let’s do what families need. Let’s vote against this. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to yield 2 minutes to a new Member from the great State of Georgia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule and the underlying bill, and I commend the months of hard work from my col-leagues to put together this historic piece of legislation. I likewise thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the other side of the aisle acts as though words are mean-ingless. The truth is the President promised the American people that, if they liked their insurance, they could keep it. He promised. He promised also that this would be more affordable health care. The reality, Mr. Speaker, is none of those promises were true. In fact, now we have millions of Americans who have lost their insurance because of this bill. We have millions of Ameri-cans now who are in a situation having to decide between drastically increas-ing health insurance costs that they have to pay or facing penalties and consequences for not participating. Mr. Speaker, the President also promised that this healthcare law, ObamaCare, would boost the economy. In fact, it has discouraged businesses from hiring more than 50 people and from having more than 30 hours a week for their workers to work. The President also told the American people that ObamaCare would not in-crease the deficit. As has already been mentioned here today, that is abso-lutely wrong. The CBO has clearly identified how the cost is going to in-crease tremendously. This reconciliation package remedies the harm and the devastation of the broken promises of this President. It repeals the very foundation of ObamaCare and places a 1-year morato-rium on funding Planned Parenthood. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, this is Alice in Wonderland. First the verdict, then the trial. The Republicans have declared the verdict against Planned Parenthood before ever holding the trial. With no shred of evidence aside from a series of blatantly manipulated videos, without a single House com-mittee finding any wrongdoing, with-out the select committee ostensibly set up to look at Planned Parenthood hold-ing a single meeting, they have decided in this bill to cut off all Federal fund-ing, including Medicaid reimburse-ment, for one organization. The legislation we are voting on today targets one organization and cuts it off from all Federal funding, in-cluding reimbursement for Medicaid services provided, for no justifiable leg-islative reason beyond punishment for offering a constitutionally protected medical procedure. This smacks of a clearly unconstitu-tional bill of attainder. The prohibition on bills of attainder exists to prevent just this kind of targeted attack on a single group. You cannot use legisla-tion to punish a single organization without any evidence or fair legislative process simply because you don’t like it. While the legislation never mentions the words ‘‘Planned Parenthood,’’ we have heard and will hear here today Planned Parenthood’s name over and over again from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle during this de-bate. No one can say this bill is not aimed directly at one organization. Of course, if the Republicans in Con-gress had any evidence that Planned Parenthood broke the law, they would have taken it to the Attorney General or the FBI, but they didn’t. If they had any faith in the extremists who made these accusations against Planned Par-enthood, they would have brought them before Congress to testify, but they didn’t. The truth is this attack on Planned Parenthood is knowingly based on a whole series of lies. The longer the Republicans keep up this pretense in order to stoke the flames with their inflammatory rhet-oric, the longer they put patients and providers at risk of unstable people committing murder, as we have seen at abortion clinics. Bulletproof glass and safe rooms should not be necessary for women to access basic health care like cancer screenings or contraception, but if this farcical attack on Planned Par-enthood doesn’t stop, that would be the norm for women around the country. You want a breast exam, you want con-traception, you put your life at risk. Do not be fooled by claims that this funding will go to other healthcare pro-viders and Planned Parenthood’s pa-tients will follow it. It is simply not true. More than half of Planned Par-enthood’s patients rely on Medicaid. Most States do not have enough pro-viders, particularly specialists like OB/ GYNs, taking Medicaid patients to ab-sorb Planned Parenthood’s patients. By voting to defund Planned Parent-hood today, you are leaving 2.7 million women, men, and families with no ac-cess to health care. Enough is enough. It is time for my Republican colleagues to accept what they know is true. Planned Parenthood has done nothing more than provide compassionate, comprehensive care for millions of Americans in a safe, legal manner. Stop the rhetoric. Stop the lies. Don’t deprive people of abortion serv-ices, of healthcare services, of contra-ception services, of breast exams. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule, vote ‘‘no’’ on the un-derlying bill, and don’t violate the Con-stitution with a bill of attainder. b1430 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support this rule and final passage of H.R. 3762. Since I was first sworn in to the House, my top priority has been to re-peal this disastrous healthcare law we call ObamaCare. Finally, today we have an opportunity to send to the President’s desk legislation that re-peals ObamaCare. Today we are going to end the indi-vidual mandate, stop the employer mandate, and repeal dozens of taxes and provisions that prevent people from actually getting affordable health coverage. I have always said we should incentivize health savings accounts, not tax them, and this bill repeals the tax on HSAs. It is obvious that ObamaCare has done nothing to reduce healthcare costs. I hear from many of the local business owners and constituents in my district every day about their struggle to comply with the law, let 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.039 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH46 January 6, 2016 
alone provide health coverage for their employees and their families. Manufacturers, construction compa-nies, and retail store owners are facing dramatic increases to their administra-tive and healthcare costs. This leaves them in the dangerous position of ObamaCare driving them out of busi-ness by making those decisions. Since signing it into law, the Presi-dent has delayed or repealed parts of ObamaCare for political reasons. This was a bad law to begin with because it is fundamentally unworkable and unaffordable. It is time to repeal it once and for all. I urge my colleagues to support this rule and support the passage of this bill. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just say that this debate is astonishing to me. What is so con-troversial on the Republican side is that millions and millions more Ameri-cans have health care. I heard someone over there say that fewer people have health care. They can’t produce any validators to support that statement. CBO and a whole bunch of other validators have actually said more peo-ple have health care. If they get their way, 22 million peo-ple will lose their health care. That is what this is about. This is about whether or not people in this country deserve health care or whether or not they don’t, whether or not you think health care is a right or whether, as my Republican friends say, it is a privi-lege. We think it is a right. I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman from Massa-chusetts for his leadership, and I thank him for yielding. Well, Mr. Speaker, here we go again and again and again. Once more, politi-cians are invading the bedrooms of the American women. I stand with Planned Parenthood. We will not go back. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of the Senate amendment to H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act of 2015. This bill guts ObamaCare, eliminating many of the penalties and programs that have been implemented over the last several years by this administration. Americans have been saddled with the burden of a healthcare insurance system that restricts what doctor they can see, what services they can receive, and has even limited them to who they can have as their pharmacist. If the President signs this bill into law, we can return the power of our healthcare system back to the Amer-ican people. Americans should be in charge of their healthcare system, not Washington, D.C. With this bill, Congress will elimi-nate the individual mandate, the em-ployer mandate, and repeal all future appropriated funds to the Prevention and Public Health Fund that has sup-ported the failing ObamaCare law for the last several years. It repeals the medical device tax, the excise tax on high-cost health insur-ance plans, and the $2,500 limit on flexible spending accounts. It also re-peals ObamaCare’s Medicaid expansion eligibility pathway, which has left many States suffering with budget problems, and it restricts Federal fund-ing to Planned Parenthood and its af-filiated clinics for a period of 1 year, with appropriate funds being redirected to Community Health Centers to better serve women and their health. This bill returns to the American people a system that is driven by the market, not by artificial formulas and percentages created by Washington bu-reaucrats. As a pharmacist and former owner of three independent pharmacies, I can assure you the only way to lower costs and create an opportunity for everyone to participate is by allowing the free market to work as it was meant to. I urge my colleagues to support this rule and this bill so that we can elimi-nate this burdensome healthcare plan and bring greater opportunities for Americans to receive affordable health care. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
EDLIEU). Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, House Republicans have un-veiled their new ideas for moving America forward, which include trying to repeal or undermine for the 62nd time the Affordable Care Act and for the 11th time attacking women’s health care, both of which are guaran-teed to be vetoed by President Obama. So one definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, ex-pecting a different result. There will be no different result today. The Affordable Care Act will remain the law of the land, and Planned Par-enthood will not be defunded. The Re-publicans know this. Because if the Af-fordable Care Act were actually to be repealed, over 22 million Americans would lose their health coverage, in-cluding 3.5 million Californians, and the Republicans have no plan for how they will fix this immediate healthcare crisis. In addition, millions more will lose healthcare access if Planned Par-enthood were to be defunded. If you want to look at hyperpartisan bills that waste time, squander tax-payer resources, and are going no-where, look at the GOP agenda. If you want ideas that will move America for-ward, such as investing in education, reducing carbon pollution, and creating jobs, look at the Democratic agenda. At least we are not insane. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. H
UELSKAMP ). Mr. HUELSKAMP. I thank my friend from Georgia for yielding. For months now, Americans have—in horror—watched gruesome undercover videos detailing Planned Parenthood’s barbaric practice of harvesting little baby body parts for profit. In one heartbreaking story, a whistleblower described how Planned Parenthood carved up the face of a baby boy whose heart was still beating and then har-vested his intact brain. As a father of four beautiful children by adoption, I listened to this gut- wrenching recollection only to think about millions of destroyed lives that won’t be given the chance at life my kids received. It is time to stop funneling millions of taxpayer funds to this abortion giant that prides itself in snuffing out the lives of innocent babies and then profiting off their little victims. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of H.R. 3762. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just respond to the gen-tleman that the overwhelming major-ity of the American people actually support Planned Parenthood. That is in spite of all the attacks and all the ac-cusations that have no basis and that have been hurled at them by my Re-publican friends. I just want to remind my colleagues that Planned Parenthood provides a number of services to patients, such as family planning counseling and contra-ception. They provide pregnancy tests and Pap tests. They provide lifesaving breast exams. This is an organization that provides for the health and well-being of mil-lions of people in this country, mostly poor women. Maybe that makes it easi-er for my friends on the other side to attack this program and this organiza-tion—because they primarily provide help to poor women—but that is what Planned Parenthood is about. And so this is an important organiza-tion, a good organization. That is why a majority of Americans support it. My friends are on the wrong side of public opinion on this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). Mr. PITTENGER. I thank the gen-tleman from Georgia for yielding. Mr. Speaker, taxpayer money should not be used for abortions, period. Tax-payer money should not be used to sup-port abortion providers, period. As Americans, we are proud to sup-port life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Yet, in the last fiscal year, $554 million of taxpayer money went to support Planned Parenthood. In the same year, it was responsible for the death of 323,999 innocent babies, even dismembering and selling baby parts. These lost children are a deep scar on our Nation. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle have countered that Planned Parenthood does more than provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.041 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H47 January 6, 2016 
abortions. Well, let’s take a look at the facts. According to Planned Parent-hood’s own 2014–2015 annual report, cancer screenings are down 27 percent, family planning and contraceptive services are down 18 percent, and STD prevention and treatments are down 6 percent. Planned Parenthood’s services declined in the same year that they re-ceived a nearly 5 percent increase in Federal funding. Mr. Speaker, we are accountable for American taxpayer dollars. H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, defunds Planned Parenthood and shifts those same taxpayer dollars to the much larger network of community health clinics that do not provide abortions. This legislation will increase access to healthcare services for women while upholding and strengthening the value of life. H.R. 3762 also defunds the unmiti-gated disaster known as ObamaCare. President Obama said you can keep your health plan. Well, we found out millions can’t. President Obama called this affordable. Well, it’s not. Pre-miums have gone up. Americans deserve the freedom to choose the health plan that is right for them, not the one selected by Presi-dent Obama. Please join me in supporting H.R. 3762 to protect taxpayer dollars from being spent on abortions while increas-ing access to healthcare services for women, as we also defund ObamaCare and its legislation. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just have to correct the record. The gentleman said that taxpayer money should not be spent on abortions. It can’t be. That is the law. I don’t know what he is talking about. I also should point out to the gen-tleman that more than 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does is pre-ventative care. So I get it. It is the political rhetoric that people get carried away with. But let’s at least try to stick to facts at least a little bit. Let’s also under-stand—so my colleague has no confu-sion here—that the law here is that no taxpayer money can be spent for abor-tions. So let’s clear that up. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ). Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise, obviously, to support the rule, but I also rise in strong support of the Re-storing Americans’ Healthcare Free-dom Reconciliation Act, a crucial piece of legislation with bicameral support. This bill continues our efforts to pro-tect patients, families, taxpayers, and communities across the Nation. It will lift the burdens of the President’s healthcare law and give back the power over healthcare decisions to individual patients and families. This bill gives us the opportunity to take crucial steps toward a more pa-tient-centered healthcare system. It gives us the opportunity to reduce our Nation’s deficit by repealing the ma-jority of the burdensome healthcare taxes and ending harsh penalties. This legislation also gives us the op-portunity to save lives. In light of Planned Parenthood’s unethical and potentially illegal activity, I firmly be-lieve our taxpayers should not be forced to pay for such organizations. We must protect the rights of tax-payers and, more importantly, the rights of the unborn. b1445 As I have said before, I remain dedi-cated to giving a voice to our most fragile Americans who cannot speak for themselves. I am proud this legisla-tion helps us protect those who need protection most. I urge my colleagues to support this good bill. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, let’s be clear. Other than a verbal assault against Planned Parenthood and a verbal assault against the Affordable Care Act, this bill will do nothing. It is going to be vetoed really quickly. Maybe it is red meat for the political base, but if that satisfies your political base, great. I would say they are a cheap date if this is what it takes to satisfy them. But we ought to be dealing with some serious issues here, and I am going to urge my colleagues to defeat the pre-vious question. If we do, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up bi-partisan legislation that would close a glaring loophole in our gun laws allow-ing suspected terrorists to legally buy firearms. The bill would bar the sale of fire-arms and explosives to those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. I don’t know why that is so controversial, but some of my friends find that to be a con-troversial issue. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure for many dif-ferent reasons, but let me just touch on three. One, Gordon Sullivan was former Chief of Staff of the United States Army, and he once observed that hope was not a method. Irregardless of the good intentions behind the Affordable Care Act, I think that, from an actuarial standpoint, if you really look at it, you would have to say that hope was, indeed, part of the method. I say that because if you look at the number of young people that were an-ticipated to sign up, already 7.5 million folks have said: No, I am not signing up, I would rather take the penalty than sign up. And what that creates is a big liability for the taxpayer. Two, I would make the point that there have been real implications for the small-business person. We have a company back home in Charleston by the name of East Bay Deli. The owner came to me just a number of weeks ago and said: Look, I was going to open up a couple of more shops but, given the cost that I have seen with the Afford-able Care Act for my small business, I am not going to do that. Ninety em-ployees that won’t have jobs as a con-sequence. Finally, our healthcare system has been predicated on a doctor-patient re-lationship. That Hippocratic Oath, that direct tie between doctor and patient, is part and parcel to the whole system. Yet the Affordable Care Act, again, in the whole, begins to undermine that. So for many different reasons, those three among them, I rise in support of this measure. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
ANGEL ). (Mr. RANGEL asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I am al-most embarrassed to get up here and discuss this legislation and believe that its sponsors really think that it is going to become law. That is what the reputation of the Congress is supposed to be all about. But even when it is such an impor-tant decision, we like to talk about things that we are doing as a matter of life and death, but we don’t really mean it. It is just a political expres-sion. But when you are talking about health care and realize that this is the only industrialized country left that has not seen fit to believe that health care is a matter of right, it goes be-yond politics when we pass a bill so that people throughout the United States will be able to enjoy health care, that we don’t find one Member of the opposition party joining in that legislation. It is beyond belief that people can complain that not enough young people are signing up, or that employers are skeptical, or that there are people who lack confidence in this bill, when the majority party in this Congress has condemned this bill with such utter contempt that, for over 50 times, they would come and attempt to repeal it, and then expect that everybody should have confidence in it. Why are we doing this? How can any party dislike, hate, or disagree with the President so much that they would spend millions of dollars of the tax-payers’ money to attack a national healthcare-providing bill and not have the least idea as to whether or not, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.042 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH48 January 6, 2016 
first of all, they know it is not going to become law, but not enough common sense and decency to provide an alter-native. We all know that 7 years ago, when President Obama was first elected, that the leaders of the Republican Party said that their first job would be to get rid of President Obama. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 20 seconds. Mr. RANGEL. I thank the gentleman. I close by saying, everybody here knows this will never become law. It is a political statement. As a politician, there is nothing wrong with political statements. But to have one that is so wrapped up with hypocrisy and hatred is very awkward for us to continue in this body and believe that anything we attempt to do to send to the President would have anyone believing that we are doing it because it is the right thing to do. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from In-diana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). Mrs. WALORSKI. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the rule for the Restoring Ameri-cans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconcili-ation Act of 2015. This important legislation would re-peal the employer and individual man-dates, the ObamaCare slush fund, and the numerous harmful taxes on every-thing from medical devices to health insurers to the insurance plans them-selves. Mr. Speaker, ObamaCare is an un-popular, failed law. Polls have shown it, elections have demonstrated it, and rising premiums have proven it. I wasn’t in this body when this law passed. I was watching in horror with the rest of the American people as the legislative process was railroaded to push it through. But let’s consider the contrast today to what we have before us, a bill that both the House and the Senate came together to guide through the normal legislative process. Let’s start 2016 the right way and make President Obama own this law in a way that he has not had to do yet. Let’s continue to work here in Con-gress toward a commonsense plan to replace this damaging law. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, a picture is always worth a thousand words, and this is a picture of words. It is very clear that the Affordable Care Act has been a lifesaver for many Americans. And this budget reconcili-ation act is obviously misdirected, wrong directed, and the 62nd time this body has tried to gut ObamaCare. Thank you, Mr. President, for vetoing it, no matter whether it came from the Senate or the House. We worked, without ceasing, to get a bill that would cover millions of Amer-icans. It was a deliberative process, and everyone had a right to vote. The Republicans refused to vote for good health care, and here we are, 13 million Americans benefitted from $1.1 billion in rebates for health insurance; 105 million Americans, including 71 million Americans in private plans and 34 million in Medicare. Last August, millions of women began receiving free coverage for com-prehensive women’s care; 17 million children with preexisting conditions have insurance; 6.6 million young peo-ple have insurance; 6.3 million seniors. And, of course, they want to attack Planned Parenthood, which provides vulnerable women with health care. I don’t know what they view the budget reconciliation act, but I call it the Anti-New Year’s Celebration. Now that we have a new year, we have this horrible bill. Vote against it, and vote for a thousand words right here. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule for H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. I oppose the rule for H.R. 2762 for three reasons: 1. The rule only allows one hour of debate equally divided between the supporters and opponents of the rule; 2. This is not an open rule that would allow for amendments that could have been offered improve the bill; and 3. The President has communicated to the House that he will veto this bill if it is not amended. The House needs more time to debate this bill because it could mean a return to the days when nearly 20% of Americans had seriously deficient healthcare coverage or none at all. Unfortunately this rule for the underlying bill is the latest GOP attempt to end the Afford-able Care Act guarantee of access to health insurance for millions of Americans and not an attempt to improve the lives of working men and women or their families. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice estimates that H.R. 3762, would result in 22 million Americans losing their health cov-erage after 2017. The impact of the bill should it become law is significant and should have more than an hour of debate prior to a vote. The worse thing about this bill is that the authors are well aware of the public reaction should it become law, and this is why it would not go into effect during 2016, but 2017 after the general election and would remove health coverage for those who are the most vulner-able such as those who have coverage under the Medicaid expansion. I also object that this is a closed rule that does not allow amendments that could provide support for bipartisan efforts to improve the bill. Instead of attempting to repeal and under-mine this law, we should use our time to work together to make improvements where nec-essary such as ending the so called ‘‘Cadillac Tax’’ and making sure that health insurance is focused on providing the care prescribed by doctors and not health insurance plans. Finally, I oppose the rule and the underlying bill because the Administration has made it clear that this bill will be vetoed if presented for signature by the President. The House has important work it should be doing such as voting on legislation to create new infrastructure to support the 21st century need for universal high-speed broadband ac-cess and; closing the gap in STEM employ-ment opportunities and skills that has over 1 million positions that are going unfilled; and strengthening gun safety by increasing the number of agents at the ATF to ensure that all gun dealers are following the law; and pro-moting greater access to mental health serv-ices. Instead we continue to waste time on fight-ing the Affordable Care Law in ways that would hurt Americans who need affordable, assessable and available healthcare we could be engaged in productive legislative work. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues reject this bad rule and the flawed underlying legisla-tion. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would inquire of my friend from Massachu-setts if he has any further speakers re-maining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Right now, just me. Mr. WOODALL. I am going to ask the good doctor to close us today. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I have great affection for my friends on the other side of the aisle, but I don’t understand their ob-session with trying to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act or their obsession with trying to defund Planned Parent-hood. I mean, if they get their way on the Affordable Care Act, they would throw 22 million people out of their health insurance plans; 22 million peo-ple would lose their coverage. Young people who are 26 years old and under would lose their healthcare benefits. Right now they can stay on their family’s healthcare plans up to 26. They would lose that. It used to be that if you are a woman it would be considered a preexisting condition and your insurance rates would be higher. The Affordable Care Act prevents that. The doughnut hole in the prescrip-tion drug plan, the cost to senior citi-zens, is closing. Ultimately, we will eliminate that doughnut hole because of the Affordable Care Act. That is all good. Medicare’s solvency has been ex-panded because of this. Millions more people have health insurance as a re-sult. That is a good thing. But they want to take it away. On Planned Parenthood, I mean, most of what they do is provide pre-ventative care to women. They want to take that away. It is cruel. It is a cruel thing to do. I can’t believe that there isn’t bipar-tisan consensus in this place that health care is something that people need and we ought to make sure they have access to it. My friends have been in charge of this Congress for a long time. They can’t even offer an alternative. They can tell us what they are against, but they can’t tell us what they are for. They have done nothing to help expand the ability of people to get health in-surance in this country. All they do is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.043 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H49 January 6, 2016 
come to the floor and talk about re-pealing bills that will make it more difficult for people. I can’t understand how you get up every morning and go to work and that is your mission, to make it more dif-ficult for people in this country, to throw 22 million people off the health insurance rolls, to make it more dif-ficult for vulnerable women to get pre-ventative care at Planned Parenthood. That is the mission. That is how we are beginning this new year. And it really is sad, and it is really disheart-ening, I think, for a lot of us who came here to try to make a difference in peo-ple’s lives, to try to help improve the quality of life for people. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this terrible, terrible bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Lewisville, Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ), a good doctor who doesn’t just talk about health care, but who does get up every morning to provide that health care to Americans. Mr. BURGESS. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, since this bill passed the House in March of 2010, probably half of the Congress has changed. So for the benefit of people who were not here in March of 2010, who did not see this debate in its full-throated entirety in 2010, I want to just revisit a couple of the salient pieces that led up to the passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. People may ask themselves, why doesn’t this law enjoy more popu-larity? In fact, the night it was passed, as reported on CNN, the American peo-ple were opposed to the passage of this law by about 52 percent. That number is essentially unchanged almost 6 years later. And what was the promise of the Af-fordable Care Act? Well, let me remind people. And don’t take my word for it. This is in the inestimable words of Jon-athan Gruber, an economics professor from MIT who published a graphic novel about the Affordable Care Act. 
Yay. Hooray. Everyone will be able to af-ford insurance. You won’t have to worry about going broke if you get sick. We will start to bring the cost of health care under control, and we will do this all while reduc-ing the Federal deficit. 
Why wasn’t it more popular when it was passed? Well, Mr. Speaker, here we are, about 2 weeks after Christmas Eve, and it was Christmas Eve of 2009 when this bill passed the Senate. And I would remind people in this body, it was not a House bill that passed the Senate. Well, I take that back. It was a House bill. It was H.R. 3590. That was a bill dealing with vet-erans’ housing that had passed this House July of 2009 and had nothing to do with health care. But because this bill, this law, was a massive piece of tax policy, it had to originate in the House. Except it didn’t, but the bill number originated in the House. So the bill that was passed by the Senate on Christmas Eve in 2009, with a big snowstorm bearing down on Washington, D.C., every Senator want-ing to get out of town and get home to their district, the bill that was passed read as follows: ‘‘Strike all after the enacting clause and insert—’’ That means it took out all the hous-ing language and put in all the healthcare language and, more impor-tantly, all of the tax policy. b1500 That bill passed the Senate with 60 votes. Of course at that time, Demo-crats held a 60-vote majority in the Senate, and it allegedly was to come back to a conference committee with the House except that the Senate lost a Democratic Senator in that timeframe. HARRY REIDtold the then-Speaker of the House, N
ANCY PELOSI , that he no longer had 60 votes and there was sim-ply nothing more he could do. It was up to the Speaker of the House to pass the Senate bill with no changes because he could not bring it back before the Sen-ate because he no longer had 60 votes. So the next 3 months, literally, were consumed with arm-twisting, kneecapping, and trying to convince people to vote for something that was against their fundamental best inter-est. So is it a surprise that it did not enjoy popular support on the day it was passed and it has not achieved popular support even with all the giveaways and even with all the Federal money pumped into it since that time? The reason, Mr. Speaker, is very sim-ple. At the heart of this—at the heart of this—is a very coercive—really, it is unique in Federal policy. The Federal Government tells you what you have to do. You have to buy a healthcare pol-icy. Then they seek to regulate it under the Commerce Clause. It was the most convoluted logic any-one had ever seen. But it was coercive, and that coerciveness led to the corro-siveness that has underlain the Afford-able Care Act ever since. No wonder people look at this. It was conceived—it was conceived—in a falsehood and then delivered to the American people under a false promise. Indeed, it has harmed—as we have heard over and over again from people that it has harmed—individuals in indi-vidual districts across this country. Mr. Speaker, I stand today in support of the rule and in support of the rec-onciliation bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 579 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN OF MASSACHUSETTS  Strike all after the resolved clause and in-sert: That immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1076) to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives licenses to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 2. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 1076. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.045 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH50 January 6, 2016 
who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question on House Resolution 579 will be followed by 5-minute votes on adoption of House Resolution 579, if ordered; ordering the previous question on House Resolution 580; and adoption of House Resolution 580, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 239, nays 175, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 2] YEAS—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—175 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Byrne Cleaver DeLauro Hinojosa Huffman Issa Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) Nugent Payne Rigell Rush Ryan (OH) Takai Titus Webster (FL) 
b1530 Mrs. NAPOLITANO, Messrs. FARR and BEYER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. (By unanimous consent, Mr. SES-SIONS was allowed to speak out of order.) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY COMMITTEE ON RULES RE -
GARDING AMENDMENTS TO H .R. 1644, SUP-
PORTING TRANSPARENT REGULATORY AND EN -
VIRONMENTAL ACTIONS IN MINING ACT  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, yester-day the Rules Committee issued a Dear Colleague outlining the amendment process for H.R. 1644, the STREAM Act. An amendment deadline has been set for Monday, January 11, 2016, at 10 a.m. Amendments should be drafted to the text of the bill as reported by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources and as posted on the Rules Committee’s Web site. Please feel free to contact either me or the Rules Committee’s staff with any questions a Member or staff may have. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 237, noes 177, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 3] AYES—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.021 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H51 January 6, 2016 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—177 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Brat Cleaver DeLauro Hinojosa Issa Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) Nugent Payne Rigell Rooney (FL) Rush Ryan (OH) Takai Titus Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1540 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 3, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 712, SUNSHINE FOR REG-ULATORY DECREES AND SET-TLEMENTS ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1155, SEARCHING FOR AND CUTTING REGULATIONS THAT ARE UNNECESSARILY BUR-DENSOME ACT OF 2015 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 580) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 712) to im-pose certain limitations on consent de-crees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1155) to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 241, nays 176, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 4] YEAS—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—176 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.017 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH52 January 6, 2016 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Cleaver DeLauro Hinojosa Issa Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) Nugent Payne Rush Ryan (OH) Takai Titus Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1548 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 239, noes 176, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 5] AYES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—176 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—18 
Cleaver Comstock DeLauro Frelinghuysen Hinojosa Issa Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) Nugent Payne Rush Ryan (OH) Takai Titus Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1557 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 5, my vote did not register. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
RESTORING AMERICANS’ HEALTH-CARE FREEDOM RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 579, I call up the bill (H.R. 3762) to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to sec-tion 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment. Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: TITLE I—HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS 
SEC. 101. THE PREVENTION AND PUBLIC HEALTH FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 4002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.018 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H53 January 6, 2016 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2015’’; and (2) by striking paragraphs (3) through (5). (b) R
ESCISSION OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS.—Of the funds made available by such section 4002, the unobligated balance is rescinded. 
SEC. 102. COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER PRO-GRAM. 
Effective as if included in the enactment of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10, 129 Stat. 87), paragraph (1) of section 221(a) of such Act is amended by inserting after ‘‘Section 10503(b)(1)(E) of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–2(b)(1)(E)) is amended’’ the following: ‘‘by striking ‘$3,600,000,000’ and inserting ‘$3,835,000,000’ and’’. 
SEC. 103. TERRITORIES. 
Section 1323(c) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18043(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) N
O FORCE AND EFFECT .—Effective Janu-ary 1, 2018, this subsection shall have no force or effect.’’. 
SEC. 104. REINSURANCE, RISK CORRIDOR, AND RISK ADJUSTMENT PROGRAMS. 
(a) T RANSITIONAL REINSURANCE PROGRAM FOR  I
NDIVIDUAL MARKET .—Section 1341 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18061) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) N
OFORCE AND EFFECT .—Effective Janu-ary 1, 2016, the Secretary shall not collect fees and shall not make payments under this sec-tion.’’. 
SEC. 105. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO SUBSTANCE ABUSE PUBLIC HEALTH CRISIS AND URGENT MENTAL HEALTH NEEDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated, and are appropriated, out of mon-ies in the Treasury not otherwise obligated, $750,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) to award grants to States to address the substance abuse public health crisis or to re-spond to urgent mental health needs within the State. In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary may give preference to States with an incidence or prevalence of substance use dis-orders that is substantial relative to other States or to States that identify mental health needs within their communities that are urgent rel-ative to such needs of other States. Funds ap-propriated under this subsection shall remain available until expended. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS.—Grants awarded to a State under subsection (a) shall be used for one or more of the following public health-related activities: (1) Improving State prescription drug moni-toring programs. (2) Implementing prevention activities, and evaluating such activities to identify effective strategies to prevent substance abuse. (3) Training for health care practitioners, such as best practices for prescribing opioids, pain management, recognizing potential cases of substance abuse, referral of patients to treat-ment programs, and overdose prevention. (4) Supporting access to health care services provided by federally certified opioid treatment programs or other appropriate health care pro-viders to treat substance use disorders or mental health needs. (5) Other public health-related activities, as the State determines appropriate, related to ad-dressing the substance abuse public health crisis or responding to urgent mental health needs within the State. TITLE II—FINANCE 
SEC. 201. RECAPTURE EXCESS ADVANCE PAY-MENTS OF PREMIUM TAX CREDITS. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 36B(f)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) NONAPPLICABILITY OF LIMITATION .—This subparagraph shall not apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2015, and before Jan-uary 1, 2018.’’. 
SEC. 202. PREMIUM TAX CREDIT AND COST-SHAR-ING SUBSIDIES. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PREMIUM TAXCREDIT .—Sub- part C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 36B. (b) R
EPEAL OF COST-SHARING SUBSIDY .—Sec- tion 1402 of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act is repealed. (c) R
EPEAL OF ELIGIBILITY DETERMINA -
TIONS .—The following sections of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act are re-pealed: (1) Section 1411 (other than subsection (i), the last sentence of subsection (e)(4)(A)(ii), and such provisions of such section solely to the ex-tent related to the application of the last sen-tence of subsection (e)(4)(A)(ii)). (2) Section 1412. (d) P
ROTECTING AMERICANS BY REPEAL OF  D
ISCLOSURE AUTHORITY TOCARRY OUTELIGI-
BILITY REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN PRO-
GRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (21) of section 6103(l) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) T
ERMINATION .—No disclosure may be made under this paragraph after December 31, 2017.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) P
REMIUM TAX CREDIT .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) C
OST SHARING -SUBSIDIES AND ELIGIBILITY  
DETERMINATIONS .—The repeals in subsection (b) and (c) shall take effect on December 31, 2017. (3) P
ROTECTING AMERICANS BY RESCINDING DIS -
CLOSURE AUTHORITY .—The amendments made by subsection (d) shall take effect on December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 203. SMALL BUSINESS TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45R of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) S
HALL NOTAPPLY.—This section shall not apply with respect to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 204. INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B) by striking clauses (ii) and (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) Zero percent for taxable years beginning after 2014.’’, and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘$0’’, (B) by striking ‘‘and $325 for 2015’’ in sub-paragraph (B), and (C) by striking subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 205. EMPLOYER MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by in-serting ‘‘($0 in the case of months beginning after December 31, 2014)’’ after ‘‘$2,000’’. (2) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by in-serting ‘‘($0 in the case of months beginning after December 31, 2014)’’ after ‘‘$3,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 206. FEDERAL PAYMENTS TO STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 504(a), 1902(a)(23), 1903(a), 2002, 2005(a)(4), 2102(a)(7), or 2105(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 704(a), 1396a(a)(23), 1396b(a), 1397a, 1397d(a)(4), 1397bb(a)(7), 1397ee(a)(1)), or the terms of any Medicaid waiver in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is ap-proved under section 1115 or 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315, 1396n), for the 1- year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, no Federal funds provided from a program referred to in this subsection that is considered direct spending for any year may be made available to a State for payments to a pro-hibited entity, whether made directly to the pro-hibited entity or through a managed care orga-nization under contract with the State. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) P
ROHIBITED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘prohibited entity’’ means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clinics— (A) that, as of the date of enactment of this Act— (i) is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; (ii) is an essential community provider de-scribed in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (as in effect on the date of en-actment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, reproductive health, and related medical care; and (iii) provides for abortions, other than an abortion— (I) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (II) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life-endan-gering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself; and (B) for which the total amount of Federal and State expenditures under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act in fis-cal year 2014 made directly to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity, or made to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity as part of a nationwide health care provider network, exceeded $350,000,000. (2) D
IRECT SPENDING .—The term ‘‘direct spending’’ has the meaning given that term under section 250(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)). 
SEC. 207. MEDICAID. 
The Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1108(g)(5), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; (2) in section 1902— (A) in subsection (a)(10)(A), in each of clauses (i)(VIII) and (ii)(XX), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2017,’’ after ‘‘January 1, 2014,’’; (B) in subsection (a)(47)(B), by inserting ‘‘and provided that any such election shall cease to be effective on January 1, 2018, and no such elec-tion shall be made after that date’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (C) in subsection (l)(2)(C), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2017,’’ after ‘‘January 1, 2014,’’; (3) in each of sections 1902(gg)(2) and 2105(d)(3)(A), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’; (4) in section 1905— (A) in the first sentence of subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘(50 percent on or after January 1, 2018)’’ after ‘‘55 percent’’; (B) in subsection (y)(1), by striking the semi-colon at the end of subparagraph (B) and all that follows through ‘‘thereafter’’; and (C) in subsection (z)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘each year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2017’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.023 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH54 January 6, 2016 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking the semicolon at the end of subclause (IV) and all that follows through ‘‘100 percent’’; (5) in section 1915(k)(2), by striking ‘‘during the period described in paragraph (1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘on or after the date referred to in para-graph (1) and before January 1, 2018’’; (6) in section 1920(e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This subsection shall not apply after December 31, 2017.’’; (7) in section 1937(b)(5), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This paragraph shall not apply after December 31, 2017.’’; and (8) in section 1943(a), by inserting ‘‘and before January 1, 2018,’’ after ‘‘January 1, 2014,’’. 
SEC. 208. REPEAL OF DSH ALLOTMENT REDUC-TIONS. 
Section 1923(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–4(f)) is amended by striking para-graphs (7) and (8). 
SEC. 209. REPEAL OF THE TAX ON EMPLOYEE HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS AND HEALTH PLAN BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 43 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 4980I. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 210. REPEAL OF TAX ON OVER-THE-COUNTER MEDICATIONS. 
(a) HSA S.—Subparagraph (A) of section 223(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Such term’’ and all that follows through the period. (b) A
RCHER MSA S.—Subparagraph (A) of sec-tion 220(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Such term’’ and all that follows through the period. (c) H
EALTH FLEXIBLE SPENDING ARRANGE -
MENTS AND HEALTH REIMBURSEMENT ARRANGE -
MENTS .—Section 106 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subsection (f). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) D
ISTRIBUTIONS FROM SAVINGS ACCOUNTS .— The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall apply to amounts paid with respect to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. (2) R
EIMBURSEMENTS .—The amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to expenses in-curred with respect to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 211. REPEAL OF TAX ON HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
(a) HSA S.—Section 223(f)(4)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘10 percent’’. (b) A
RCHER MSA S.—Section 220(f)(4)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘15 per-cent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions made after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 212. REPEAL OF LIMITATIONS ON CON-TRIBUTIONS TO FLEXIBLE SPEND-ING ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 125 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subsection (i). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 213. REPEAL OF TAX ON PRESCRIPTION MEDICATIONS. 
Subsection (j) of section 9008 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(j) R
EPEAL .—This section shall apply to cal-endar years beginning after December 31, 2010, and ending before January 1, 2016.’’. 
SEC. 214. REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subchapter E. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to sales in calendar quarters beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 215. REPEAL OF HEALTH INSURANCE TAX. 
Subsection (j) of section 9010 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(j) R
EPEAL .—This section shall apply to cal-endar years beginning after December 31, 2013, and ending before January 1, 2016.’’. 
SEC. 216. REPEAL OF ELIMINATION OF DEDUC-TION FOR EXPENSES ALLOCABLE TO MEDICARE PART D SUBSIDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 139A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘This sec-tion shall not be taken into account for pur-poses of determining whether any deduction is allowable with respect to any cost taken into ac-count in determining such payment.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 217. REPEAL OF CHRONIC CARE TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘10 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘7.5 per-cent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 218. REPEAL OF MEDICARE TAX INCREASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 3101 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) H
OSPITAL INSURANCE .—In addition to the tax imposed by the preceding subsection, there is hereby imposed on the income of every indi-vidual a tax equal to 1.45 percent of the wages (as defined in section 3121(a)) received by such individual with respect to employment (as de-fined in section 3121(b).’’. (b) SECA.—Subsection (b) of section 1401 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) H
OSPITAL INSURANCE .—In addition to the tax imposed by the preceding subsection, there shall be imposed for each taxable year, on the self-employment income of every individual, a tax equal to 2.9 percent of the amount of the self-employment income for such taxable year.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to remu-neration received after, and taxable years begin-ning after, December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 219. REPEAL OF TANNING TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking chapter 49. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to services performed on or after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 220. REPEAL OF NET INVESTMENT TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking chapter 2A. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 221. REMUNERATION. 
Paragraph (6) of section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) T
ERMINATION .—This paragraph shall not apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015.’’. 
SEC. 222. ECONOMIC SUBSTANCE DOCTRINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (o) of section 7701 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is re-pealed. (b) P
ENALTY FOR UNDERPAYMENTS .—Para- graph (6) of section 6662(b) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 is repealed. (c) I
NCREASED PENALTY FOR NONDISCLOSED  T
RANSACTIONS .—Subsection (i) of section 6662 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is repealed. (d) R
EASONABLE CAUSE EXCEPTION FOR UN-
DERPAYMENTS .—Paragraph (2) of section 6664(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is repealed. (e) REASONABLE CAUSE EXCEPTION FOR NON-
DISCLOSED TRANSACTIONS .—Paragraph (2) of section 6664(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is repealed. (f) E
RRONEOUS CLAIM FOR REFUND OR CRED-
IT.—Subsection (c) of section 6676 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is repealed. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The repeals made by this section shall apply to transactions entered into, and to underpayments, understatements, or refunds and credits attributable to trans-actions entered into, after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 223. BUDGETARY SAVINGS FOR EXTENDING MEDICARE SOLVENCY. 
As a result of policies contained in this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund under section 1817 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395i) $379,300,000,000 (which represents the full amount of on-budget savings during the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025) for ex-tending Medicare solvency, to remain available until expended. 
MOTION OFFERED BY MR . TOM PRICE OF GEORGIA  
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Price of Georgia moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3762. 
b1600 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 579, the mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget. The gentleman from Georgia (Mr. T
OMPRICE) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act of 2015. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This is a big day. For the first time— for the first time—since the law was enacted, Congress is one vote away from sending a broad repeal of ObamaCare to the President’s desk. This marks a significant step in the fight for patient-centered health care for all Americans. It will lay the foun-dation for how Congress can begin to roll back the disastrous policies that are destroying the sacred doctor-pa-tient relationship. The legislation before us today is critical to our larger effort to rid America’s healthcare system from undue Washington interference and bu-reaucratic dictates and pave the way for real, positive, patient-centered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.023 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H55 January 6, 2016 
health reform that puts patients and families and doctors in charge of healthcare decisions. This bill repeals the most corrosive components of ObamaCare. It elimi-nates nearly a trillion dollars in oner-ous ObamaCare taxes and eliminates the individual and employer mandate penalties, key pillars of the ObamaCare scheme. Under ObamaCare, millions of Ameri-cans have been added to a Medicaid system that fails to provide its bene-ficiaries with adequate access to physi-cians and other providers. We end that. Expanding Medicaid is not the an-swer. Reforming Medicaid so that States have greater flexibility to care for those in need is the answer. This legislation also repeals the pre-mium subsidies and tax credits which have failed to control and, in fact, have increased health coverage costs. The current law has made healthcare cov-erage less affordable and less accessible for millions of Americans. All of this would be done on a timeline to allow for a new, positive so-lution that will make the purchase of health insurance financially feasible for all Americans and do so in a way that gives individuals, families, and employers the power to choose the type of coverage that they want for them-selves, not that Washington forces them to buy. H.R. 3762 also halts Federal funding for abortion providers that are prohib-ited under this legislation. It in-creases—increases, Mr. Speaker—the funding for community healthcare cen-ters to help direct more resources to women’s direct care. Taken together, the Congressional Budget Office esti-mates that this bill would reduce the deficit by $516 billion over the next dec-ade. Seven separate committees and the full House and Senate have contributed to this effort. The entire reconciliation would not have been possible had the House and Senate not first agreed to a budget resolution conference agree-ment. The budget gave Congress the authority to pursue the reconciliation process and, through that, the oppor-tunity to put this repeal of ObamaCare on the President’s desk. Ultimately, however, the American people are less interested in process and procedure. They want results, and they want to know who is fighting to improve their way of life, who is work-ing to provide relief to the biggest challenges facing individuals and fami-lies and job creators today. No matter how you slice it, ObamaCare is harming the American people. Premiums and deductibles and other out-of-pocket costs are going up, not down, as the President had prom-ised. Millions of Americans have been kicked off the coverage that they had. That is less access and fewer choices at a higher cost. That is exactly the oppo-site direction we need to be going, and the American people know it. We all want a healthcare system that is affordable and accessible and respon-sive to our individual needs, full of choices and innovative treatment op-tions and of the highest quality. That is not too much to ask, Mr. Speaker. It is certainly achievable, but only if we pursue patient-centered solutions that are focused on embracing those prin-ciples in health care that we all hold dear. I look forward to this debate and the opportunity to share with the Amer-ican people how we solve this chal-lenge, the challenge in America’s healthcare system, by putting them in charge of their healthcare decisions, not Washington. I encourage my colleagues to support this resolution, this measure. Let’s take this final step in reconciliation to send an ObamaCare repeal bill to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This is a sad and shameful way to begin the new year 2016 here in the United States Congress. This bill is entitled Restoring Ameri-cans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconcili-ation Act, the freedom of health insur-ance companies to once again deny health care to people based on pre-existing conditions. It may be a new year, Mr. Speaker, but here we go again. We are in this Congress, on the floor of this House for the 62nd time with this effort to dis-mantle the Affordable Care Act and, to add insult to injury, to deny millions of women access to healthcare choices by targeting Planned Parenthood. While the calendar has changed, the Tea Party Republican agenda remains the same. Despite all the pressing issues we face in this country at home and abroad, the only thing and the first thing our Republican colleagues decide to bring to the floor of the House as the most pressing business to start 2016 is to take away access to affordable care from 22 million Americans and deny access to affordable care for mil-lions of American women. That 22 million figure, Mr. Speaker, that is not my figure. That is the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office that has looked at this legislation and concluded that, as a result of this bill, 22 million Americans will lose access to their affordable health insurance. It will be the freedom to be uninsured, the freedom to not have any oppor-tunity to have coverage when your family has healthcare needs. Mr. Speaker, if you look at this chart, you can see that the Affordable Care Act has already made a dramatic difference in bringing down the number of uninsured in the United States of America, yet here we are in a new year, and the first act of this Republican Congress will be to turn back the clock and change that figure. I really hope, Mr. Speaker, that our colleagues will begin to focus on more important issues in the days ahead. Ev-erybody knows that this will take about a nanosecond for the President of the United States to veto because the President of the United States is not going to allow 22 million Ameri-cans to lose their access to affordable health insurance, and the President is not going to allow millions of Ameri-cans and millions of American women to lose access to reproductive choice and a range of healthcare options here in the United States. It is disturbing, shameful, and sad that this is the way we are starting the new year. I hope we get on to more im-portant business, Mr. Speaker. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means, who was a leader of one of the multiple committees involved in this. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to speak today in support of the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. Under the leadership of Committee on the Budget chairman, Dr. P
RICE, and our Speaker, P
AULRYAN, we will soon deliver an ObamaCare dismantle bill to the President’s desk. By passing this legislation: We will fulfill our promise to use every possible tool to stop the Presi-dent’s expensive healthcare law; We will eliminate the unpopular mandates of the backbone of the Af-fordable Care Act; We will protect Americans from tax penalties for failing to purchase an ex-pensive Washington-approved product that just so many people at home can’t afford; We will end the tax penalties facing America’s job creators who don’t offer health insurance that meets Wash-ington bureaucrats’ very expensive tastes; We will deliver real relief from a dozen Democrat tax increases that drive American jobs overseas and pun-ish American workers; We will protect taxpayer dollars by repealing an ObamaCare slush fund and ensuring that your taxpayer subsidies don’t go to people who aren’t eligible for them, and if they do, they are re-turned to the Treasury; We will—and this is important to me—demonstrate our strong commit-ment to women’s health. Instead of funding Planned Parenthood and its gruesome practices, we will fund high- quality community health centers, and we will help ensure more women have access to quality health care. We are here today with a bill that cuts taxes, spending, and the deficit be-cause this Congress did its job. In closing, while our Democrat friends often accuse us of relentlessly and tirelessly pursuing the repeal of the President’s healthcare law, the rea-son is we are fighting for our families and our patients and our local busi-nesses who have been harmed by it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.058 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH56 January 6, 2016 
Yes, the President will surely veto the bill, even though this bill has strong popular support. My belief is that exercising your constitutional right and power to legislate is never wasted if you are fighting for principles your constituents believe in. Give the American people a clear moral choice. Let the President ex-plain why his healthcare law is raising costs on so many American families and businesses. Let him stand on the wrong side of history by defending un-ethical medical practices that, frankly, many Americans find abhorrent. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me expanding access to af-fordable health care for 22 million Americans who didn’t have it is being on the right side of history. I am now pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. D
EGETTE ), a distinguished member of the panel which, I am sorry to say, was set up as part of a witch hunt against Planned Parenthood, but I am glad she is there. Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, the House Republican leadership has a funny way of wishing the working fam-ilies of America Happy New Year. Under this bill, the first substantive legislation of 2016, women and their families will be hit with a one-two punch to their access to health care. First, with the latest attempt to re-peal the ACA, House Republicans would remove the tax credits that help millions of Americans afford quality health insurance. When families lose that insurance, women would also lose their free annual wellness exams they get from their providers under the ACA. Just to pile on, at the same time mil-lions of women would lose their free wellness exams, this bill would inhibit their ability to get affordable well- woman and family-planning services from Planned Parenthood. More than 3 million American women and men get essential health care from Planned Parenthood every year, and even more would need to if the ACA were re-pealed. In many parts of the country, Planned Parenthood is the only pro-vider that offers access to reproductive health services within hundreds of miles. There are no health clinics that would take over that gap. Eliminating Federal funding to the organization would limit women’s access to cancer screenings, breast exams, and so much more, and all because of an unfounded vendetta against Planned Parenthood. Happy New Year, women and families of America. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 min-utes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE), the chairman of the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman P
RICE for yielding. I rise today in strong, strong support of the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. We have all heard the stories and the statistics, seen the charts. ObamaCare is wreaking havoc on our country, on small-business owners, on working families, and even on students. It is a flawed law that has led to higher costs for consumers, fewer full-time jobs for workers, and less access to trusted healthcare providers for patients. That is why we in Congress have been relentless in our efforts to put an end to ObamaCare and its harmful con-sequences. It is why we have worked to protect hardworking Americans who are still paying the price for the Presi-dent’s government takeover of health care, and it is why we are here today. The bill before us will eliminate key provisions in the President’s healthcare law that are hurting fami-lies, small businesses, and schools. Under this proposal, the tax penalty levied against individuals who fail to purchase government-approved health insurance will be gone. The tax penalty levied against small businesses and schools that fail to provide costly, gov-ernment-approved health insurance will be gone. The onerous and arbitrary limits on personal health savings ac-counts and flexible spending accounts will be gone. The punitive tax on med-ical innovation will be gone. These and other provisions in the bill will dismantle a fatally flawed law as well as reduce Federal spending and rein in our Nation’s deficits by roughly half a trillion dollars. These are prior-ities the American people sent us to Washington to address, and we owe it to the men and women we represent to do just that. We have a responsibility to support this bill and to send it to the Presi-dent’s desk. I believe the President has a responsibility to sign it. If he does, it wouldn’t be the first time the Presi-dent has helped roll back his own healthcare law. In fact, on more than 15 separate occasions, the President has signed legislation repealing provi-sions in the law, not to mention the dozens of changes to the law his admin-istration has carried out unilaterally. The legislation is an opportunity for the President to work with us to move the country in a better direction and show the American people that their priorities are our priorities. It is also an opportunity to dem-onstrate once again we are serious about reducing the size and cost of the Federal Government, serious about dis-mantling a healthcare law that is doing more harm than good, and seri-ous about paving the way to real re-form that expands access to affordable coverage. That is why I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. In closing, I want to thank Chairman TOMPRICE and all of our colleagues who serve on the House Committee on the Budget as well as those who serve on the Committees on Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Workforce. Their hard work has made it possible to send this important legislation to the Presi-dent’s desk. I am grateful for their ef-forts. Let’s get on with it. b1615 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), the ranking member on the Select Inves-tigative Panel on Planned Parenthood. She will be there looking after the in-terests of American women, I am pleased to say. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is a committee where I serve as the ranking Democratic member. We call it the Select Committee to Attack Women’s Health. Now, that select committee was formed last fall after hearings were held and at which the Republicans ac-cused in inflammatory language that somehow Planned Parenthood had vio-lated the law. So these three committees that have already investigated Planned Parent-hood have found absolutely nothing wrong with their activities. Yet, a se-lect committee was appointed. The kind of language that was used is exactly the language that the murderer at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colo-rado used. This kind of inflammatory language is used on one of the number one health providers for poor women in this country, and it is being attacked unnecessarily. Now, I serve as the ranking member on that select committee. We will do everything we can to not only defend Planned Parenthood, but to stop these relentless attacks on women’s health care in this country. It is shameful. Enough is enough. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ), the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, we have a bill to restore America’s healthcare freedom—yes, we do—one that will fi-nally get to the President’s desk. This legislation seeks to protect folks in Michigan and all across the country from the rising costs, fewer choices, lost coverage, and countless broken promises that have defined the President’s healthcare law. Importantly, it would also give Con-gress time to enact better solutions fo-cused on growing patient choice and improving patient care, lowering costs, providing States like Michigan greater flexibility, and promoting bottom-up 21st-century healthcare innovations. The current healthcare law relies on outdated programs of the past and forces a one-size-fits-all approach on our States that is unresponsive to pa-tient needs. Folks in Michigan deserve better. The American people deserve better. And you know what? We can do better. I helped coauthor one commonsense plan to replace the health law. It is the Patient CARE Act. It is a pragmatic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.059 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H57 January 6, 2016 
solution—in fact, the only bicameral proposal that has been offered—that re-peals the law and replaces it with pa-tient-focused reforms that reduce healthcare costs and increase access to affordable, high-quality care. We empower the American people to make the best healthcare choices for themselves and their families. It allows Governors the flexibility to best pro-vide for their citizens, all while driving down costs and improving quality. Under the proposal, no one can be de-nied coverage based on a preexisting condition. This proposal has other con-sumer protections as well. Insurance companies would be prohibited from imposing lifetime limits on a con-sumer. Dependents up to age 26 would be able to stay on their parents’ plan, and guaranteed renewability would en-sure that sick patients would be able to renew their coverage. We also provide a refundable tax credit for the most vulnerable con-sumers to buy health coverage or healthcare services of their own choos-ing, not expensive insurance that Washington would force them to buy or face a penalty. Michiganders covered under Medicaid today would also benefit. The reforms in the Patient CARE Act would make the Medicaid program more sustain-able for taxpayers, and better manage-ment tools will make the program more efficient, fair, and accountable for everyone who depends on it. This plan and the countless solutions offered by my Republican colleagues in Congress shines a spotlight on a better vision for health care, one focused on patients, families, doctors, and insur-ance. This health law may have been en-acted only a few years ago, but its gov-ernment-centered premise is not a new one. These obsolete ideas have failed people time and time again. The public deserves a fresh, forward-looking ap-proach that embraces 21st-century in-novation. So we have got a solution to restore America’s healthcare freedom, to put ObamaCare in the rearview mirror and replace it with better healthcare solu-tions like the Patient CARE Act. It is time to put patients first. Let them make the choices, not the government. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. With all due respect to Mr. U
PTON  and putting aside the merits of this bill, this is the 62nd time we are voting to repeal the Affordable Care Act. We have never seen a vote in this House on any kind of so-called sub-stitute to the Affordable Care Act. Our Republican colleagues have been full of talk, and we haven’t seen any action. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), a member of the Budget Committee. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I must tell you how disappointed I am that we are not starting the new year here with fresh, new, bipartisan initiatives to create jobs and to move our economy forward. I just feel like this is for auld lang syne. This is our 62nd vote to repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act. And, Mr. Speaker, I expect you to break out in a few verses of ‘‘Auld Lang Syne’’ anytime now. Is it for auld lang syne that 22 mil-lion Americans might actually lose their health insurance if the President would somehow sign this into law? Is it for auld lang syne that the Re-publicans and you, Mr. Speaker, are proposing that we attack women’s health once again and take away the primary care physician for poor women, 4 out of 10 who say is their only source of health care? Is it for auld lang syne that Planned Parenthood visitors—men and women— who have incomes of 150 percent or below the Federal poverty level will lose their health insurance? Is it for auld lang syne that the 62nd repeal vote is taking place so that half of the health centers are in rural or medically underserved areas? Let’s get to work, Mr. Speaker, on fresh, new ideas and not auld lang syne. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ), the vice chairman of the Budget Com-mittee. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman P
RICE for his leadership. I am very proud of the work that the committee has done to get us to this point—one vote away from this bill getting to the President’s desk—be-cause then the President will finally have a chance to right one of the wrongs which bears his name and to stop the horrific and unethical medical practices occurring at Planned Parent-hood. This reconciliation bill repeals a number of onerous taxes created by the Affordable Care Act. Taxes have slowed the economic recovery, which means ObamaCare literally keeps people in my district, whom I care deeply about, from getting jobs. This bill represents the economic de-velopment bill the last speaker spoke of. And ObamaCare increases health in-surance costs for most Americans. So instead of spending more on their fami-lies over Christmas, people in Indiana and all over this country paid more to insurance companies instead, all be-cause of ObamaCare. This repeal bill will save Americans $516 billion over the next 10 years, money they can spend as they see fit instead of how Washington Democrats dictated at the end of 2009. These are important steps to returning our healthcare system to us, where deci-sions are made by Americans and their doctors, not the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, in districts such as mine, many of the plans sold on the ObamaCare government exchange are classified as small or extra small, meaning that, in many cases, less than 10 percent of the doctors in the area are accessible to these families. This means that many Indiana families have had to give up their doctor and, in some cases, travel an hour or more just to get basic medical attention. Timothy Gerking of Danville, Indi-ana, has seen his insurance costs for a family of three increase from $400 a month in 2012 to over $1,200 a month in 2016, along with higher deductibles and copays. How is he supposed to save for college for his kids? How is he supposed to plan for retirement if he is paying $14,000 a year in premiums? This is all despite the President’s promise that ‘‘if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.’’ That was an outright lie to the American people then, and ObamaCare is still one of the most insidious laws ever pro-duced today. The President now has a chance to correct the wrong that he and the Democrats have done to millions of Americans. I hope that opportunity is taken by him when it gets to his desk. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), a friend and colleague and the Democratic whip, who understands that providing health care to 22 million Americans who didn’t have it is a good thing. Mr. HOYER. The ranking member took the words right out of my mouth. There are 22 million Americans covered now that weren’t covered before. Mr. Speaker, The Wall Street Jour-nal reported on Monday, ‘‘House Speaker Paul Ryan, starting this month, will push to turn the Chamber into a platform for ambitious Repub-lican policy ideas.’’ My friend, Mr. U
PTON , talked about policy ideas, but Mr. V
ANHOLLEN cor-rectly observed they are not on this floor. You haven’t brought them to this floor. All you have brought is a negative. Bring a positive. That, pre-sumably, is what your Speaker ought to be talking about. Many have been wondering what new, ambitious ideas Republicans would put forward to kick off this new session of the 114th Congress. Well, today we have the answer, the 62nd effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which every-body knows is not going anywhere. We have seen this fresh, new idea be-fore. It is coupled with a vote to defund Planned Parenthood, which will deny millions of Americans access to afford-able health care. So not only by repealing the Afford-able Care Act will we deny health care to people, but by doing what they are doing to Planned Parenthood, millions of people will not have access to the health care they are relying on. What we have before us is not any-thing new. In fact, it is a repeal of health reform that goes even further than the Republicans brought to the House floor in October, this time also ending tax credits and subsidies that enable those with modest incomes to afford health insurance and repealing the expansion of Medicaid. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.060 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH58 January 6, 2016 
The reason there is not another bill on the floor is because people would then see how draconian the policies are. These are components of the Af-fordable Care Act that have enabled millions of previously uninsured Amer-icans to gain coverage since 2010. Senate Republicans took a bad bill and made it worse. I am disappointed that Speaker R
YAN would bring it to the floor as his first major act of this new session of Congress. This reconciliation bill would cause an estimated 22 million Americans, as the ranking member has pointed out, to lose their health care, would in-crease premiums by approximately 20 percent, would provide employers with much uncertainty, and worsen the out-look for deficits over the long term. Only in the first 10-year window do you have a savings. The CBO says, if you go to the second 10 years, this bill is a loser and exacerbates the deficit. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this 62nd vote to repeal or un-dermine America’s access to afford-able, quality health care. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE), a fellow physician who is the chair of the Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions Subcommittee of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. I thank Dr. P
RICE for the work his committee has done. I practiced medicine in rural Ten-nessee for 30 years. I didn’t talk about health care. I actually provided it for patients. It was a major reason that I ran for Congress. The premise of the Affordable Care Act was to increase access and decrease costs. Everybody in this building agrees on that. What we got was a 2,500-page bill that few people read that defined what you bought and then fined you when you didn’t buy it, even if you couldn’t afford it. That is what has ac-tually happened. Healthcare decisions should be made between families, patients, and their doctors, not by big insurance compa-nies and certainly not by Federal bu-reaucrats. So what is happening to middle class working people in this country today? Their out-of-pockets and copays have skyrocketed. In the hospital that I worked in, 60 percent of the uncollectible debt is now owed by peo-ple with insurance. That is because they cannot afford the out-of-pockets and copays. b1630 We Republicans have had many ideas. Dr. P
RICE has a bill. I coauthored a bill with the Republican Study Committee to replace this, and I will suggest, Mr. Speaker, that you will see that on this floor to be debated if we are successful in doing this. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, we were told just a couple of months ago on the floor of this Congress that there is a new day in Congress. Well, it doesn’t feel like a new day. It feels a lot like Groundhog Day. I feel like Bill Murray from that early 1990s movie. I wake up, I shower, I get on a plane, I come to Washington, I plan on voting how to create jobs or help lift people’s wages. Instead, I am voting on taking away health care from 22 million people. The next week, I wake up, I shower, I get on a plane, I fly to Washington. What do I do? I vote on taking away health insurance for 22 million people. Sixty-two times this body has voted to repeal health care. But we have also now made a new one of a dozen times we have now devoted to defund Planned Parenthood which, with this body’s Speaker, in my home State of Wis-consin, means 62,000 women last year would not have gotten access to health insurance. It is no wonder that with bad, recy-cled ideas like that, the public has such disdain for Congress. It is not a new day in Congress. It is just Groundhog Day. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ), a fellow healthcare professional, who is a member of both the Budget Committee and the Ways and Means Committee. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I hold in my hand Planned Parenthood’s annual report, and in these pages, you will find the true war on women. By their own numbers, taxpayer funding for this organization is up, while preventative healthcare services are down and abortions continue to stand at over 320,000 a year. I am proud to support today’s rec-onciliation bill to defund Planned Par-enthood and to redirect those dollars to true preventative healthcare serv-ices for women, because Americans, and women, in particular, deserve bet-ter than this. We may not be able to change the President’s heart on this issue—good-ness knows we have tried—but we can put him on record. If this President truly thinks that my constituents’ tax dollars should fund this scandal-ridden abortion giant, that is on his con-science, but he should at least be forced to put a pen on paper and ex-plain the belief to the American peo-ple. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN), the ranking member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. (Mr. LEVIN asked and was given per-mission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, this bill is reckless and has zero chance of becom-ing law. But most significantly, it is heartless. What it says from Repub-licans here to millions, an Unhappy New Year. You could take healthcare insurance away from 22 million people. To them, these 22 million, from Repub-licans, an Unhappy New Year. It will repeal funding for Medicaid expansion in 30 States and the District of Columbia, leaving 14 million low-in-come Americans without health care. To those 14 million Americans, from House Republicans, an Unhappy New Year. It would eliminate the tax credits for low-income families and individuals, a key part of what makes ACA afford-able. It would eliminate the individual and employer mandates, undermining the patient protections and access measures that helped dramatically re-duce the rate of uninsured in this coun-try. The Republicans are also using this bill to continue their ideological obses-sion with depriving women access to affordable family planning services and lifesaving cancer screenings by defunding Planned Parenthood. This bill deserves not only the veto that is coming, but a ‘‘no’’ vote on the floor of this House. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOU-
STANY ), a fellow physician and member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. BOUSTANY. I thank Chairman P
RICE for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, this is an important day in the House of Representatives be-cause the House is preparing to send a package directly to the President. There will be no Senate filibuster. We have gotten around that issue. This bill goes to the President directly, and he can either sign it or veto it. But this bill repeals the very foundation of ObamaCare, and it stops Planned Par-enthood funding. It is as simple as that. This package is also important to me because I have a provision in there that I authored that repeals this employer mandate. This has been a really bad piece of legislation that was in place, this employer mandate, because it has forced small businesses to limit hiring or to resort to part-time employees. This is just a terrible thing, at a time when unemployment has been high and people are looking for work. This bill will help undermine and get rid of the foundation of ObamaCare which, I know as a physician, has ac-celerated the negative trends in health care, of which there are many. I can’t get into all of them now, but that is not the affordable, patient-centered health care that the American people deserve. We can do much better. We will do much better. This is the first step. Let’s put this on the President’s desk. Let’s call his hand, and let’s ei-ther force him to veto this, which we will try to override it, or sign it. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I don’t think that the President is going to mull over this decision for very long. He is going to veto this because the President doesn’t want to deny 22 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.061 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H59 January 6, 2016 
million Americans access to affordable care, which is exactly what the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office tells us is what this will do, and he doesn’t want to deny access to health care to millions of women and families. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ), the distinguished ranking mem-ber on the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, here we are again. It is a new year and a new session of Congress, but House Repub-licans are yet again up to their old par-tisan tricks. Today, House Republicans have cho-sen to spend the first week of 2016 at-tacking women’s health with a radical GOP reconciliation bill which would defund Planned Parenthood and strip away affordable family planning serv-ices and lifesaving care for millions of women across the country. Overall, this is the 11th time the House majority has voted to attack women’s health in this Congress, in-cluding 4 prior votes to defund Planned Parenthood. Meanwhile, it is also the 62nd repeal vote of the Affordable Care Act. Mr. Speaker, this reconciliation bill is futile. It is political. It is unfortu-nate. We have a lot of work to do to help working families in this country, and today’s bill reverses great progress in healthcare coverage and access and increases the deficit. In fact, CBO estimates that this ex-treme legislation would increase the uninsured by about 22 million Ameri-cans after 2017. We also know that, if defunded, Planned Parenthood’s 2.7 million patients would be left without care, resulting in dangerous con-sequences. Just look at what is happening in States that have already implemented this radical agenda. In Indiana, such policies led to an HIV epidemic, and in Texas, it left tens of thousands of women without access to contraceptive care and increased incidences of life- threatening at-home abortions. We can’t allow the rest of the coun-try to go down this dangerous path, all because of the ideological and political whims of politicians. Mr. Speaker, I can go on and on about the consequences of this bill, but driven by an extreme agenda, Repub-lican policies are harmful, and they have to be rejected. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the time remaining on each side, please? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia has 13 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Mary-land has 16
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ), who has been a champion for pa-tient-centered health care and is the vice chairman of the Energy and Com-merce Committee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, the lie of the year for 2013 was that dubious phrase, ‘‘If you like your health care, you can keep it.’’ We know that the de-ception has become obvious. And what we do know is that 7 million Americans lost their employer-sponsored health insurance because of the ObamaCare bill. We also know how harmful this has been to seniors; $700 billion was raided, raided from Medicare, the Medicare trust fund, by the way. What we know from our constituents is that when they go to the exchanges and shop, they end up with a product that—we are even hearing from the in-surance companies. There is one of them that says they never should have been there and they are probably going to pull out next year and the product is too expensive to afford and too expen-sive to use. Premiums are up by double digits in a single year. Out-of-pocket costs are soaring. This is why having an ObamaCare in-surance card does not give you access to affordable health care. It does not give you access to affordable health care. It is, indeed, unaffordable. We know the injury will continue to hardworking Americans. That is why we stand united today in supporting the reconciliation bill and the repeal of ObamaCare. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ), a mem-ber of the Budget Committee and the Ways and Means Committee. (Mr. M
CDERMOTT asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, here we are again, the same fraudulent bill being brought out here again. The gentleman from Michigan says that they have a plan. They have a plan. We have been waiting 5 years for you to bring that plan to the floor and let us have a vote on it. There is no plan that you are willing to bring to the floor because you do not care about the American people and their health security. Taking it away from 22 million people and assaulting women with this bill is simply clear evidence that you do not care what happens. Now, you may think this is good election year politics. But back in the States, the Republicans—even the Gov-ernor of Kentucky, a Republican, has decided, you know, I don’t want to take it away from people who are on Medicaid. We tried this in Washington. We al-ready know that if you leave in place the requirement that insurance compa-nies give insurance to people, no mat-ter what their healthcare state is, you are going to sink the individual mar-ket. We lost it in the State of Wash-ington, and you are sentencing the whole country to that. Besides, you have said you want the repeal vote to be on the 22nd. You know it is going nowhere. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the Republican majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman of the Budget Committee for the good, hard work that his committee did for bringing this bill to the floor. Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, this is something that we have been talking about doing for a long time, but now we have the opportunity to have a vote on the House floor that will send a bill to President Obama’s desk that actu-ally guts ObamaCare and defunds Planned Parenthood. This is something very important to people all across the country. But this is something that allows us through the reconciliation process, which is a rare opportunity. There have been a lot of really good bills that this House has passed to ad-dress problems, whether it is getting the economy back on track, whether it is pushing back on so many of the rad-ical agenda items, through regulatory actions, through executive actions that this President has done to try to cir-cumvent the Constitution and Con-gress, and they go over to the Senate, and Senate Democrats filibuster the bill. And because of their archaic rules that require 60 votes just to bring a bill up, so many of those bills don’t even come up for debate, Mr. Speaker. So the budget process of reconcili-ation gives us one opportunity a year, if we are able to come together and agree on a budget, which this House and Senate did. We came to agreement, in fact, on a budget that gets to bal-ance in the 10-year window for the first time since 2002. And it also gives us that one opportunity to move a bill through, not just the House, but through the Senate with a majority vote, rather than 60 votes. Why that is so important, Mr. Speak-er, is it allows us to finally put on President Obama’s desk this important question. This President needs to be confronted with this, and he will now be confronted with the question about addressing his failed healthcare law that has denied health care to millions of people, that has resulted in double- digit increases for so many others. In my home State of Louisiana, we are seeing over 20 percent increases be-cause of this failed law. And then also, to defund Planned Parenthood. That bill will now go to his desk with this important vote. b1645 It is a historic vote. I would encour-age the President to sign this bill. It would be an important landmark mo-ment in his Presidency. If he vetoes it, it shows the country just what is at stake if you have a President that is willing to do this for the American peo-ple. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I look for-ward to this vote. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, yes, that would be important to show that we have a President that doesn’t want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.062 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH60 January 6, 2016 
to eliminate affordable health care for 22 million Americans. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
AS-
TOR), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, Democrats in Congress begin the new year with a renewed commitment to working families across this great country and a commitment to standing up to the special interests that hold so much sway here in Washington, D.C. In contrast, House Republicans begin the new year with the first vote that is a vote against women, a vote against women’s health, and a vote to target Planned Parenthood all rolled into one. Now, women across this country will not forget the coordinated smear cam-paign against Planned Parenthood last year that was based upon false, manu-factured videos full of distortions and misinformation. We will not forget how Republicans in Congress acted in concert with the shady group and used the controversy to eliminate family planning support and vital cancer screenings for women across the country. It is especially troubling that my GOP colleagues begin the year targeting folks who really need the help the most: working families, young women, and women of color. While Republicans choose to start the year this way, what I hear from women, parents, moms, and dads at home is that they want greater eco-nomic security and greater personal se-curity. That is what Congress should be focused on in 2016, not an attack on women’s health. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from the great State of Michi-gan (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ), a productive member of the Budget Committee. Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, today we will vote to repeal the Presi-dent’s healthcare law. It is a law that the American people have opposed from the very beginning when it was passed without bipartisan support. The American people opposed it even when the President promised that they could keep their coverage and their doctor. They also opposed it when that prom-ise was broken. They opposed it when the law taxed their health insurance and the medical devices that help them live longer, healthier lives. Today the American people still op-pose the President’s healthcare law be-cause it makes them pay higher pre-miums for policies with deductibles that are too expensive. That is why today, 6 years after it was passed, we are voting to send a repeal of this law to the President’s desk. This repeal will save the government $500 billion over the next 10 years and empower people to make their own healthcare choices. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I hope everyone listens carefully when our colleagues say that it will save money over the next 10 years, because the Congressional Budget Office says this will actually lose the taxpayer money over the longer term. We all hope to live and have our children live in the longer term. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAS-
CRELL ), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee and Ways and Means Committee. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Ranking Mem-ber, through the Chair, this is nonrec-onciliation if I have ever seen it. The Affordable Care Act pulling back from Medicaid expansion, do you know what that means? Have you examined what that will do? It will take away es-sential tax credits that the law pro-vides to help the middle class and mid-dle class families purchase health in-surance. Here we are repealing the ACA for the umpteenth time. In addition to cutting off funding for Planned Parent-hood, the new version of the bill which came back from the Senate would also prohibit Medicaid from paying for serv-ices at Planned Parenthood. Because Federal law strictly prohibits Federal Medicaid dollars from being used to pay for abortions, regardless of how you try to get that message out and convey this nonfact, that is not the fact. This addition would specifically prohibit payments to Planned Parent-hood for healthcare services like pre-ventive health exams. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I con-tend that that is un-American. Read my lips. Cancer screenings. I contend that that is un-American. And you have nothing in your budget, and you have nothing in your so-called plan— which dematerialized before it mate-rialized—that would take care of these folks. And the subject of birth control, since you like to talk about it all the time, that, to me, is un-American. That, to me, reduces freedom in the greatest country on the planet. So what will we come up with? In a bill that came before us without reg-ular order—you tout all the time that we need regular order, we have got to go through the process and get the bill in front of us—this did not go through the process. This committee that you had was a joke. You know it and I know it. So what a spirit of reconciliation, what a horror—what a horror—being projected on the American people. It is too bad. It is not a good way to start the new year, and I am not hopeful for the future. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), a productive member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. LANCE. Thank you, Chairman PRICE, for your tremendous leadership on this and many other issues. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, the first ObamaCare repeal bill that Congress sends to the President’s desk since the law’s enactment in 2010. This bill effectively repeals mandates and taxes at the very heart of the law and saves taxpayers nearly half a tril-lion dollars over the next decade, ac-cording to the nonpartisan Congres-sional Budget Office. Our action here in the House today is an important step toward replacing ObamaCare with patient-centric solu-tions that lower healthcare costs, pro-tect jobs, and allow Americans to keep their doctors and their health care if they like them. To be clear, there is more work that needs to be done to make full repeal and replacement a reality, but our con-gressional efforts today provide impor-tant momentum to help make that a reality in 2017 with a new President. I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 3762. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the distinguished ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The House is yet to take another vote in 60 seconds to demonstrate its relentless fixation on systematically destroying the Affordable Care Act. More specifically, we must vote on a budget reconciliation package that, if enacted, will take away healthcare ac-cess for millions of Americans. This isn’t a new exercise. In addition to the 61 unproductive votes, futile lawsuits have been brought in courts, and meritless attacks have been mounted with the goal of destroying the progress we have made. And we have made progress improving a sys-tem that didn’t work for American families before the Affordable Care Act. Since the enactment of the law: over 17 million uninsured Americans have gained insurance; young people can stay on their parents’ policies until age 26; healthcare costs are growing more slowly today than in past decades; an-nual checkups are not subject to deductibles; an insurance company can’t charge you more for just being a woman; we are in the process of closing the prescription drug doughnut hole; and if you want to change jobs or start a business or start a family, you have healthcare options even if you have a preexisting condition. That is the progress we have made. Despite that progress, the legislation before us turns the clock back on all of that progress. I urge my colleagues to oppose the bill. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCAR-
THY), the distinguished majority leader of the House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.064 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H61 January 6, 2016 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I appreciate the work that the chair-man has done. I know he is chairman of the Budget Committee, but before he stood on this floor, he was a doctor. He is still a doctor today, and I know the passion that he brings to bring the right type of reform for a medical sys-tem that actually works in this coun-try. That is why today is so important not just to him, but to all of us. We have worked hard—I would say relentlessly—to make that day happen. Yes, we fought to delay, defund, and actually repeal ObamaCare. This law is a failure. We know it, and I know all of you on the other side of the aisle know it as well. Twelve co-ops have failed. State exchanges are failing. No matter where you stood on this issue, you went home and you heard from your constituents. Now, if you voted for it, you are going to have to answer to the Presi-dent’s promises, because he just didn’t promise a few in this room. He prom-ised all Americans. Do you remember what he said? He said: ‘‘If you like your healthcare plan, you’ll be able to keep your health care plan, period.’’ He also said, Mr. Speaker: ‘‘If you like your doctor, you will be able to keep your doctor, period.’’ Mr. Speaker, he also said ObamaCare would ‘‘lower pre-miums by up to $2,500 for a typical family per year.’’ Those are direct quotes—it is just that not one of them came to fruition. Now, I know what I will hear on the other side of the aisle, and they prob-ably won’t mention this, but on this floor, Republicans and Democrats joined together to dismantle the em-ployer and individual mandates. In a bipartisan fashion, we delayed the med-ical device tax. In a bipartisan fash-ion—a lot delivered from the other side—we delayed the Cadillac tax, cut funding to the healthcare rationing board, and stopped the taxpayer bail-out of insurance companies. Many of our attempts have been suc-cessful in undoing key parts of this law. But today, for the very first time, we send a bill repealing ObamaCare to the President’s desk. Also, after watching the horrific vid-eos of Planned Parenthood employees casually discussing the sale of infants’ organs, we knew something had to be done. Something had to be done to make sure taxpayers were not forced to support organizations that engage in such inhumane practices. Today we send a bill to the President’s desk that ends taxpayer funding for abortion cov-erage and abortion providers like Planned Parenthood. No matter where you go in this coun-try, no matter whom you talk to, no matter what party they belong to, they know things are wrong in this country. People are hurting under ObamaCare, human life is being disregarded, and now Congress will put it to the Presi-dent and hold him accountable for the terrible policies this administration has pursued. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have any delu-sions. For the sake of the American people and too many unborn children, I hope the President signs this bill. But the President has made his position very clear. No matter how wrong he is, he will veto any bill that repeals ObamaCare or defunds Planned Parent-hood. If he does, we will vote to over-ride. I, and I know many of my colleagues, have worked with colleagues on the other side of the aisle trying to per-suade them to join with us. We asked them to join us and stand with the American people against ObamaCare and against taxpayer funding of the abortion industry. But no matter how the override vote ends up, what we are doing today is still important. When a Republican President takes office next year, Mr. Speaker, we can use rec-onciliation again. We won’t have to worry about a veto from the White House, and we can overcome any at-tempts by the Democrats to filibuster and obstruct. You see, from the foundation of this bill and from the work of many col-leagues in the medical community and doctors that serve as Members of Con-gress, we will create a patient-centered healthcare system that gives power to the people, not to bureaucrats in Wash-ington. So, Mr. Speaker, that is why today is important, because with this bill we can do it—this year or the next, but we will. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I listened carefully to the Republican leader, Mr. M
CCARTHY , who said that they have worked hard and relentlessly to make this day happen—a day that would eliminate affordable health care to 22 million Americans. b1700 I want to make sure all of our col-leagues understand that this is not a fact coming from the Democrats. There is the saying that you are entitled to your own opinion, but you are not enti-tled to your own facts. That is a fact that came from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice. In fact, they were responding to a letter from Mr. P
RICE, the chairman of the Budget Committee. The letter reads: 
Dear Mr. Chairman, At your request, CBO and the staff of the joint committee have es-timated the budgetary effects of this bill. 
It goes on to say: 
And analyze the bill. 
It is their conclusion on page 9 of the letter to the chairman: 
Enacting H.R. 3762 would increase the number of people without health insurance coverage. Relative to current law projec-tions— 
That means relevant to the current law with the Affordable Care Act in place. 
would reduce by about 22 million people in most years after 2017. 
That is a fact. That is signed by the director of CBO, Keith Hall, who, as ev-erybody in this body knows, was se-lected on a bipartisan basis by the chairman of the House Budget Com-mittee and the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, both Republicans. That is a fact. It is a sad state of affairs when we are ‘‘celebrating’’ the fact that they ‘‘worked relentlessly’’ to get to the point to eliminate affordable care to 22 million Americans. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ), some-body who understands the importance of affordable health care and is also a distinguished member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman for his statement in pointing out that this is not really a legislative issue. This is a Republican partisan issue where people have wait-ed for years for this moment to destroy a bill to put 22 million people out of reach of medical care. They are striking over $1 trillion from the bill. They are being critical of the bill. They didn’t say their moment in the Sun was to provide a better bill. No. They say, if you go back home, you are going to hear complaints. Well, President Obama went back home to the American people and was campaigning for ObamaCare and they reelected him. Now we are saying that these 22 million people—do you think they are not going to get health care? You bet your sweet life on this coun-try they are going to get care, not the quality care that ObamaCare would provide for them, but they will be going to emergency rooms. They will get more sick. They will end up in the hospitals. It will cost us much more than the so-called trillion dollars we have. Well, thank God we do have a govern-ment where the President can say no. Thank God we also have a Constitution that says you don’t have enough votes to override what is constitutionally and morally the right thing to do. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire once again the time remaining on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia has 7 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Mary-land has 8 minutes remaining. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. S
TUTZMAN ), a wonderful member of the Budget Com-mittee. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman just mentioned that this is a partisan issue. This was a partisan issue back in 2009 when it was passed. This was forced through against the will of the American people. That is why you have seen over the past sev-eral elections that the American peo-ple want a repeal of ObamaCare and that we start over with patient-cen-tered free-market health care. The fact is that I was at a Cracker Barrel a couple of weeks ago. I was talking to the waitress. The waitress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.065 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH62 January 6, 2016 
approached me and she said: You know, ObamaCare was supposed to help me. She said: My premiums have gone up. They have doubled. My out-of-pocket expenses have gone from $500 to $5,000. She said: ObamaCare is not helping me. This is a story that we have heard time and time again. ObamaCare hasn’t helped the American people. It has put a greater burden on the Amer-ican people. Doctors are supposed to provide health care, not ObamaCare, not the Federal Government. This should be a relationship between the American people and the doctor that they choose, the doctor that they were promised that they could keep. Mr. Speaker, I believe that this rec-onciliation package is the right thing at the right time for our country. We need to start over. We need to fix our healthcare system rather than pro-longing and continuing to enforce a Big Government agenda on the American people. I ask the Members of this House to support this legislation. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ), a distin-guished member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this legislation which would push health coverage beyond the reach of millions of Americans. The Congressional Budget Office pre-dicts that enacting this legislation could result in roughly 22 million more people living without health insurance. These people are single parents strug-gling to cover basic necessities, young adults trying to launch their careers and start families, and hardworking couples for whom the cost of insurance won’t fit in the monthly budget. Without affordable health coverage, these Americans will be living with perpetual fear, fear that they will need to choose between paying for housing or food and getting treatment, and fear that any medical emergency could lead them into bankruptcy. To make things worse, this bill defunds Planned Parenthood, which would undermine access to reproduc-tive health services and preventive care for women. That is not only wrong, it is counterproductive. It is unfortunate that, at the start of a new year, we are debating a regres-sive proposal that would make the lives of some of our most vulnerable friends and neighbors even less secure. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will acknowledge that this bill is irresponsible and join me in vot-ing ‘‘no.’’ Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ), a fellow Georgian and a freshman Mem-ber of the House of Representatives. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his great work on this important legislation. Today I rise in support of H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. This legislation will dismantle ObamaCare and defund Planned Par-enthood. This bill guts ObamaCare’s individual and employer mandates and repeals the costly Cadillac and medical device taxes. It protects society’s most inno-cent—the unborn—and also provides additional funding for community health centers so that women can con-tinue to have access to the quality care they deserve. We need to expand patient choice. We need to give the American people choice. We need to make health care more affordable by offering patient- centered and cost-effective reforms. Most of all, we need to give a voice to the voiceless. This is a historic moment. After passing the House today, the bill will go straight to the President’s desk and President Obama will be forced to vote on repealing ObamaCare and defunding Planned Parenthood for the first time. He will have to choose between disman-tling a costly and disastrous law and preventing disregard for human life or protecting his own political legacy. Colleagues in the House, please join me and vote in favor of the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act of 2015. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, after drafting and passing a trillion-dollar deficit-busting tax and budget bill last month, my Republican colleagues now want to get some of that money back on the backs of middle- and low-income Americans. These are the very people that have been struggling to recover from the Great Recession. These families and small businesses that are having trou-ble staying afloat would now lose ac-cess to affordable health care. It is ir-responsible. I don’t get it. The Affordable Care Act gives millions a hand up, not a handout, in order to afford affordable health care. Families are put in the driver’s seat in the health insurance market and are seeing good results. This is something we have been doing in Oregon for some time. Market-based principles and personal responsibility is actually the heart of the ACA. Mr. Speaker, I don’t understand why we would want to create greater uncer-tainty for small businesses, trying to do the right thing by their employees, by eliminating the small business tax credit, like my Republican colleagues want to do today. Rather than waste time on distrac-tions like this, we should be coming to-gether to build certainty around the basic American right of a shared-re-sponsibility healthcare system. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), a diligent and productive member of the Budget Committee. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, ObamaCare is hurting people by reduc-ing choices, increasing costs, and mak-ing it harder for people to access qual-ity, affordable healthcare. That is why I am proud to stand here today to sup-port a bill that dismantles key provi-sions of ObamaCare and paves the way for better healthcare solutions. The Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act stops the government from forcing its citizens to buy expensive healthcare plans they don’t want or need. It saves Americans money by eliminating many of the ObamaCare taxes. Additionally, this bill stops taxpayer funding for abortion providers such as Planned Parenthood. This one abortion provider receives over half a billion taxpayer dollars a year even though it has been involved in the harvesting and selling of baby body parts. It is time to stop all tax dollars flow-ing to abortionists and redirect it to healthcare providers who care for women without taking innocent life. Congress is listening to the people’s calls. Now it will be up to the Presi-dent to decide, does he support the peo-ple and women’s health or does he sup-port Washington mandates and tax dol-lars going to Planned Parenthood. I urge the President to do the right thing and sign this into law. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), a mem-ber of the Judiciary and Homeland Se-curity Committees. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the manager, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), for his leadership. I also thank my good friends on the other side of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I now understand what the issue is. We are talking apples and oranges. My friends on the other side of the aisle don’t care about the fact that, in 2013, 18 percent of Americans were uninsured; in the State of Texas, 28 percent; California, 23 percent; and Georgia, 22 percent. Now we have found that we are at a point where we have lowered that amount and we have lowered the unin-sured rate in this country to 11.9 per-cent. Those are vulnerable Americans and women and families. We also don’t seem to understand that, when our constituents come to us and talk about premiums, all we need to do is do the constituency service and kind of assure them and show them the direction into the marketplace be-cause, in shopping around, you can lower your premium. But the real issue is whether or not we care about making sure that those with preexisting conditions can actu-ally get health insurance, that those in Medicare can actually protect the Medicare system and make it insolvent in 2030 instead of 2017. The other question is: Does this bill even have a plan? Is there an alter-native healthcare plan that the Repub-licans have put in the budget reconcili-ation? No, they have not. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.066 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H63 January 6, 2016 
Then they want to take away Planned Parenthood. This is not about disliking Planned Parenthood. It is telling women that they do not have a choice to choose their own doctors. That is what they are doing when they defund Planned Parenthood. Mr. Speaker, it is apples and oranges. They are talking one thing. I am talk-ing about saving lives and helping Americans keep their health insurance. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. In 1949, Harry Truman became the first sit-ting President to propose universal healthcare for all Americans as part of the ‘‘Fair Deal.’’ On March 23, 2010, President Obama aided by a Democratic Congress delivered on this promise. Before the enactment of the Affordable Care Act, 50 million people in the United States had no health insurance coverage, with many los-ing insurance as a result of the recent reces-sion. This is the 62nd vote by the GOP since its enactment to end the Affordable Care Act law. In 2013, key provisions of the Affordable Care Act began to take effect and have signifi-cantly improved the lives of millions of Ameri-cans. In 2013, the states with the highest percent-age of uninsured were: Texas with 28.8 per-cent; Louisiana with 24 percent; Nevada with 23.3 percent; California with 23.2 percent; Florida with 22.8 percent; Georgia with 22.5 percent; Arkansas with 21.9 percent; Mis-sissippi with 21.7 percent; and Oklahoma with 21.4 percent. In 2013, when Gallup first began tracking health insurance coverage just before the Af-fordable Care Act went into effect, the number of persons not insured has declined by 5.2 points. Gallup reported that the percentage of unin-sured Americans increased from nearly 14 percent in 2008 to over 17 percent in 2011, and peaked at 18.0 percent in 2013. According to Gallup the uninsured rate among U.S. adults declined to 11.9 percent for the first quarter of 2015, but this fact has not deterred efforts by the GOP of the House to end this important lifesaving law. Mr. Speaker, this steady decline in the num-ber of Americans without health insurance means that today only about 10 percent of our citizens do not have coverage. Many of those most in need of the healthcare coverage provided by the Afford-able Care Act live in the Districts of many members on both sides of this argument. Texas, my own state, leads the list of states with the highest percentages of uninsured residents. The highest concentrations of the uninsured are the poor and unemployed. The uninsured rate among Americans has dropped sharply since the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, which provides: ac-cess to healthcare to the poor through expan-sion of Medicaid; prevents health insurance companies from denying healthcare coverage based on pre-existing conditions; stops health insurance companies from discriminating against women by charging them higher rates for coverage, and extends the time children can remain on their parents’ health insurance to age 26. The Affordable Care Act provides to states at no cost options for residents to enroll in healthcare programs through Medicaid. Unfortunately, some states like my state of Texas have rejected this important component of the Affordable Care Act for those in the state in most need of healthcare. Instead of focusing on protecting and caring for the health of our constituents, we are al-lowing partisan games to interfere with serving the best interest of our Districts. At the end of healthcare insurance enroll-ment for 2015, more than 8.5 million con-sumers signed-up for health coverage through the HealthCare.gov platform or had their cov-erage automatically renewed. Of the about 6 million Marketplace con-sumers whose coverage was renewed, about 3.6 million actively renewed and 2.4 million consumers automatically renewed their health insurance coverage. The 2015 health insurance enrollment pe-riod had 29 percent new participants and 71 percent return participants. In my state of Texas 1,096,868 individual plans were selected by visitors to the HealthCare.gov platform. In 2015, unfortunately Texas remains the state with the highest health uninsured rate among the 50 states, with 25.7 percent or over 4.2 million residents without health insur-ance. Instead of focusing on the issues that the American people want addressed, we are hav-ing the same discussion to repeal the Afford-able Care Act in the efforts of my colleagues to repeal, obstruct and undermine this law. What is even more frustrating is that while there is so much energy in trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act, there has been no plan or suggestions posed on how to replace it. I want to once again highlight the benefits of the Affordable Care Act so we can once and for all end the attempts to try and repeal this law that benefits so many Americans. Because of the Affordable Care Act, Ameri-cans are seeing lower costs, better coverage, and patient protections that Republicans want to repeal: The average premium for employer-provided family health coverage went up 3 percent in 2014, continuing the trend of lower annual in-crease, which means that over the 5 years the healthcare law has been in place it has saved employers over $1,800 dollars in premiums for employee family health insurance coverage. Medicare spending growth per beneficiary was approximately flat in fiscal year 2014, a significant contributor to extending the sol-vency of the program. The Medicare Trustee now projects because of the Affordable Care Act that the Medicare Trust Fund will be solvent until 2030 instead of 2017. Health insurance consumers have saved 9 billion since 2011 because Obamacare re-quires insurance companies to spend 80 cents on every premium dollar on consumer healthcare and empowers States to review and negotiate premium increases. 129 million Americans, including 17 million children, are no longer at risk of losing health insurance coverage because of their health. 76 million Americans with private coverage are eligible for expanded preventative services coverage, which includes 30 million women and 18 million children. Since the Affordable Care Act went into ef-fect insurers have paid customers over $1.9 billion in rebates because they did not spend 80 cents on each dollar of premium on healthcare. Nationwide, nearly 11.7 million consumers selected a plan or were automatically enrolled in Marketplace coverage. In 2014, of the 5 million uninsured Texans: 874,000 are eligible for Medicaid/CHIP; 1,046,000 are in the coverage gap; 1,756,000 are eligible for tax credits; 1,264,000 are ineli-gible because of their income or access to employer benefits. In 2014, access to affordable healthcare for the self-employed or those who decide to pur-chase their own coverage became easier be-cause of Affordable Insurance Exchanges. In Texas, 1,205,174 consumers selected or were automatically re-enrolled in quality, af-fordable health insurance coverage through the Marketplace as of February 2015. The Federal Marketplace Signups and Tax Credits in Texas meant that: 85 percent of Texas consumers who were signed up quali-fied for an average tax credit of $239 per month through the Marketplace. 68 percent of Texas Marketplace enrollees obtained cov-erage for $100 or less after any applicable tax credits in 2015, and 92 percent had the option of doing so. In Texas, consumers could choose from 15 issuers in the Marketplace in 2015—up from 12 in 2014. Texas consumers could choose from an av-erage of 31 health plans in their county for 2015 coverage—up from 25 in 2014. 468,797 consumers in Texas under the age of 35 are signed up for Marketplace coverage (39 percent of plan selections in the state); and 348,593 consumers 18 to 34 years of age (29 percent of all plan selections) are signed up for Marketplace coverage. Texas has received $1,000,000 in grants for research, planning, information technology de-velopment, and implementation of its Market-place. Open enrollment for 2016 coverage runs from November 1, 2015 to January 31, 2016. There are now one stop marketplaces where consumers can do what Federal em-ployees have done for decades—purchase in-surance at reasonable rates from an insurer of their choice. There are also opportunities for small em-ployers to form pools to use their collective bargaining potential to find the best deals for employee health plans. This Congress has work that needs to be done, and it has work that should be taken up to increase financial security for workers, their families and communities as the economy continues to recover, and not play partisan po-litical games. I urge my Colleagues to put partisan politics 
aside and join me in voting no on the passage of this bill. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), a champion of the pro-life community. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his great work on this bill. Subsidized by over $500 million tax-payer dollars each year, Planned Par-enthood dismembers or chemically poi-sons a baby to death every 2 minutes, killing over 7 million innocent children since 1973. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.067 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH64 January 6, 2016 
Planned Parenthood is Child Abuse, Incorporated. Now undercover videos have exposed in numbing candor sev-eral high-level Planned Parenthood leaders gleefully talking about pro-curing children’s internal organs for a price, all while altering gruesome dis-memberment procedures to preserve intact livers, hearts, and lungs from freshly killed babies. Far too many politicians, Mr. Speak-er, including our Nobel Peace Prize- winning President and much of the media, continue to ignore, trivialize, and even defend these gross human rights abuses. So know this: We will not be deterred in exposing this Planned Parenthood scandal no matter how aggressive and misleading the cover-up. End taxpayer funding to those who commit these cruel and inhumane acts in this subsidy for Planned Parent-hood. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Free-dom Reconciliation Act and urge all of my col-leagues to vote to dismantle Obamacare by repealing the most damaging aspects of this egregiously flawed law. The legislation before us today will send a strong message on behalf of the millions of Americans who lost or were forced to switch their healthcare coverage and/or doctors, as well as those facing additional charges, higher copayments, and larger annual fees as a re-sult of Obamacare. I have supported, and the House has passed, legislation to repeal Obamacare in its entirety many times but today’s vote is dif-ferent. Through the reconciliation process, which allows for expedited consideration and a simple majority vote in the Senate, today’s bill will be placed on the President’s desk. The President will have to decide if he stands on the side of the American people or continues the misguided policies squeezing middle class families. In particular, the bill repeals the individual mandate—where American are coerced into purchasing expensive insurance packages many do not want or need, and many cannot afford. Unfortunately for the millions who cannot af-ford to purchase Obamacare insurance, the penalties are expensive too. According to a Kaiser Family Foundation re-port issued last month, this year the penalty for noncompliance will spike 47%, up from $661 in 2015 to a whopping $969. The report also states that for 7.1 million un-insured Americans, the penalty is still cheaper than the least expensive insurance option available to them through Obamacare. Since the law did little to address affordability and the increasing cost of obtaining coverage, the federal government—the IRS, no less—will now take money out of the pockets and pock-etbooks of Americans, further penalizing the uninsured. The President and Obamacare supporters promised otherwise, but health insurance still remains out of reach for many Americas. Addi-tionally, those who had quality affordable cov-erage that they were comfortable with have seen unwelcome changes that they likely would not have had to face—but for Obamacare. The Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Free-dom Reconciliation Act will also—fully and permanently—repeal two misguided tax in-creases harming businesses, innovation and middle-class Americans: the excise tax on em-ployer-sponsored health insurance, aka ‘‘the Cadillac tax,’’ and the medical device tax. This legislation moves us a step forward in the process of repealing Obamacare’s man-dates, tax hikes and slush funds and begins undoing the damage inflicted on individuals, businesses, our economy and our national debt. But we can do more to address these in-adequacies of our healthcare system and pro-vide alternative reforms and solutions. We have the ability to ensure that all Ameri-cans have access to affordable, high-quality health care. I am a longtime supporter of a number of positive reforms that can replace Obamacare including: reforming the private health insurance market so patients and their doctors are in charge of medical decisions; encouraging healthy behaviors; incentivizing innovation; ensuring insurance portability and the availability of high-risk pools; reforming Medicare to be a model of efficiency; modern-izing the tax code to make health insurance more affordable; and strengthening the health care safety net so no one is left out. Finally, the bill before the House today defunds Planned Parenthood. Subsidized by over $500 million taxpayers’ dollars each year, Planned Parenthood dismembers or chemi-cally poisons a baby to death every two min-utes—killing over 7 million innocent children since 1973. Planned Parenthood is ‘‘Child Abuse Inc.’’ Now, undercover videos have exposed in numbing candor, several high level Planned Parenthood leaders gleefully talking about pro-curing children’s internal organs for a price all while altering gruesome dismemberment pro-cedures to preserve ‘‘intact’’ livers, hearts and lungs from freshly killed babies. Far too many politicians including our Nobel Peace Prize winning President and much of the media continue to ignore, trivialize—even defend—these gross human rights abuses. So know this: we will not be deterred in ex-posing this Planned Parenthood scandal, no matter how aggressive and misleading the cover-up. End taxpayer funding to those who commit these cruel and inhumane acts. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, we ended the 2015 Congress working together with a tax extender package that I voted for that gave relief to the med-ical device folks in an omnibus bill. But we are back, and there you go again trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act, taking health care away from people and taking Planned Par-enthood, which gives people who are poor and live in areas where there is not other healthcare opportunities— taking away from them the oppor-tunity for preventive health care. b1715 The last time this was tried in Ten-nessee, there was a 1,400 percent cut in women getting preventative care. That is just not right. We just came through Hanukkah and Christmas, and we ought to think a little bit about what Hanukkah and Christmas were about and what Moses and Jesus would be about. I think they would be about sav-ing lives and about giving everybody an opportunity to live, not patient-cen-tric health care, but people living and getting health care like every other civilized, industrialized country in the world provides for its people. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ), a conscientious U.S. Member of the Committee on the Budg-et. Mr. WESTERMAN. I thank the chair-man for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, today is a good day for America because we will finally send this bill to the President’s desk. The ‘‘Unaffordable Care Act’’ is bad for the American people because it is contributing to the bankruptcy of our country while doing little to provide Americans with better health care. Mr. Speaker, I have constituents who used to have health insurance but who no longer do because their premiums are too high. Now they have no insur-ance, and the only thing to show for it is a fine from the IRS. Medicaid expan-sion is a blueprint for single-payer, government-run health care. As an en-gineer, I can assure you that, if you start with a bad blueprint, you will get bad results. Instead of expanding Medicaid for able-bodied, working-age adults, the administration should work with us to fix the broken traditional Medicaid program, which is intended for those who most need it: the elderly, the dis-abled, and children. In 2014, there were 38.2 million nondisabled Americans be-tween the ages of 18 and 64 who were not working at all. More than they need Medicaid expansion, they need progrowth economic policies that will foster good jobs so they can simply work and provide for themselves and their families. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, 62 times we have now voted to repeal the Afford-able Care Act. Let me contrast what we are about to do in the next few min-utes with the manner in which Demo-crats handled the Medicare part D pre-scription drug benefit. We voted against it. We opposed it. We became the majority, and we improved it. That is the reality of legislating. We closed the doughnut hole. We took a very dif-ficult piece of legislation—largely re-sisted on their side as well—and be-came the majority and asked: How can we singularly improve this legislation so that it has broad appeal for the American people? Today, people take it for granted. They just accept the idea that the prescription drug bill works for all members of the American fam-ily. Instead, this is the 62nd time of re-pealing this for the purpose of political 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.068 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H65 January 6, 2016 
messaging, with no alternative ever provided—not once. I hope the media members will use the contrast that I have just outlined about the prescription drug legislation in Medicare part D with what the Re-publicans are doing, once again today, with no hope other than that of trying to win political points in messaging. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the time remaining on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia has 2 minutes re-maining, and the gentleman from Maryland has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I in-quire of the gentleman from Georgia if he has any further speakers. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. We finished the debate, really, where we began, which is, on this first day back of 2016, we are really revisiting the battles of the past, as the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) and others have said. We heard from the Republican leader, Mr. M
CCARTHY , that they had worked hard for this day. We know from the nonpartisan Director of the Congres-sional Budget Office that, apparently, what our Republican colleagues worked so hard to do was to take affordable health care away from 22 million Americans. At the same time, we have heard all sorts of misinformation and distortions on this floor about Planned Parenthood, which is an organization that provides women and their families with health care, that provides cancer screenings, and that provides family planning. On national television, when asked whether there was any evidence that Planned Parenthood had broken any law, even Republican Chairman C
HAFFETZ of the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, who in-vestigated Planned Parenthood, said: ‘‘No, I’m not suggesting that they broke the law.’’ In fact, that was the finding of other committees here. Yet, our Republican colleagues have now set up a witch hunt, special committee to go after Planned Parenthood. Iron-ically, they claim to be doing an inves-tigation, but here on the floor, they have, obviously, already reached a con-clusion and have decided to defund an organization that helps provide health care to American women and families. So, rolled into one bill, you have something that would deny access to health care to 22 million Americans and, at the same time, deny important health services to millions of American women and their families. When our Republican colleagues pose this question and say that the Presi-dent is going to be faced with a tough choice, I can assure them it is not a tough choice for the President, because it is not a tough choice when it comes to whether or not we take affordable health care away from 22 million Americans. That should be an easy choice for all of us. We are not going to do it. It also shouldn’t be a tough choice as to whether or not we defund Planned Parenthood and the services they provide to American women and families. That is not going to be a tough choice for the President. The Republican leader was absolutely right when he talked about the con-sequences of the 2016 elections, because we are fortunate that, today, we have a President who will not sign that bill but who will, instead, veto that bill. Our colleagues are absolutely right. If you had a different President, includ-ing, as far as I know, all of them on the Republican side, they would be signing this bill. So this is an important state-ment of what our Republican col-leagues think is the top priority on the first day of 2016, which is to get rid of affordable health care for 22 million Americans. Let’s talk about that with the Amer-ican public because I believe that the American public wants to do what the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) said: Where we find problems and where we need to make adjust-ments, we should do it, but we shouldn’t turn back the clock and deny affordable health care to tens of mil-lions of Americans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. It seems, whenever we have a serious issue to talk about on the floor, the distortions and the utter false state-ments come out, and that is a shame because the American people deserve better. ObamaCare is harming real people, not just from an economic standpoint across this great land but from a healthcare standpoint. As a physician, I can tell you that I hear about it daily from my colleagues. We hear from the other side of folks who tout the num-bers of increase and of folks who have gained insurance. The fact of the mat-ter is, of the folks who have gained in-surance and of those who had insur-ance, many of them now have coverage, but they don’t have care. If you earn $30,000, $40,000, or $50,000 and if your de-ductible is now $5,000 or $10,000 or $12,000, you may have coverage, but you don’t have care. In fact, individ-uals are denying themselves treatment right now because they can’t afford the deductibles because of this law. That is the real world out there. That is the harm that this law is doing. We heard over and over and over that we want to remove healthcare coverage from 22 million people. That is utter nonsense, Mr. Speaker. It is absolutely not true. In fact, my friend from Mary-land quoted the CBO report, and he quoted it accurately, but he skipped over—kind of glossed over—the part that said that this would be relative to current law projections. That is right. We want to repeal this law, and we want to replace it with positive, com-monsense, patient-centered solutions that put patients and families and doc-tors in charge of health care, not Wash-ington, D.C., solutions that respect the principles of health care: accessibility for everybody, affordability for every-body, choices, and higher quality care—the things that ObamaCare has destroyed. That is why the majority of the American people don’t like this law and oppose this law. It is because it de-stroys the principles of health care that the American people hold dear. Mr. Speaker, this is the first step and the next step in the process of repeal-ing ObamaCare and of making certain that we move forward with positive, patient-centered solutions in which pa-tients and families and doctors are making medical decisions and not the Federal Government. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 3762, the Senate- Passed GOP Reconciliation Bill, appropriately dubbed the ‘‘Taking Health Coverage Away from Millions of Americans and Attacking Women’s Health Care Act.’’ This measure marks the 62nd House vote to repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act. It is the 11th time the House has voted this Congress to attack women’s health care. Make no mistake: champions of these dam-aging, reactionary policies are putting politics over people and undermining the fundamental notion that health care is not a privilege, but a right. It is unfortunate that, instead of using this time to advance legislation that improves our health care system, we are again engaging in another futile attempt to cut off funding for Planned Parenthood and put women’s health at risk, disinvest in public health and chronic disease prevention, and roll back coverage gains, consumer protections, and reforms ad-vanced by the Affordable Care Act. This Reconciliation measure flies in face of patient access and good governance. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that this damaging legislation will lead to an estimated 22 million Americans losing their health insurance after 2017. Among its many nefarious provisions, H.R. 3762 is designed to halt Medicaid expansion. This would devastate millions of hard-work-ing adults and their families across the coun-try, particularly those in high need commu-nities. H.R. 3762 would eliminate Planned Parent-hood’s ability to receive reimbursement for all health care services provided under Medicaid. Health centers like Planned Parenthood are the bedrock of our health care safety net Medicaid patients deserve to choose their health care provider and should not have their choice limited by politically motivated agendas. Texas is a case study in what happens when Planned Parenthood is attacked and ac-cess is rolled back. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.070 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH66 January 6, 2016 
In short, this measure takes away affordable health care coverage and puts politics ahead of common sense. Our constituents deserve better. I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 3762 and get back to work on behalf of the American people. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today, I will vote against H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015, which would repeal the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and defund Planned Parent-hood. Republicans eyeing election year points are waging yet another political battle with President Obama, without regards to current health coverage and protections for millions of families and businesses and limiting health care access for millions of women. The ACA is here and will remain throughout the tenure of President Obama as a key ac-complishment of his administration. Despite dire predictions, the results of the ACA are re-markable. Our nation’s uninsured rate is the lowest it’s been in decades; more than 19 mil-lion Americans today have health coverage because of the ACA. Up to 129 million Ameri-cans who have pre-existing conditions no longer have to worry about being denied cov-erage or charged higher premiums because of their health status. Additionally, thanks to the ACA, health care prices have been rising at the slowest pace in nearly 50 years. No one pretends the ACA is perfect; I’ve long claimed it is in need of refinement. Con-gress needs to work together to improve the ACA and pass legislation that continues to make health care more affordable for Ameri-cans. It’s unacceptable that we leave behind some of our most vulnerable individuals be-cause many Republican governors refuse to expand Medicaid and extend coverage to those most in need. The obsessive targeting of Planned Parent-hood funding is another reason I will vote against H.R. 3762. The amazing Planned Par-enthood staff and volunteers in my community provide critical reproductive health services to more than 70,000 Oregon women annually. This legislation is yet another concerted as-sault against the provision of essential service to women, especially women of color and low- income status. This legislative merry-go-round must stop. We must instead focus on solutions that in-stead build on the promise of healthcare re-form; not just to save money, but to improve the lives of Americans of all ages. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to express my strong disappoint-ment in House Republicans for starting off the New Year with the same failed policies from 2015. The bill before us today, the so-called Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, is simply more of the same. We’ve been here 61 times before, mak-ing today the 62nd vote to repeal or under-mine the Affordable Care Act. Enough is enough. Ultimately, we are wasting time on a bill destined for a veto and have many reasons to celebrate its imminent failure. This bill is de-signed to take health insurance from 22 million uninsured Americans. It would cut the sub-sidies provided to low and middle income Americans living with diabetes and other dis-eases that allow them to purchase private health insurance. It would also eliminate the Prevention and Public Health Fund (PPHF), which provides in-vestments in public health efforts to prevent and detect diseases like diabetes and cancer. In the first 6 years of the Fund’s inception, $5.25 billion in resources have been sent to states, tribal, and community organizations to support community-based prevention. The Fund should be strengthened, not eliminated. This bill is also designed to repeal the ACA’s Medicaid Expansion. As representative of a state that has opted not to expand its Medicaid program, I know full well the con-sequences of non-expansion. The 139,000 working Alabamians who fall in the so-called coverage gap make too much to qualify for Medicaid and too little to qualify for subsidies. My states’ decision not to expand this critical program is having a devastating—almost fatal—impact on rural health clinics and hos-pitals across my district. This provision to re-peal Medicaid Expansion would have a dev-astating impact on the 30 states that have ex-panded their Medicaid program under the Af-fordable Care Act, including 14 states with Re-publican governors. The bill is also designed to take away family planning, wellness exams, and life-saving can-cer screenings from millions of American women. The issue of access to reproductive care is very personal to my constituents as some women have to drive two counties to deliver a baby. For women in Sumter County, that’s as far as Tuscaloosa, which is an hour away. We shouldn’t be in the business of re-stricting access to family planning and repro-ductive care in our communities that are al-ready struggling from high teen pregnancy, in-fant mortality, and STD rates. While I am pleased to see an effort to re-peal the burdensome Cadillac tax and the medical device tax, I cannot support this dan-gerous bill in its entirety. I will continue to work with my colleagues to repeal the Cadillac and medical device taxes through other legislative vehicles. Before passage of the ACA, we were spending more money per patient than any country in the world. Under the law, health care prices have grown at the slowest rate in 50 years. This is economic progress that all Americans benefit from. While the Affordable Care Act is not perfect, there are millions of Americans who now have access to quality healthcare and are leading healthier lives be-cause of it. My constituents and the nurses and doctors who care for them deserve better. They de-serve a Congress that works together to fix what’s wrong with our health care system rath-er that rolling back the progress made by the Affordable Care Act. In 2016, we should be a Congress that finds solutions that benefits all Americans. Health care should not be a privi-lege. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, it’s ironic that during our first sessions of the new year today, the House gets down to business with fake business—defunding Planned Parent-hood and the 62nd vote to repeal Obamacare. Never mind the inevitable veto by a Demo-cratic President—the Republican Governor of Kentucky, Matt Beven has already vetoed his own campaign promise to repeal the Medicaid expansion. A Washington Post editorial com-mended Bevin for ‘‘good sense.’’ It’s also sound policy and good politics to claim federal funds that your constituents have paid for to improve the health care of half a million low- income Kentuckians. Defunding Planned Parenthood, or federally funded health care for the 60 percent of their Medicaid patients who depend on Planned Parenthood, would have the same effect as defunding the Medicaid expansion in Ken-tucky. Both would take away from the neediest living in underserved communities for spiteful political reasons. Republicans began 2016 with more of the same, by targeting medical care for the poor. Americans deserve better than the same old foolishness in the new year. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 579, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. T
OM P
RICE). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to concur will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 181, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 6] YEAS—240 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.028 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H67 January 6, 2016 
Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Cleaver DeLauro Hinojosa Issa Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kind King (IA) Miller (MI) Nugent Payne Rush Titus b1754 Ms. KUSTER changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the question on agree-ing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1927, FAIRNESS IN CLASS ACTION LITIGATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–389) on the resolution (H. Res. 581) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1927) to amend title 28, United States Code, to improve fairness in class action litiga-tion, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
SEARCHING FOR AND CUTTING REGULATIONS THAT ARE UN-NECESSARILY BURDENSOME ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 1155. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 580 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1155. The Chair appoints the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
OLLINS ) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b1758 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1155) to provide for the establishment of a proc-ess for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of New York in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall not exceed 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on the Judiciary and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ), the gen-tleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ), and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) each will control 15 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. As we begin 2016, we face the same difficulty we have faced since the be-ginning of the Obama administration. Because the administration and the en-trenched Washington regulatory bu-reaucracy insist on piling burden upon burden on the backs of workers, Main Street families, and small-business owners, America is still struggling to create enough new jobs and economic growth to produce the prosperity we need. b1800 To turn this problem around, we must not only stem the tide of unnec-essarily costly new regulations; we must also get rid of the deadwood in the accumulated, existing regulations that impose almost $2 trillion in an-nual costs on our economy. How can America’s job creators cre-ate enough new jobs while Washington regulations divert so many of their re-sources in other directions? The SCRUB Act addresses this problem head-on with new, innovative ways to clear away the clutter of outdated and unnecessarily burdensome regulations. For years, there has been a bipar-tisan consensus that this is an impor-tant task that must be performed. But, as with so many things, the hard part has always been the details. Different approaches have been tried by different Presidential administrations, and some solutions have been offered by Con-gress. But, to date, no sufficiently meaningful results have been produced. In many ways, this is because past approaches never fully aligned the in-centives and tools of all the relevant actors—regulatory agencies, regulated entities, the President, the Congress, and others—to identify and cut the reg-ulations that can and should be cut. On their own, regulators have little incentive to shine a spotlight on their errors or on regulations that are no longer needed. Regulated entities, meanwhile, may fear retaliation by regulators if they suggest ways to trim the regulators’ authority. And the sheer volume of the Code of Federal Regulations, which now contains roughly 175,000 pages of regulations, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.031 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH68 January 6, 2016 
presents a daunting task for any Con-gress or President to address. The SCRUB Act represents a real step forward in our attempts to elimi-nate obsolete and unnecessarily bur-densome Federal regulations without compromising needed regulatory objec-tives. By establishing an expert com-mission with the resources and author-ity to assess independently where and how regulations are outdated and un-necessarily burdensome, it overcomes the disincentives for agencies and even regulated entities to identify problem regulations. In addition, by providing a legislative method to immediately repeal the most problematic regulations, the SCRUB Act assures that we will take care of the biggest problems quickly. Further, by instituting regulatory CutGo measures for the remaining reg-ulations the commission identifies for repeal—when Congress approves the re-peal—the bill assures that the rest of the work of cutting regulations will fi-nally happen. I urge my colleagues to support the SCRUB Act. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Members, my colleagues, I rise, I am sorry to say, in strong opposition to H.R. 1155, the so-called SCRUB Act, be-cause it threatens to drown agencies in additional layers of red tape and makes it nearly impossible to establish any new rule, no matter how pressing, or to issue any guidance on existing rules. Under this bill, an agency must treat every regulation the same, regardless of the urgency of the situation or the subject matter of the regulation. H.R. 1155 achieves this result in several re-spects. First, the bill would establish a regu-latory CutGo process, forcing agencies to prioritize between existing protec-tions and responding to new threats to our health and safety. This draconian, one-size-fits-all retrospective review process would obligate an agency to de-termine the costs of a new regulation and eliminate an existing regulation in order to pay for it. Next, the SCRUB Act is a dangerous solution in search of a problem. In principle, retrospective review of exist-ing regulations is certainly not a bad idea. It is hard to argue against the no-tion that agencies should periodically assess whether the rules they promul-gated are as good as they can be or whether they are even necessary in light of changed circumstances. However, each agency already con-ducts oversight through retrospective review of agency rules, narrowing the delegations of authority to agencies, controlling agency appropriations, and conducting oversight of agency activ-ity. And finally, we must acknowledge that the real intent of this legislation is to hobble the ability of the agencies to regulate. Proponents of this legislation rely on unsubstantiated rhetoric that regula-tions inhibit economic development. Supporters of so-called regulatory ‘‘re-form’’ measures like the SCRUB Act claim that regulation imposes such costs on businesses that it stifles eco-nomic growth and job creation. In support of this contention, they repeatedly cite a widely debunked study by economists Mark and Nicole Crain that claims Federal regulation imposes an annual cost of $1.75 trillion on business. The Crain study, however, has been extensively criticized for ex-aggerating the costs of Federal rule-making on small businesses. In recognition of these concerns, the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards, an alliance of more than 150 consumer, labor, research, faith, and other public interest groups, strongly oppose this legislation. In addition, the White House has released a Statement of Ad-ministration Policy that threatens to veto this legislation. Accordingly, I sincerely urge my col-leagues to join with me in opposing H.R. 1155. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, 175,268. That is the number of pages of Federal regulations on the books that are breaking down the backs of small businesses, farmers, and families across our entire country. Some of the folks across the aisle may say that there aren’t any unneces-sary regulations, there aren’t regula-tions that cause an undue burden on families, there may not be any that are outdated. Let me give you a list of a couple that I came across just in the last couple of years. I spoke to some dairy farmers in my congressional district. Not too long ago, according to the EPA, if they stored more than 1,320 gallons of milk, they had to prepare the same kind of hazardous spill requirement that these large oil companies do with oil spills. Just a few years ago, we had the De-partment of Labor try to say whether my nephews or anyone’s kids or grandkids could perform common chores on the family farm. We also had the EPA trying to imple-ment ambient air quality standards that are so unrealistic that literally the Mark Twain National Forest in southeast Missouri would be considered in some areas a nonattainment zone. And I can tell you right now that I would rather breathe the oxygen in southeast Missouri than in any of the big coastal cities on the East or the West side. We have also seen this administra-tion act with the stroke of a pen to try and implement rules that could not be passed by legislation in Congress, such as cap-and-trade when the Democrats controlled the House in 2010. Now the President is trying to implement those environmental policies, which would ultimately double and triple the utility rates of people on fixed incomes in southeast Missouri. We had an issue where the National Park Service implemented a rule say-ing that a local Baptist church in south-central Missouri could not per-form their water baptism service along the Current River, an act that they had been doing for decades. This was a rule that came up. Mr. Chairman, as I have stated, there are multiple rules—and I could go on and on—that are unnecessary, out-dated, and causing an undue burden on businesses. This is the opportunity where citizens across the country can come before this commission and re-quest rules to be seen and to be looked at that would actually make govern-ment smaller, more efficient, and ac-countable. I am asking this body to help support the SCRUB Act so we can reform gov-ernment regulation at the Federal level like we have done at the State level when I was there. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to H.R. 1155, the SCRUB Act, a one-way ratchet with the sole aim of prioritizing costs over benefits through the reckless elimi-nation of rules without consideration of their benefit. This legislation would shift the costs of rules from corporations to con-sumers, while posing substantial bur-dens and delays to agencies, thereby undermining public health and safety. Title II of H.R. 1155 prohibits agen-cies from issuing a single new rule until the agency first offsets the cost of the new rule by repealing an existing rule specified by the commission. These regulatory CutGo provisions would apply to every new agency rule, no matter how important or pressing, for every regulatory agency. For instance, any expert regulatory agency seeking to promulgate a new rule to safeguard vehicles from igni-tion switch failures, to keeping our water clean from chemical contamina-tion, or to protect our hospitals in the event of an outbreak of an infectious disease would first have to eliminate an existing rule, which would trigger a new rulemaking process altogether to rescind that rule, causing years in delays. Furthermore, title II lacks any mechanism for agencies to issue emer-gency rules that protect the public and environment from imminent harm. These procedures are dangerous and would tie the hands of agencies re-sponding to public health crises requir-ing timely regulatory responses. Additionally, agencies are unable to simply rescind rules. Instead, the APA requires that agencies follow the same notice and comment procedures to eliminate a rule as would be required to issue the same rule in the first place. Thus, under the bill’s requirements, prior to promulgating a new rule, agen-cies would likely need to prepare two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.075 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H69 January 6, 2016 
sets of proposals: one for a new rule and one for eliminating an existing rule required by the commission through regulatory CutGo. This proc-ess may take anywhere from a few months to several years, especially when the underlying rule involves com-plex issues. Lastly, the SCRUB Act is a dan-gerous solution in search of a problem. Each branch of government already conducts effective oversight through retrospective review of agency rules, narrowing the delegations of authority to agencies controlling agency appro-priations and conducting oversight of agency activity. Congress also has the specific author-ity under the Congressional Review Act to disapprove any rule that an agency proposes. b1815 Rather than meaningfully stream-lining the rulemaking process, regu-latory CutGo would ossify the regu-latory system by causing years of delay in the rulemaking process, cre-ating additional layers and burdens in the regulatory system. In total, the SCRUB Act would essen-tially function as a choke hold on Fed-eral agency rulemaking; therefore, we should change the name of the SCRUB Act to the ‘‘Scrooge Act.’’ It delays any new action by an agency and drains agency resources and taxpayer dollars in a time of widespread budget austerity. Lastly, I would comment that impos-ing the same regulatory burden on a dairy farmer as is imposed on an oil producer or an oil company sounds to me like the oil companies have been having a great day with the rules around here of late if they have got to do what we require a dairy farmer to do. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, here in Washington, it is often difficult to see the true breadth and effect of the near-ly $2 trillion regulatory burden im-posed by Federal regulations, but in my Pennsylvania district, you see these burdens in everyday life. Across the spectrum of businesses, the struggle with regulatory compli-ance is an ever-present drag on cre-ating jobs, economic growth, and inno-vation. I hear the same stories from small, family-owned restaurants, to mechanics, shop owners, and even landscapers. Due to decades of regula-tion from Washington, they are forced to focus as much time or more on com-pliance instead of running their busi-nesses. These are real costs in dollars that are lost to needless and, in many cases, outdated red tape. The SCRUB Act will start the proc-ess of unraveling years of convoluted, sometimes contradictory, regulations and eliminating the costs that come with them. It is a bill that will mod-ernize our Code of Federal Regulations for the 21st Century by eliminating regulations from the last one. Just as important, it is a bill that will lessen the amount of money spent by our gov-ernment in enforcing regulations that are no longer needed. I am proud to cosponsor this piece of legislation, and I urge all my col-leagues to support it. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). Mr. PETERS. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, the Harvard Business School’s United States Competitive-ness Project has outlined eight actions it recommends that Congress take to make America the most economically competitive place in the world to do business, not just to increase corporate profits, but to increase wages for work-ing people across America. Among those eight steps, which in-clude immigration reform, responsible Federal budgeting, tax reform, and in-vesting in infrastructure and research, is simplifying Federal regulation. The idea is not to lower standards but to regulate more intelligently, keeping in mind costs and benefits, and focusing on outcomes rather than compliance methods. I am in lockstep agreement with the Harvard Business School and with House Republican leadership and with many of my Democratic colleagues on the objective of simplifying and streamlining Federal regulation. But what frustrates me today is that the House Republican leadership’s so- called SCRUB Act has no chance of passage, and they know it. Because it requires costs to be arbitrarily cut, with no policy goal, and makes it hard to do even good rulemaking in the fu-ture, it has virtually no support among Democrats, including, most notably, the President of the United States, who would have to sign the bill for it to be-come law. If we want to be serious about regu-latory reform, we should bring up a bill that has bipartisan support, will pass this Chamber, and has a chance at the President’s approval as well. The amendment that will be offered later by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
URPHY ), my colleague, that I co-sponsored, is based on the Regulatory Improvement Act of 2015. The bill is strongly bipartisan, counting new Democrats, moderate Republicans, and even Freedom Caucus members among its cosponsors. It would empower, like the SCRUB Act, an independent, bipartisan com-mission to sift through the regulatory accumulation of the past decades to recommend changes and eliminations and to present those recommendations to Congress for an up-or-down vote. Now, we have heard the Republican leadership say that Congress, in 2016, will be about drawing contrasts. Appar-ently, that means that, rather than seeking to work together in areas on which we agree, we will have a series of these message bills, like the SCRUB Act, that are more about making a po-litical point than making policy. So we will talk about the SCRUB Act instead of passing the Regulatory Improve-ment Act; and therefore, we will not provide the economy and our workers the regulatory relief that we all want to provide them and we agreed that they need. And that, drawing contrasts to win elections instead of working on solutions for our constituents in areas in which Republicans and Democrats agree, is what people hate about Con-gress. I urge my colleagues to support the bipartisan approach. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ). Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chairman, I rise this evening in support of H.R. 1155, the SCRUB Act, and would like to thank my colleague from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) for his leadership in this mat-ter. Mr. Chairman, this legislation is aimed at decreasing the regulatory burden facing our Nation’s small busi-nesses. Small businesses account for 7 out of every 10 new jobs created in America today—7 out of 10. Unfortunately, overly burdensome regulations particularly impact small businesses. Oppressive Federal regula-tions are holding our small businesses back from growing and creating more jobs, and we all know we need more jobs created in this country. As chairman of the Committee on Small Business in the House, I hear from small-business folks every week from all over the country who are struggling under the weight of exces-sive regulations. In the West End of Cincinnati, for ex-ample, the Wegman Company is finding it next to impossible to comply with ObamaCare and SBA loan require-ments. They say that reducing unnec-essary regulatory burdens would allow them to focus their energy and time and resources on growing and expand-ing their business and creating the jobs that are sorely needed in Cincinnati. The SCRUB Act will create a bipar-tisan, blue-ribbon commission to close-ly examine the mountain of costly ex-isting Federal regulations and target those that ought to be repealed. In par-ticular, the commission will prioritize reviews of major rules, some that are more than 15 years old and that impose disproportionately high costs on Amer-ica’s small businesses. H.R. 1155 will provide a commonsense way to identify and repeal outdated regulations that unnecessarily and dis-proportionately burden small busi-nesses. I urge my colleagues to support the SCRUB Act. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.076 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH70 January 6, 2016 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy. Mr. Chairman, I have certain sym-pathy to what my friend from Cali-fornia talked about. There are areas of being able to move forward to be able to fine-tune the regulatory system. The problem with the approach that is taken here—it has no chance of being enacted into law and includes sort of a mindless approach in a formula basis that has no reality basis going forward. We have used government regulation to be able to fine-tune legislation. Can it be done better? I have no doubt. One of the things I feel very strongly about, it is not a case of having a mindless formula, having a group of unelected bureaucrats. I find that my friends on the other side of the aisle had spasms of angst and fury about unelected bureaucrats advising Con-gress dealing with the Affordable Care Act to try and help maintain targets for Medicare savings, but they have re-ferred to unelected bureaucrats in this regard. One of the things that I think is im-portant is that we not implement a theory here that would engage us in more rulemaking, more expenses. This would effectively dramatically increase the amount of time and energy, reduc-ing the flexibility to be able to move forward. It would be much more productive if we were focusing on the principle of performance-based regulation. Estab-lish what it is that we are trying to do; provide the actors and actresses in the private sector and in government with achievable benchmarks to guide the be-havior that we are trying to achieve. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I yield the gentleman an additional 15 seconds. Mr. BLUMENAUER. A performance- based regulatory system would have less overall regulation, give people a target to shoot for that wouldn’t have to be as contentious, and actually be able to get the job done. This would be a much more productive approach rath-er than legislation that isn’t going to go anywhere and, frankly, shouldn’t go anywhere. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, the fourth branch of government is the bureaucrats. We don’t know who most of them are, but they are everywhere. And what they do is, with a certain group of bureaucrats, they regulate. Congress has allowed them to do that, by law, and they make all kinds of rules about everything. Usually they will take a law, and then they will regulate or form rules about that law; and because of that, we have about 175,000 pages of regulation. Come a long ways since the Ten Com-mandments—10 words, basically. Now they have got 175,000 pages of regula-tions, rules by Federal bureaucrats on American businesses and American in-dividuals. Do we really need 175,000 rules? Maybe a few thousand less would be better. The SCRUB Act tries to organize all of these rules because a lot of them are important. A lot of them are good, and a lot of them are bad. A lot of them are dumb, and a whole lot of them are very expensive to Americans. Now, let’s just use one example. The Lacey Act was written in about 1900, and the Lacey Act says, if a crime is committed in another country regard-ing importing into the U.S., it is a crime in the U.S. if it is a crime in an-other country. So Abner Schoenwetter was charged with a crime under the interpretation of the Lacey Act because he had the audacity to import into the United States the Caribbean spiny lobster from Honduras that were too small, and he shipped them in paper boxes, cardboard boxes, instead of plastic boxes. Now, never mind that the Honduran Government did not enforce this law. In fact, the Honduran Government said, in a brief to the U.S. Government from the Attorney General of Hon-duras: Don’t prosecute him. We don’t enforce this law. But no, he is prosecuted under the in-terpretation of the Lacey Act for bringing in those little bitty lobsters and bringing them in paper rather than in plastic. So you know the result? He got 8 years in prison for this. Are you kidding me? I mean, I am a former judge. Do we really need to be spending America’s money and time on prosecuting people for using paper in-stead of plastic? And that is what hap-pened to him. So the SCRUB Act will go through and try to regulate the regulators and regulate the regulations. And that is just the way it is. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, it is clear that the driver of the SCRUB Act is not the dairy farmer, but it is the oil company and those as rich and powerful as those are. So, in summary, H.R. 1155 is yet an-other antiregulatory bill on the big corporation wish list, saddling Amer-ican taxpayers with a $30 million check for a bill that wouldn’t create one job beyond the membership of the commis-sion itself. This bill has serious flaws, and I would urge my colleagues to reject it. Vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1155. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself the balance of my time. During this debate, my friends from the other side of the aisle have raised several false alarms about the alleged harms of this bill. b1830 The alarm bells that should be ring-ing for all Americans, however, is the alarm bell about the damage the dead weight of Washington regulation is pil-ing on American jobs and wages. All rhetoric aside, the question that needs to be asked is, at the turn of this new year, where do American jobs and wages stand? The Investor’s Business Daily reports that we have just con-cluded 8 years of zero real wage growth for American workers and families. That means zero wage growth for the entire Obama administration—0.0. What about jobs? Ninety-four million Americans above the age of 16 are out of the workforce—completely out of the workforce. Labor force participa-tion has fallen sharply for working-age Americans. And we would have created about 6 million more jobs if the so- called Obama recovery had just been as good and as strong as the average re-covery since World War II. The Obama recovery, instead, is the worst recovery from recession in a postwar era. The near $2 trillion of annual regulatory costs crushing our economy’s ability to create new jobs and higher wages is a critical part of this problem. Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill to help deliver new jobs and better wages to America’s workers and families. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I want to first start by thanking the leadership of JASON  S
MITH in bringing this bill before us. I rise in support of H.R. 1155, the Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burdensome Act of 2015, also known as the SCRUB Act, which we have been talking about. The bill addresses an important issue facing American taxpayers: ever-grow-ing regulation. Each year the Federal agencies add regulation after regula-tion piling up into an already complex and crowded regulatory system. The Code of Federal Regulation now ex-ceeds 175,000 pages, and every year the Federal Government promulgates thou-sands of new regulations. It is hard to keep up with all the regulation time and time again. In just the fall of 2015, the semi-annual Unified Regulatory Agenda con-tained 2,000 more regulations, includ-ing 144 regulations expected to cost over $100 million each. This ever-grow-ing stack of regulations has consider-able impacts on the economy. I want to be clear. This happens no matter what the administration is— Democrat, Republican, Bush, Obama, it doesn’t matter. It is a natural tend-ency of the executive branch to want to do what Congress is supposed to do, and there are just things that get im-plemented that need to be scrubbed out of the system so we can get to some sanity and some reasonableness, so that people can understand what their government is expecting of them. I think there is room and there is place for regulation, but it is a limited 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.078 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H71 January 6, 2016 
one. It needs to be well understood, and it is reasonable to search, cut, find, and get rid of these burdensome regula-tions. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. I thank my dear friend, the distinguished ranking mem-ber of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ). I must say, the previous speaker rep-resenting the majority on the Judici-ary Committee reminded me of the meaning of the word chutzpah. To com-plain about job growth when your party hands a new, Democratic Presi-dent the deepest and worst recession since the Great Depression; when you leave the country with 10.2 percent un-employment, and that President and these Democrats in this Congress re-versed all that. Unemployment is less than half of that, 5 percent. We have had 64 consecutive months of positive— net positive—private-sector job growth, the longest stretch in Amer-ican history. And you want to say it could have been better if we hadn’t had so much regulation? What an extraor-dinary narrative—and a false one and a dangerous one. The name of this bill is the SCRUB Act. The best thing we can do with this bill is to scrub it from the floor of the House of Representatives. It is dan-gerous because it will lift protections on public health and public safety. You don’t like regulation. Some reg-ulation is burdensome, and certainly we ought to have regular reviews to make sure we reduce or eliminate those. We already do. Agencies are al-ready required to do so under the exec-utive orders signed by this President. In fact, those efforts are yielding re-sults. The Administrative Conference of the United States reports that agen-cies have identified ‘‘tens of billions of dollars of cost savings and tens of mil-lions of hours of reduced paperwork and reporting requirements through modification of existing regulations’’ because of those reviews already in place. The Department of Labor, for ex-ample, modified its chemical hazard la-beling requirement, reducing costs to industry by $2.5 billion over the last 5 years. I am particularly troubled by the bill’s creation of a CutGo scheme which seems deceptively appealing. That is a plan in which agencies would be re-quired to eliminate an existing regula-tion before they could possibly promul-gate a new one. That forces agencies into an arbitrary and untenable posi-tion of having to choose between pre-serving existing public health and safe-ty protections or moving to protect against new threats. The bill provides no safe harbor exceptions for any rules, no matter how important, potentially jeopardizing the very public health and safety mission of Federal agencies. Of course, Mr. Chairman, the real in-tent behind this bill and another the House will consider tomorrow is not about improving regulatory processes but to create delays ad infinitum to grind the regulatory process to an ab-solute halt for the benefit of certain corporate interests in America at the public’s expense. In addition to not giv-ing the administration any credit for its herculean efforts to streamline cur-rent regulations, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle conveniently fail to mention any of the health or safety benefits of regulation. OMB estimates the annual net—net—benefit of major rules issued during this administration is approximately $215 billion. But that is an inconvenient fact. That is a dif-ficult thing to talk about, that there actually could be benefits to public health by cleaner air and cleaner water. Further, my colleagues have provided no evidence that regulation somehow serves as the hobnail boot on the neck of the economy, as they would have us believe. I mentioned it is quite the op-posite in terms of unemployment, in terms of job growth, and in terms of GDP growth. Mr. Chairman, it is this legislation that is unnecessary and burdensome and, I suggest, a threat to public health and safety. We ought to scrub it from the calendar. Short of that, I cer-tainly urge my colleagues to oppose it, as I will. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, The Washington Times cited the Federal Register. In 1 year alone, there were 81,611 pages of new regulations. I think it is time that we go back and look at those. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) for his passion on this topic. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, since 2008, the term of the current administration, for the first time since records have been kept, we have a net reduction in small busi-nesses, according to the National Fed-eration of Independent Business. I am going to say that again. We have, for the first time in recorded his-tory, a net reduction in small busi-nesses in this country. There is a study that was done in 2012 by the National Association of Manu-facturers. It says for small manufac-turers—for small manufacturers—the cost per employee of complying with regulations is $35,000. There is another study that was done for the SBA that determined that $15,000 per family—per household—is the cost of complying with regulations in the United States. This is absolutely a burden on our fam-ilies. It is a burden on our economy. Now, at the same time, the adminis-tration is out there talking about the promotion of free trade agreements around the country. Explain to me how we are going to be able to compete on a level playing field with these other countries if we are tying the American workers’ hands behind their backs and throwing them out there on the field? Mr. Chairman, I am not sure what bill is being described here by some of the previous speakers. This bill sets up a bipartisan commission. You heard numerous examples of regulations that are outdated that might have made a ton of sense in the 1940s and the 1950s. It is 2016. We need to take a fresh look at this. A study was done that determined that this bill could result in the reduc-tion or a cost savings of $48 billion an-nually by taking a fresh look at regula-tions. Government is not going to save this country. Government didn’t make this country the greatest country in the world. It was competition, it was innovation, and it was hard work by the American workforce. Take this regulatory burden off of our workforce, Mr. Chairman, and let’s put these people back to work. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this legislation. The SCRUB Act would establish a $30 million commission to duplicate work agencies are already supposed to be doing. The bill would entrust this commission with extraor-dinary powers that could be subject to abuse. This bill is opposed by Citizens for Sensible Safeguards, a coalition of more than 150 consumer, labor, and good government groups. In addition, the administration announced last night that if this bill were presented to the President, his advisers would rec-ommend that he veto it. President Obama has already issued two executive orders to eliminate un-necessary regulations. On January 18, 2011, President Obama issued Executive Order No. 13563, requiring each agency to implement plans for reviewing its existing rules. It requires each agency to ‘‘periodically review its existing sig-nificant regulations to determine whether any such regulations should be modified, streamlined, expanded, or re-pealed.’’ In addition, President Obama issued Executive Order No. 13610 on May 10, 2012, requiring agencies to report twice a year to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs on the status of their retrospective review efforts. In November 2014, the Administrative Conference of the United States issued a report highlighting the impact of these mandated reviews. The report concluded: ‘‘Implementing President Obama’s executive orders on retrospec-tive review of regulations, agencies identified tens of billions of dollars of cost savings and tens of millions of hours of reduced paperwork and report-ing requirements through modifica-tions of existing regulations.’’ Congress also has the authority and the responsibility to conduct oversight to review existing agency rules and to recommend or mandate reforms. Yet this bill attempts to reduce bureauc-racy by creating a new commission 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.079 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH72 January 6, 2016 
that would cost taxpayers $30 million— let me say that again—$30 million to do what agencies and Congress are al-ready doing. One of the most troubling aspects of this bill is the broad authority it would give to the commission. The commis-sion would have virtually unlimited authority to subpoena witnesses or documents. Specifically, section 101(c) of this bill states: ‘‘The Commission may issue subpoenas requiring the at-tendance and testimony of witnesses and the production of any evidence re-lating to the duties of the Commission. The attendance of witnesses and the production of evidence may be required from any place within the United States at any designated place of hear-ing within the United States.’’ b1845 Most agency inspectors general do not have such broad authority to com-pel witness testimony, yet this unelected commission would have this authority. The commission would have jurisdiction over every existing regula-tion. This means that it could compel an individual to testify on any subject. A schoolteacher could be compelled to testify about education rules or a sen-ior citizen could be compelled to tes-tify about Medicare or Social Security rules. Three prominent law professors with the Center for Progressive Reform sent a letter opposing this bill last month. The letter said: ‘‘H.R. 1155 would create a convoluted, complex, and potentially very expen-sive new bureaucracy to review exist-ing agency rules and make rec-ommendations for the repeal or weak-ening of those rules with little mean-ingful oversight, transparency, or pub-lic accountability to ensure that these recommendations do not subvert the public interest.’’ This may be a well-intended bill, but it could have dangerous consequences. I urge Members to oppose it. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD a Statement of Administration Policy, dated January 5, 2016. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 1155—SEARCHING FOR AND CUTTING REGU -
LATIONS THAT ARE UNNECESSARILY BURDEN -
SOME ACT OF 2015  (Rep. Smith, R–MO, Jan. 5, 2016) The Administration is committed to ensur-ing that regulations are smart and effective, and tailored to further statutory goals in the most cost-effective and efficient manner. The retrospective review of regulations has been an ongoing priority of this Administra-tion. Starting in 2011, the President institu-tionalized the retrospective review of regula-tions in Executive Orders 13563 and 13610, re-quiring agencies to report twice a year on the status of their efforts. H.R. 1155, the Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burdensome Act, would make the process of retrospective regulatory review less productive. Further, the bill also would create needless regulatory and legal uncertainty; increase costs for businesses and State, local and tribal governments; and impede common-sense protections for the American public. Accordingly, the Adminis-tration strongly opposes House passage of H.R. 1155 in its current form. Although outside input and perspective on what rules may be ripe for potential reform or repeal is crucial, retrospective review is most effective when led by the agencies. The bill’s creation of a stand-alone commission to review the entire Code of Federal Regula-tions is likely to produce a haphazard list of rules that, under the procedures in the bill, must be repealed if approved by a joint reso-lution. There appears to be no mechanism for making thoughtful and modest modifica-tions to rules to improve their implementa-tion and enforcement, which is often the best course of action for making regulations work better. Moreover, the bill’s ‘‘cut-go’’ ap-proach is problematic: it would interfere with the ability of agencies to issue regula-tions that are essential for the protection of public health, safety, and the environment. The Administration recognizes that the ap-plicability of ‘‘cut-go’’ in H.R. 1155 is nar-rower than in other bills being considered in the Congress. Nonetheless, it is essential that agencies have the flexibility to prompt-ly issue new, vital rules. This ability should not be constrained by a Commission’s rec-ommendation, or Congressional approval of a list of repealable rules. While retrospective review is an Administration priority and an essential tool to relieve unnecessary regu-latory burden, it is important that retro-spective review efforts not unnecessarily constrain an agency’s ability to provide a timely response to critical public health or safety issues, or constrain its ability to im-plement new statutory provisions. For these reasons, the Administration strongly opposes H.R. 1155 in its current form. If the President were presented with the current version of H.R. 1155, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. Mr. CUMMINGS. I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM). I appreciate his pas-sion on this issue. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman. I rise today in support of H.R. 1155, the Searching for and Cutting Regula-tions that are Unnecessarily Burden-some Act. While the full title is a mouthful, I can assure you that the idea behind this bill is simple and clear: removing obsolete and burdensome regulations so our economy can grow. This legislation creates a commis-sion to identify outdated rules, stream-lines and updates our regulatory sys-tem, and enforces executive agencies to repeal unnecessary regulations to off-set the cost of new ones. As a career small business person, I know firsthand what it is like to oper-ate and grow a business under the bur-den of excessive regulation. I have met a payroll every week for the last 20 years. I would propose to you, Mr. Chair-man, if more of my Democratic col-leagues had signed the fronts of pay-checks, this Federal Government would produce fewer regulations on busi-nesses today. According to a report by the Com-petitive Enterprise Institute, the cost to the economy of regulations is a staggering $2 trillion a year. And we wonder, Mr. Chairman, why manufac-turers choose to move their operations outside the United States. Instead of hiring more workers, rais-ing wages and benefits, and investing in technology, many businesses are forced instead to divert investments toward complying with evermore gov-ernment regulations. This has to change. As I travel in my district, I am often asked how do we reignite the economy. The answer, Mr. Chairman, is rel-atively simple. We have the finest en-trepreneurs and the finest small-busi-ness people in the entire world here in the United States. Simply get out of our way, get off of our backs with excessive regulations, get out of our back pockets with exces-sive fees and taxes, and we will grow our businesses, will hire more employ-ees, and we will create opportunities for our citizens to live their versions of the American Dream. I thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) for putting this proposal forward. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this commonsense measure so our businesses can be free from outdated regulations that no longer make sense for America. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman yielding. I rise in support of H.R. 1155. I think, if all of us are honest in this House, every one of us, certainly myself in-cluded, I would be the first to say I hear on a regular basis from the people of Georgia of how they are literally being strangled economically because of the overburdened Federal regula-tions that are upon them. It is an issue that we must absolutely address. It is an issue that we have dealt with time and again in the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee. Now we have an opportunity to do something about it. That is why I support H.R. 1155. The SCRUB Act, in essence, will es-tablish a blue-ribbon commission to identify outdated and unnecessary reg-ulations that are placing a burden on our businesses and individuals. This commission will be comprised of ex-perts from the private sector, aca-demia, as well as government agencies. I hope we have heard what has al-ready been said here today. There are 175,000 pages of regulations amounting to some $2 trillion a year of burdens upon our economy, upon businesses, and upon individuals in this country. It amounts to, as was stated previously, some $15,000 per household if it were spread out. How can we tolerate this any longer? We can’t. That is the bottom line. The commission that will be established 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.080 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H73 January 6, 2016 
here will help go through all of these 175,000 pages of regulations and help end a culture of suffocation and regula-tion. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to have supported the SCRUB Act in the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform in the past, and I am pleased to do so again today. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1155. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I would like to make my counterpart aware that I have one additional speak-er and then I am prepared to close. At this time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman. I rise today as an original cosponsor of the SCRUB Act that relieves the burdensome impact of unnecessary Federal regulation on Americans. This legislation establishes a system-atic process to reduce regulatory costs. It comes at a time when the President continues to limit Americans’ eco-nomic freedom by issuing new decrees from Washington. According to the Competitive Enter-prise Institute, the Obama administra-tion issued a staggering 82,036 pages of proposed rules just in 2015, eclipsing its own 2010 record. In 2015, that equaled a total of 3,408 rules and regulations. The weight of Federal regulations is a millstone around the necks of entre-preneurs and small businesses strug-gling to survive amid economic uncer-tainty. The SCRUB Act provides a means to cut unnecessary regulations and help the economy recover. It incor-porates elements of my own bill, the Regulatory Review and Sunset Act. Like my bill, the SCRUB Act re-quires the review of existing regula-tions to identify those in need of re-peal. Under the review process, it prioritizes those regulations with a major economic impact and that im-pose a disproportionate economic bur-den on small businesses. It requires recommendations on regu-latory repeal to be presented to Con-gress for approval. If Congress gives the okay, repeal must happen. Republicans and Democrats alike support eliminating the costs of unnec-essary and obsolete regulations to help economic recovery. The SCRUB Act provides a meaningful, bipartisan mechanism to achieve this goal. Again, I want to thank the chairman. I urge passage. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, Mr. Chairman, the Mem-bers on the other side of the aisle talk about the costs of regulations. I think we always have to keep in mind there is a reason for regulations. Sadly, in many instances, there have been abuses where public health safety is concerned. We have to make sure that we draw that balance. I think President Obama has done a lot in that regard and has probably done more than many of his predecessors. It is important to remember that these regulations have enormous bene-fits. In October, the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs reported that the net benefits of major rules issued during the Obama administra-tion, from 2009 to 2014, is some $215 bil-lion. Agencies have also reduced the cost of regulations by streamlining ex-isting rules. In 2014, the Administrative Con-ference of the United States reported that more than 90 percent of agency retrospective reviews resulted in amendments to the Code of Federal Regulations. For example, the Depart-ment of Labor modified the chemical hazard labeling requirements, which saved manufacturers around $2.5 billion over 5 years. We do not need to waste $30 million on a new commission to review rules when agencies are already performing this function without additional tax-payer funding. I urge all Members to vote against this bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. I urge passage of this bill. I want to congratulate our colleague, Congress-man J
ASON SMITH, for his good, dili-gent work on this. A lot of Members have had a deep-seated interest in this. There has been, I think, a good discus-sion about this. In general, I think what we are pro-posing is very fair and it is very bal-anced. We are asking for a bipartisan group of people to go back and review things. I think it would be naive at best to think that things that were added as regulations in the 1940s or the 1950s are automatically—automati-cally—by default necessary today. Sometimes you have to go back and look. And we are asking to do this in a bipartisan way. That is not a heavy lift. It is not unreasonable. It is very balanced in its approach. I think it is the right thing to do. Is there a proper role of regulation? Of course. It doesn’t mean that every-thing needs to be regulated. I worry about the men and women, the young entrepreneurs, that are trying to get things done because they run into hur-dles they never knew were there. We handcuff people. There are unintended consequences. The economy is different today than it was in the 1930s or the 1940s. It is reasonable to go back and try to scrub out some of these regulations and do so in a bipartisan way, but, yet, there is opposition to that. Neverthe-less, I think we put together a good bill. I urge Members to vote for it. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule and is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1155 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnec-essarily Burdensome Act of 2015’’ or as the ‘‘SCRUB Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—RETROSPECTIVE REGULATORY REVIEW COMMISSION Sec. 101. In general. TITLE II—REGULATORY CUT-GO Sec. 201. Cut-go procedures. Sec. 202. Applicability. Sec. 203. OIRA certification of cost calcula-tions. TITLE III—RETROSPECTIVE REVIEW OF NEW RULES Sec. 301. Plan for future review. TITLE IV—JUDICIAL REVIEW Sec. 401. Judicial review. TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 501. Definitions. Sec. 502. Effective date. TITLE I—RETROSPECTIVE REGULATORY REVIEW COMMISSION 
SEC. 101. IN GENERAL. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a commission, to be known as the ‘‘Retrospec-tive Regulatory Review Commission’’, that shall review rules and sets of rules in accord-ance with specified criteria to determine if a rule or set of rules should be repealed to eliminate or reduce the costs of regulation to the economy. The Commission shall ter-minate on the date that is 5 years and 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act or 5 years after the date by which all Com-mission members’ terms have commenced, whichever is later. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) N
UMBER .—The Commission shall be composed of 9 members who shall be ap-pointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. Each member shall be appointed not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act. (2) T
ERM.—The term of each member shall commence upon the member’s confirmation by the Senate and shall extend to the date that is 5 years and 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act or that is 5 years after the date by which all members have been confirmed by the Senate, whichever is later. (3) A
PPOINTMENT .—The members of the Commission shall be appointed as follows: (A) C
HAIR.—The President shall appoint as the Chair of the Commission an individual with expertise and experience in rulemaking, such as past Administrators of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, past chairmen of the Administrative Conference of the United States, and other individuals with similar expertise and experience in rulemaking affairs and the administration of regulatory reviews. (B) C
ANDIDATE LIST OF MEMBERS .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives, the Minority Leader of the House of Representa-tives, the Majority Leader of the Senate, and the Minority Leader of the Senate shall each present to the President a list of candidates to be members of the Commission. Such can-didates shall be individuals learned in rule-making affairs and, preferably, administra-tion of regulatory reviews. The President shall appoint 2 members of the Commission from each list provided under this subpara-graph, subject to the provisions of subpara-graph (C). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.082 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH74 January 6, 2016 
(C) R ESUBMISSION OF CANDIDATE .—The President may request from the presenter of the list under subparagraph (B) a new list of one or more candidates if the President— (i) determines that any candidate on the list presented pursuant to subparagraph (B) does not meet the qualifications specified in such subparagraph to be a member of the Commission; and (ii) certifies that determination to the con-gressional officials specified in subparagraph (B). (c) P
OWERS AND AUTHORITIES OF THE COM-
MISSION .— (1) M
EETINGS .—The Commission may meet when, where, and as often as the Commission determines appropriate, except that the Commission shall hold public meetings not less than twice each year. All meetings of the Commission shall be open to the public. (2) H
EARINGS .—In addition to meetings held under paragraph (1), the Commission may hold hearings to consider issues of fact or law relevant to the Commission’s work. Any hearing held by the Commission shall be open to the public. (3) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Commis-sion may secure directly from any agency in-formation and documents necessary to en-able the Commission to carry out this Act. Upon request of the Chair of the Commis-sion, the head of that agency shall furnish that information or document to the Com-mission as soon as possible, but not later than two weeks after the date on which the request was made. (4) S
UBPOENAS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission may issue subpoenas requiring the attendance and testimony of witnesses and the produc-tion of any evidence relating to the duties of the Commission. The attendance of wit-nesses and the production of evidence may be required from any place within the United States at any designated place of hearing within the United States. (B) F
AILURE TO OBEY A SUBPOENA .—If a per- son refuses to obey a subpoena issued under subparagraph (A), the Commission may apply to a United States district court for an order requiring that person to appear before the Commission to give testimony, produce evidence, or both, relating to the matter under investigation. The application may be made within the judicial district where the hearing is conducted or where that person is found, resides, or transacts business. Any failure to obey the order of the court may be punished by the court as civil contempt. (C) S
ERVICE OF SUBPOENAS .—The subpoenas of the Commission shall be served in the manner provided for subpoenas issued by a United States district court under the Fed-eral Rules of Civil Procedure for the United States district courts. (D) S
ERVICE OF PROCESS .—All process of any court to which application is made under subparagraph (B) may be served in the judicial district in which the person required to be served resides or may be found. (d) P
AY AND TRAVEL EXPENSES .— (1) P
AY.— (A) M
EMBERS .—Each member, other than the Chair of the Commission, shall be paid at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the minimum annual rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the actual performance of duties vested in the Commis-sion. (B) C
HAIR.—The Chair shall be paid for each day referred to in subparagraph (A) at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the minimum annual rate of basic pay payable for level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code. (2) TRAVEL EXPENSES .—Members shall re-ceive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with sec-tions 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code. (e) D
IRECTOR OF STAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall ap-point a Director. (2) P
AY.—The Director shall be paid at the rate of basic pay payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. (f) S
TAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Director, with the approval of the Com-mission, may appoint, fix the pay of, and ter-minate additional personnel. (2) L
IMITATIONS ON APPOINTMENT .—The Di- rector may make such appointments without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service, and any personnel so appointed may be paid without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of that title relating to classifica-tion and General Schedule pay rates, except that an individual so appointed may not re-ceive pay in excess of the annual rate of basic pay payable for GS–15 of the General Schedule. (3) A
GENCY ASSISTANCE .—Following con-sultation with and upon request of the Chair of the Commission, the head of any agency may detail any of the personnel of that agen-cy to the Commission to assist the Commis-sion in carrying out the duties of the Com-mission under this Act. (4) GAO 
AND OIRA ASSISTANCE .—The Comp-troller General of the United States and the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs shall provide assist-ance, including the detailing of employees, to the Commission in accordance with an agreement entered into with the Commis-sion. (5) A
SSISTANCE FROM OTHER PARTIES .—Con- gress, the States, municipalities, federally recognized Indian tribes, and local govern-ments may provide assistance, including the detailing of employees, to the Commission in accordance with an agreement entered into with the Commission. (g) O
THER AUTHORITY .— (1) E
XPERTS AND CONSULTANTS .—The Com-mission may procure by contract, to the ex-tent funds are available, the temporary or intermittent services of experts or consult-ants pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code. (2) P
ROPERTY .—The Commission may lease space and acquire personal property to the extent funds are available. (h) D
UTIES OF THE COMMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall conduct a review of the Code of Federal Reg-ulations to identify rules and sets of rules that collectively implement a regulatory program that should be repealed to lower the cost of regulation to the economy. The Com-mission shall give priority in the review to rules or sets of rules that are major rules or include major rules, have been in effect more than 15 years, impose paperwork burdens that could be reduced substantially without significantly diminishing regulatory effec-tiveness, impose disproportionately high costs on entities that qualify as small enti-ties within the meaning of section 601(6) of title 5, United States Code, or could be strengthened in their effectiveness while re-ducing regulatory costs. The Commission shall have as a goal of the Commission to achieve a reduction of at least 15 percent in the cumulative costs of Federal regulation with a minimal reduction in the overall ef-fectiveness of such regulation. (2) N
ATURE OF REVIEW .—To identify which rules and sets of rules should be repealed to lower the cost of regulation to the economy, the Commission shall apply the following criteria: (A) Whether the original purpose of the rule or set of rules was achieved, and the rule or set of rules could be repealed without significant recurrence of adverse effects or conduct that the rule or set of rules was in-tended to prevent or reduce. (B) Whether the implementation, compli-ance, administration, enforcement or other costs of the rule or set of rules to the econ-omy are not justified by the benefits to soci-ety within the United States produced by the expenditure of those costs. (C) Whether the rule or set of rules has been rendered unnecessary or obsolete, tak-ing into consideration the length of time since the rule was made and the degree to which technology, economic conditions, market practices, or other relevant factors have changed in the subject area affected by the rule or set of rules. (D) Whether the rule or set of rules is inef-fective at achieving the purposes of the rule or set of rules. (E) Whether the rule or set of rules over-laps, duplicates, or conflicts with other Fed-eral rules, and to the extent feasible, with State and local governmental rules. (F) Whether the rule or set of rules has ex-cessive compliance costs or is otherwise ex-cessively burdensome, as compared to alter-natives that— (i) specify performance objectives rather than conduct or manners of compliance; (ii) establish economic incentives to en-courage desired behavior; (iii) provide information upon which choices can be made by the public; (iv) incorporate other innovative alter-natives rather than agency actions that specify conduct or manners of compliance; or (v) could in other ways substantially lower costs without significantly undermining ef-fectiveness. (G) Whether the rule or set of rules inhib-its innovation in or growth of the United States economy, such as by impeding the in-troduction or use of safer or equally safe technology that is newer or more efficient than technology required by or permissible under the rule or set of rules. (H) Whether or not the rule or set of rules harms competition within the United States economy or the international economic com-petitiveness of enterprises or entities based in the United States. (I) Such other criteria as the Commission devises to identify rules and sets of rules that can be repealed to eliminate or reduce unnecessarily burdensome costs to the United States economy. (3) METHODOLOGY FOR REVIEW .—The Com-mission shall establish a methodology for conducting the review (including an overall review and discrete reviews of portions of the Code of Federal Regulations), identifying rules and sets of rules, and classifying rules under this subsection and publish the terms of the methodology in the Federal Register and on the website of the Commission. The Commission may propose and seek public comment on the methodology before the methodology is established. (4) C
LASSIFICATION OF RULES AND SETS OF  
RULES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—After completion of any review of rules or sets of rules under para-graph (2), the Commission shall classify each rule or set of rules identified in the review to qualify for recommended repeal as either a rule or set of rules— (i) on which immediate action to repeal is recommended; or (ii) that should be eligible for repeal under regulatory cut-go procedures under title II. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.035 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H75 January 6, 2016 
(B) D ECISIONS BY MAJORITY .—Each decision by the Commission to identify a rule or set of rules for classification under this para-graph, and each decision whether to classify the rule or set of rules under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A), shall be made by a sim-ple majority vote of the Commission. No such vote shall take place until after all members of the Commission have been con-firmed by the Senate. (5) I
NITIATION OF REVIEW BY OTHER PER -
SONS.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission may also conduct a review under paragraph (2) of, and, if appropriate, classify under paragraph (4), any rule or set of rules that is submitted for review to the Commission by— (i) the President; (ii) a Member of Congress; (iii) any officer or employee of a Federal, State, local or tribal government, or re-gional governmental body; or (iv) any member of the public. (B) F
ORM OF SUBMISSION .—A submission to the Commission under this paragraph shall— (i) identify the specific rule or set of rules submitted for review; (ii) provide a statement of evidence to demonstrate that the rule or set of rules qualifies to be identified for repeal under the criteria listed in paragraph (2); and (iii) such other information as the sub-mitter believes may be helpful to the Com-mission’s review, including a statement of the submitter’s interest in the matter. (C) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Commission shall make each submission received under this paragraph available on the website of the Commission as soon as possible, but not later than 1 week after the date on which the submission was received. (i) N
OTICES AND REPORTS OF THE COMMIS -
SION.— (1) N
OTICES OF AND REPORTS ON ACTIVI -
TIES.—The Commission shall publish, in the Federal Register and on the website of the Commission— (A) notices in advance of all public meet-ings, hearings, and classifications under sub-section (h) informing the public of the basis, purpose, and procedures for the meeting, hearing, or classification; and (B) reports after the conclusion of any pub-lic meeting, hearing, or classification under subsection (h) summarizing in detail the basis, purpose, and substance of the meeting, hearing, or classification. (2) A
NNUAL REPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Each year, beginning on the date that is one year after the date on which all Commission members have been confirmed by the Senate, the Commission shall submit a report simul-taneously to each House of Congress detail-ing the activities of the Commission for the previous year, and listing all rules and sets of rules classified under subsection (h) dur-ing that year. For each rule or set of rules so listed, the Commission shall— (A) identify the agency that made the rule or set of rules; (B) identify the annual cost of the rule or set of rules to the United States economy and the basis upon which the Commission identified that cost; (C) identify whether the rule or set of rules was classified under clause (i) or clause (ii) of subsection (h)(4)(A); (D) identify the criteria under subsection (h)(2) that caused the classification of the rule or set of rules and the basis upon which the Commission determined that those cri-teria were met; (E) for each rule or set of rules listed under the criteria set forth in subparagraphs (B), (D), (F), (G), or (H) of subsection (h)(2), or other criteria established by the Commission under subparagraph (I) of such subsection under which the Commission evaluated al-ternatives to the rule or set of rules that could lead to lower regulatory costs, identify alternatives to the rule or set of rules that the Commission recommends the agency consider as replacements for the rule or set of rules and the basis on which the Commis-sion rests the recommendations, and, in identifying such alternatives, emphasize al-ternatives that will achieve regulatory effec-tiveness at the lowest cost and with the low-est adverse impacts on jobs; (F) for each rule or set of rules listed under the criteria set forth in subsection (h)(2)(E), the other Federal, State, or local govern-mental rules that the Commission found the rule or set of rules to overlap, duplicate, or conflict with, and the basis for the findings of the Commission; and (G) in the case of each set of rules so listed, analyze whether Congress should also con-sider repeal of the statutory authority im-plemented by the set of rules. (3) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than the date on which the Commission members’ appoint-ments expire, the Commission shall submit a final report simultaneously to each House of Congress summarizing all activities and rec-ommendations of the Commission, including a list of all rules or sets of rules the Commis-sion classified under clause (i) of subsection (h)(4)(A) for immediate action to repeal, a separate list of all rules or sets of rules the Commission classified under clause (ii) of subsection (h)(4)(A) for repeal, and with re-gard to each rule or set of rules listed on ei-ther list, the information described in sub-paragraphs (A) through (F) of subsection (h)(2). This report may be included in the final annual report of the Commission under paragraph (2) and may include the Commis-sion’s recommendation whether the Commis-sion should be reauthorized by Congress. (j) R
EPEAL OF REGULATIONS ; C ONGRES -
SIONAL CONSIDERATION OF COMMISSION RE-
PORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2)— (A) the head of each agency with authority to repeal a rule or set of rules classified by the Commission under subsection (h)(4)(A)(i) for immediate action to repeal and newly listed as such in an annual or final report of the Commission under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (i) shall repeal the rule or set of rules as recommended by the Commission within 60 days after the enactment of a joint resolution under paragraph (2) for approval of the recommendations of the Commission in the report; and (B) the head of each agency with authority to repeal a rule or set of rules classified by the Commission under subsection (h)(4)(A)(ii) for repeal and newly listed as such in an annual or final report of the Com-mission under paragraph (2) or (3) of sub-section (i) shall repeal the rule or set of rules as recommended by the Commission pursu-ant to section 201, following the enactment of a joint resolution under paragraph (2) for approval of the recommendations of the Commission in the report. (2) C
ONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—No head of an agency de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be required by this Act to carry out a repeal listed by the Commission in a report transmitted to Con-gress under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (i) until a joint resolution is enacted, in ac-cordance with the provisions of subpara-graph (B), approving such recommendations of the Commission for repeal. (B) T
ERMS OF THE RESOLUTION .—For pur- poses of paragraph (A), the term ‘‘joint reso-lution’’ means only a joint resolution which is introduced after the date on which the Commission transmits to the Congress under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (i) the re-port containing the recommendations to which the resolution pertains, and— (i) which does not have a preamble; (ii) the matter after the resolving clause of which is only as follows: ‘‘That Congress ap-proves the recommendations for repeal of the Retrospective Regulatory Review Commis-sion as submitted by the Commission on llll’’, the blank space being filled in with the appropriate date; and (iii) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘Ap-proving recommendations for repeal of the Retrospective Regulatory Review Commis-sion.’’. (3) REISSUANCE OF RULES .— (A) N
O SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR RULE TO BE  
REISSUED .—A rule that is repealed under paragraph (1) or section 201 may not be re-issued in substantially the same form, and a new rule that is substantially the same as such a rule may not be issued, unless the re-issued or new rule is specifically authorized by a law enacted after the date of the joint resolution approving the Commission’s rec-ommendation to repeal the original rule. (B) A
GENCY TO ENSURE AVOIDANCE OF SIMI -
LAR DEFECTS .—An agency, in making any new rule to implement statutory authority previously implemented by a rule repealed under paragraph (1) or section 201, shall en-sure that the new rule does not result in the same adverse effects of the repealed rule that caused the Commission to recommend to Congress the latter’s repeal and will not result in new adverse effects of the kind de-scribed in the criteria specified in or under subsection (h). (k) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to the Commission to carry out this Act, not to exceed $30,000,000. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—Any sums appropriated under the authorization contained in this section shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until the earlier of the date that such sums are expended or the date of the termination of the Commission. (l) W
EBSITE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall es-tablish a public website that— (A) uses current information technology to make records available on the website; (B) provides information in a standard data format; and (C) receives and publishes public com-ments. (2) P
UBLISHING OF INFORMATION .—Any infor-mation required to be made available on the website established pursuant to this Act shall be published in a timely manner and shall be accessible by the public on the website at no cost. (3) R
ECORD OF PUBLIC MEETINGS AND HEAR -
INGS.—All records of public meetings and hearings shall be published on the website as soon as possible, but not later than 1 week after the date on which such public meeting or hearing occurred. (4) P
UBLIC COMMENTS .—The Commission shall publish on the website all public com-ments and submissions. (5) N
OTICES .—The Commission shall pub-lish on the website notices of all public meetings and hearings at least one week be-fore the date on which such public meeting or hearing occurs. (m) A
PPLICABILITY OF THE FEDERAL ADVI-
SORY COMMITTEE ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this Act, the Commission shall be subject to the provisions of the Federal Advi-sory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (2) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE MANAGEMENT OFFI -
CER.—The Commission shall not be subject to the control of any Advisory Committee Management Officer designated under sec-tion 8(b)(1) of the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.035 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH76 January 6, 2016 
(3) S UBCOMMITTEE .—Any subcommittee of the Commission shall be treated as the Com-mission for purposes of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (4) C
HARTER .—The enactment of the SCRUB Act of 2015 shall be considered to meet the requirements of the Commission under section 9(c) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). TITLE II—REGULATORY CUT-GO 
SEC. 201. CUT-GO PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-tion 101(j)(2)(A) or section 202, an agency, when the agency makes a new rule, shall re-peal rules or sets of rules of that agency classified by the Commission under section 101(h)(4)(A)(ii), such that the annual costs of the new rule to the United States economy is offset by such repeals, in an amount equal to or greater than the cost of the new rule, based on the regulatory cost reductions of repeal identified by the Commission. (b) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURE .—An agency may, alternatively, repeal rules or sets of rules of that agency classified by the Com-mission under section 101(h)(4)(A)(ii) prior to the time specified in subsection (a). If the agency so repeals such a rule or set of rules and thereby reduces the annual, inflation-ad-justed cost of the rule or set of rules to the United States economy, the agency may thereafter apply the reduction in regulatory costs, based on the regulatory cost reduc-tions of repeal identified by the Commission, to meet, in whole or in part, the regulatory cost reduction required under subsection (a) of this section to be made at the time the agency promulgates a new rule. (c) A
CHIEVEMENT OF FULLNETCOSTREDUC -
TIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the provisions of paragraph (2), an agency may offset the costs of a new rule or set of rules by repeal-ing a rule or set of rules listed by the Com-mission under section 101(h)(4)(A)(ii) that implement the same statutory authority as the new rule or set of rules. (2) L
IMITATION .—When using the authority provided in paragraph (1), the agency must achieve a net reduction in costs imposed by the agency’s body of rules (including the new rule or set of rules) that is equal to or great-er than the cost of the new rule or set of rules to be promulgated, including, whenever necessary, by repealing additional rules of the agency listed by the Commission under section 101(h)(4)(A)(ii). 
SEC. 202. APPLICABILITY. 
An agency shall no longer be subject to the requirements of sections 201 and 203 begin-ning on the date that there is no rule or set of rules of the agency classified by the Com-mission under section 101(h)(4)(A)(ii) that has not been repealed such that all regu-latory cost reductions identified by the Com-mission to be achievable through repeal have been achieved. 
SEC. 203. OIRA CERTIFICATION OF COST CAL-CULATIONS. 
The Administrator of the Office of Infor-mation and Regulatory Affairs of the Office of Management and Budget shall review and certify the accuracy of agency determina-tions of the costs of new rules under section 201. The certification shall be included in the administrative record of the relevant rule-making by the agency promulgating the rule, and the Administrator shall transmit a copy of the certification to Congress when it transmits the certification to the agency. TITLE III—RETROSPECTIVE REVIEW OF NEW RULES 
SEC. 301. PLAN FOR FUTURE REVIEW. 
When an agency makes a rule, the agency shall include in the final issuance of such rule a plan for the review of such rule by not later than 10 years after the date such rule is made. Such a review, in the case of a major rule, shall be substantially similar to the re-view by the Commission under section 101(h). In the case of a rule other than a major rule, the agency’s plan for review shall include other procedures and standards to enable the agency to determine whether to repeal or amend the rule to eliminate unnecessary regulatory costs to the economy. Whenever feasible, the agency shall include a proposed plan for review of a proposed rule in its no-tice of proposed rulemaking and shall re-ceive public comment on the plan. TITLE IV—JUDICIAL REVIEW SEC. 401. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) I MMEDIATE REPEALS .—Agency compli-ance with section 101(j) of this Act shall be subject to judicial review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. (b) C
UT-GOPROCEDURES .—Agency compli-ance with title II of this Act shall be subject to judicial review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. (c) P
LANS FOR FUTURE REVIEW .—Agency compliance with section 301 shall be subject to judicial review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 501. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (2) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Retrospective Regulatory Review Commission established under section 101. (3) M
AJOR RULE .—The term ‘‘major rule’’ means any rule that the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs determines is likely to impose— (A) an annual cost on the economy of $100,000,000 or more, adjusted annually for in-flation; (B) a major increase in costs or prices for consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, local, or tribal government agencies, or geographic regions; (C) significant adverse effects on competi-tion, employment, investment, productivity, innovation, or on the ability of United States-based enterprises to compete with foreign-based enterprises in domestic and ex-port markets; or (D) significant impacts on multiple sectors of the economy. (4) R
ULE.—The term ‘‘rule’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (5) S
ET OF RULES .—The term ‘‘set of rules’’ means a set of rules that collectively imple-ments a regulatory authority of an agency. 
SEC. 502. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114– 388. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . FOXX  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–388. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 10, line 13, insert after ‘‘paperwork burdens’’ the following ‘‘or unfunded man-dates’’. Page 11, line 12, insert after ‘‘enforcement’’ the following: ‘‘, imposition of unfunded mandates,’’. Page 12, line 9, insert after ‘‘ excessive compliance costs’’ the following: ‘‘, imposes unfunded mandates,’’. Page 25, insert after line 4 the following: (n) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘unfunded mandate’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘Federal mandate’’ in section 421(6) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 658(6)). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 580, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from North Carolina. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is relatively simple in that it adds consideration of unfunded man-dates to the Commission’s review of ex-isting rules. Each year, Washington imposes thou-sands of rules and regulations. Rather than following the rules themselves and asking for funds for new programs, regulators pass the cost along to others by requiring the private sector, as well as State and local governments, to pay for new Federal initiatives through compliance costs. b1900 These costly mandates make it hard-er for companies to hire and for cash- strapped States, counties, and cities to keep streets safe and parks clean. My amendment asks the commission to consider in its review whether un-funded mandates imposed in existing regulations are economically defen-sible and the least burdensome policy option available. Federal agencies often advance Fed-eral Government initiatives without using Federal taxpayer dollars by im-posing regulations on local govern-ments or the private sector. This sim-ple amendment ensures that costs passed to State and local governments or to the private sector are both nec-essary and minimal. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Maryland is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This amendment does nothing to ad-dress the fundamental flaws in the un-derlying legislation. This amendment would simply add unfunded mandates as another basis for the commission to prioritize the review of certain rules. The underlying legislation contains no exceptions for rules, no matter how im-portant. The commission the bill creates could recommend the repeal of rules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.035 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H77 January 6, 2016 
such as the ones the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives fi-nalized this week that strengthen background check requirements for buying firearms. Such important pub-lic safety rules could be jeopardized by this bill. I oppose the underlying bill, and I op-pose this amendment, which does not improve the bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I yield 90 seconds to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ). Mr. MESSER. I thank the gentle-woman for yielding and for offering this important amendment. Mr. Chairman, this amendment will ensure that costly, unfunded mandates are given full consideration by the commission established by this under-lying bill. Over the past 10 years, unelected bu-reaucrats in Washington have issued over 36,000 new regulations. Think about that. Over the past 10 years, unelected bureaucrats have issued over 36,000 new regulations. That is a lot. Each of these shift the costs and bur-dens of this administration’s Big Gov-ernment agenda onto the backs of ev-eryday working people, small busi-nesses, and local governments. These unfunded mandates cost jobs, hurt working Americans, and place ankle weights on the U.S. economy. It is past time to slow down this runaway train. I urge my colleagues to support the Foxx amendment and the under-lying bill. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, in re-sponse to my colleague from Maryland, let me say that unfunded mandates take many forms that may not be in-cluded when regulatory costs are counted. That is why strong, bipartisan majorities in the House and Senate passed the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act in 1995. Similarly, my amendment ensures that costs passed from Federal agen-cies to State and local governments and private businesses are properly counted and considered. If mandates under review are economically defen-sible and represent the best policy op-tion available, then the commission will not recommend they be repealed. The issue of unfunded mandates is frequently overlooked in the debates about reforming our regulatory system and carrying out Federal policies. It is all too easy for Washington bureau-crats to write off concerns expressed by a handful of local governments or of a small subset of private businesses, but these decisions have real costs and real effects on the individuals, families, and communities we each represent. While my amendment is a small change, it ensures that costs passed down to businesses and to State and local governments are truly the best means to achieve desired policy ends; so I thank my colleagues for their con-sideration and ask for their support. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SCHWEIKERT  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–388. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 13, insert after line 12 the following: (I) Whether or not the rule or set of rules limits or prevents an agency from applying new or emerging technologies to improve ef-ficiency and effectiveness of government. Page 13, line 13, strike ‘‘(I)’’ and insert ‘‘(J)’’. Page 17, line 24, strike ‘‘(G), or (H)’’ and in-sert ‘‘(G), (H), or (I)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 580, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, this is one of those occasions in which we walk up to the mike, and we always say it is a simple amendment. This one really is a simple amendment. Many of us here, particularly myself, have a fix-ation on information and technology as a dramatically more efficient, safe, and healthy way to regulate. So, if you are going to have a commission looking at agencies, looking at the levels of regu-lations, looking at the mechanics out there, can it also take a look and make sure it has adopted the most tech-nically appropriate and efficient tech-nology for that regulation? A couple of years ago, when sitting on the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, a division of the EPA and these businesses came in, and they brought in stacks of paper that they had to fill out and fax in. Okay. It is absurd in today’s world, but that is the way the regs they were up against were written. If you are going to have a commission looking at what is wrong out there, at what can be made more efficient, and at what is inappropri-ately burdensome, let’s also take a look and ask: What can actually be made less burdensome through the use of technology? Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to this amend-ment. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, this amendment establishes addi-tional criteria for the commission’s one-sided review of all Federal regula-tions, authorizing it to identify rules for repeal that may limit or prohibit agencies from adopting technology to improve efficiency and effectiveness in order to lower regulatory costs. Although this criteria, itself, may be unobjectionable on its face, it does nothing to change the commission’s cost-only, deregulatory, and dangerous mandate under title I of H.R. 1155. Fur-thermore, rather than allowing agen-cies to modify or improve existing rules to accommodate for techno-logical changes, this amendment would only create a basis for eliminating rules. For instance, this amendment would authorize the commission to identify for elimination a rule protecting work-ers against discrimination, regardless of the rule’s benefits, if the costs asso-ciated with the rule could be mitigated by adopting new technologies to im-prove efficiency. In other words, no matter how important and beneficial a rule prohibiting discrimination may be, it could be eliminated if the com-mission determines that it somehow encumbers agency efficiency. That is laughable. As the administration notes in its Statement of Administration Policy, which threatens to veto this bill should it reach the President’s desk, this bill lacks any ‘‘mechanism for making thoughtful and modest modifications to rules to improve their implementa-tion and enforcement,’’ which is often the best course of action before we scuttle a rule or as we try to make the regulation work. Accordingly, I must oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, may I quickly inquire as to the time remaining. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Ari-zona has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, let’s try something that is, actually, fairly novel around here because, in this particular case, this is just a few words. Let’s actually read it: ‘‘Whether or not the rule or set of rules limits or prevents an agency from applying new or emerging technologies to improve efficiency and effectiveness of govern-ment.’’ Oh, come on. How do you oppose that? I understand you may not like the bill, itself, but as an amendment, if we are really trying to push our gov-ernment into this century of utiliza-tion of information and technology, you would at least like this amend-ment. Look, this is simple. This is actually something we should be weaving in and out of what we do here in order to try to drive the use of technology and in-formation to make us more efficient and more respectful of our taxpayers. As to the quality of information, how do you even know that the way a regu-lation is being done is actually being done in the most efficient, techno-logically sound, and rational way? I be-lieve the simple language here helps drive the commission to actually re-flect that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.087 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH78 January 6, 2016 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–388. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 13, insert after line 12 the following: (I) Whether the rule or set of rules harms wage growth, including wage growth for min-imum wage and part-time workers. Page 13, line 13, strike ‘‘(I)’’ and insert ‘‘(J)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 580, the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment that will give us greater insight into the impact of Federal regulations on the wages of American workers. We already know from countless studies that the accumulation of regu-lations increases the cost of goods, which reduces the buying power of fam-ilies and individuals to purchase the items they need and want. An area that we need to study more, though, is what impact regulations have on the wages of most Americans. Given the negative impacts of regulations on prices, it is reasonable to conclude that regula-tions could be a major contributing factor to flattening wages, especially— and I say this clearly—for lower in-come individuals. According to the U.S. Census, the median wage in the U.S. is the same today as it was in 2007. That is 8 years of no income gain for families and workers in Michigan and across the country. The University of California’s economists have also found that, since 2009, the average income of the top 1 percent grew by 11.2 percent in real terms while the bottom 99 percent saw their incomes decrease by 0.4 percent. During that same time, there have been over $100 billion in new regulatory costs, according to the Mercatus Cen-ter. Many employers I speak to would rather hire more workers or give their current staffs a raise. Instead, they are forced to spend limited resources on making sense of the thousands of pages of new regulations that are coming out of Washington. Employers are spending more on compliance than ever before, leaving little left in their budgets to increase the take-home pay of employ-ees. Some of my colleagues here in Con-gress believe that more bureaucratic red tape and mandates from the Fed-eral Government will actually increase wages and reduce inequality. While these regulations may sound good in theory—some of them—the hard truth is that, over time, they limit economic growth and career advancement oppor-tunities. Most alarming is that these negative economic impacts affect lower wage workers the very most—immo-bilizing them from finding work, from rising in their careers, and from in-creasing their wages. b1915 Fortunately, the SCRUB Act is an in-novative approach; and I commend its sponsor, Representative JASON SMITH, for his work. My amendment, Mr. Chairman, will enhance this important bill by in-structing the commission to review the impact of regulation on wages as part of their retrospective review. I encourage all my colleagues to sup-port my amendment and the bill so we can unleash individuals and industry from regulatory burdens and create an environment where wages and economy can grow for everyone. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise today to point out some se-rious concerns about the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michi-gan, which would direct the commis-sion to examine the role that regula-tions have on wage stagnation and in-come inequality by examining the neg-ative impact regulations have on wages. It is my belief that this amendment is based on the false premise that all regulations have some negative impact on workers and their wages. It should be clear that this one-sentence amend-ment does not encompass the full story about the critical impact that work-place regulations can have on improv-ing the health, safety, and income of workers. For example, the rules and regula-tions that have been offered and put into effect by the Department of Labor under this administration have im-proved worker safety, increased work-place opportunity, and increased wages. The benefits are indisputable and far outweigh the costs. For exam-ple, the home care workers rule would extend overtime and minimum wage protection to 2 million home care workers. The proposed overtime rule would extend overtime pay protections for more than 5 million American workers who currently would be put-ting in dozens of overtime hours for no extra pay at all. Now, Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to note that the description of this amendment shows an apparent concern for the problems that working families face, and the gentleman from Michigan has talked very extensively about it: wage stagnation and income inequal-ity. If that is what we are going to ad-dress, there are ways of addressing it. For example, we could bring to the floor for a vote the Raise the Wage Act, which would increase the minimum wage to $12 an hour by 2020 and would give over 30 million Americans a raise. We could support the Department of Labor’s proposed rule that increases the overtime salary threshold, which would update the overtime rule to en-sure that 5 million more Americans would be eligible to earn overtime for hours worked over 40 hours a week. Since the 1970s, worker output has in-creased by 74 percent, while the hourly compensation of the typical worker has only increased 9 percent. Workers sim-ply aren’t receiving a fair share of the wealth they create, and the overtime rule would help address this disparity. We could cosponsor the WAGE Act that would protect hardworking Amer-icans’ fundamental right to join to-gether and bargain for better wages. To date, 67 House Democrats support the Workplace Action for a Growing Econ-omy, the WAGE Act, legislation that would strengthen protections for work-ers who want to raise wages and im-prove workplace conditions. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support these alternatives, but to oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the concerns expressed by the ranking member of the House Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee, my friend from Virginia. I appreciate the fact he sits in on all of our Work-force Protections Subcommittee hear-ings that I have the privilege of chairing. We have looked at regulatory changes that the gentleman speaks to. He, as well as the rest of my colleagues on that subcommittee, have heard very clear testimony that while they are based on wonderful desires, we all want safe workplaces, we all want people making better pay, having better bene-fits, living wages. Yet, all of those come with costs, and, in fact, basically every one of those regulatory ideas would cost jobs and job security. I have seen that very clearly with several of those in the great State of Michigan as they have been implemented. Mr. Chairman, we should have com-monsense, effective regulations that truly punish bad actors, but regula-tions cannot come at the overwhelming costs we are seeing now with anemic growth and stagnant wages. Sadly, we don’t know how much wages have truly been hit by these regulations, which is why my amendment is needed. I ask for support for this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M OOLENAAR ). It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–388. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.089 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H79 January 6, 2016 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Beginning on page 25, strike line 5, and all that follows through page 27, line 13. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, my amendment would strike title II of H.R. 1155, which would require agencies to undertake a regulatory CutGo process to repeal rules identified by the commission with little to no consideration of the rules’ benefits prior to issuing the new rule. These regulatory CutGo provisions would apply to every new agency rule, no matter how important or pressing, for every regulatory agency. Alarm-ingly, title II would also require agen-cies to undertake a notice and com-ment process for all rules eliminated through CutGo because, as I noted ear-lier, agencies are unable to simply re-scind the rules. Thus, this bill would substantially delay or even prevent new regulations through this burden-some and time-consuming require-ment. As several of my colleagues’ amend-ments demonstrate, the bill’s regu-latory CutGo procedures are unsafe, dangerous, and would tie the hands of agencies responding to public health crises requiring timely regulatory re-sponses. In fact, this bill lacks any mechanism for consideration of public policy and safety, which would leave no option for agencies to issue emergency rules to protect the public and environ-ment from imminent harm. The bill’s proponents claim that title I of H.R. 1155 would allow the commis-sion to consider whether the costs of the bill are not justified by the benefit to society. As Professor Levin testified during the subcommittee’s consider-ation of a previous version of this bill, the catchall language of subsection (h)(2)(I) would allow the commission to recommend the repeal of ‘‘any rule pro-mulgated by any agency if it deems the rule’s requirements to be unnecessarily burdensome.’’ In short, the commission would be completely free to disregard any benefit of the regulation by pro-ceeding under this language or the bill’s other advisory language. Furthermore, H.R. 1155 is silent on what methodology the commission must follow, requiring only that it must have one, which leaves the win-dow wide open for absolutely no consid-eration of the benefits of regulation. While consideration of the cost of regulations is sometimes important, there is overwhelming consensus that the benefits of regulation vastly exceed the costs. In both the Republican and Democratic administrations, the bene-fits of our regulatory system of regu-latory protections have made our coun-try safer, stronger, healthier, and cleaner. The nonpartisan Government Ac-countability Office has observed that these benefits ‘‘include, among other things, ensuring that workplaces, air travel, foods, and drugs are safe; that the Nation’s air, water, and land are not polluted; and that the appropriate amount of taxes is collected.’’ The GAO reported in 2007 that while ‘‘the costs of these regulations are esti-mated to be in the hundreds of billions of dollars, the benefits estimates are even higher.’’ In 2012, the Office of Management and Budget likewise con-cluded that even by conservative esti-mates, the benefits of major regula-tions exceeded the costs on a 2-to-1 basis over the past decade. Between fis-cal years 1999 and 2009, the benefits of regulations produced a net benefit of $73 billion, vastly exceeding the regula-tions’ costs. This evidence overwhelmingly re-futes the bald assertion that regu-latory costs are burdensome, eliminate jobs, or harm our economic competi-tiveness. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, to oppose this misguided bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. Title II of the bill contains one of the bill’s most important innovations, a CutGo process for the repeal of regula-tions Congress approves for repeal. This process is modeled on the CutGo process pioneered in Congress itself to control Federal spending. By allowing regulatory repeals to occur on a CutGo basis, the bill both stabilizes total Fed-eral regulatory costs and avoids forc-ing all repeals to occur immediately. This creates the opportunity for regu-latory agencies applying their exper-tise and working with the entities they regulate to administer a smoother process of regulatory repeal with ample opportunities to prioritize the order of repeals and cooperatively consider any needed replacement regulations. The CutGo process also avoids one of the major flaws of the regulatory lookback process applied under execu-tive order by the Obama administra-tion. Although the process has resulted in some cost reductions under indi-vidual regulations, the net result of the process has been an alarming increase in total costs imposed by all Federal regulations. That is a giant step back-wards, and it is a result the SCRUB Act’s CutGo provisions will emphati-cally prevent. I would like to say for the record, a report by the National Association of Manufacturers states that the total cost of Federal regulation in 2012 was $2.028 trillion. The annual cost burden for an average U.S. firm is $233,000, or 21 percent of the average payroll. With that kind of number, no wonder we have the problems that we have. Listen to this figure: A small manufacturer with fewer than 50 employees will pay an estimated close to $35,000 per em-ployee per year to comply with Federal regulations. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I simply want to say that I concur with the gentleman from Pennsylvania who has studied this and spent a con-siderable amount of time with this. We would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. This amendment removes title II of the bill, which is one of the bill’s truly most important provisions. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. b1930 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . CUMMINGS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–388. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike title IV. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. My amendment, which is cosponsored by the Subcommittee on Government Operations’ Ranking Member G
ERRY  C
ONNOLLY , would strike title IV of this bill. Title IV provides for judicial review of agency compliance with certain re-quirements of the bill, including regu-latory CutGo procedures. The agency rulemaking process al-ready provides interested parties with ample opportunity for participation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.093 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH80 January 6, 2016 
When an industry or special interest does not like the result of the rule-making process, this bill gives them another bite at the apple. Judicial review provides opponents of rules with the opportunity to delay regulations by tying them up in court. No rules would be exempt. Corporate and special interests with deep pockets could use judicial review to delay critical regulations that would protect public health, safety, and the environment. Let me give you an example. In Au-gust of last year, the EPA finalized its Clean Power Plan rules. According to EPA, by 2030, the plan will cut carbon pollution from the power sector by nearly a third, yielding substantial health benefits to Americans. EPA estimates that, because of these regulations, Americans will avoid 90,000 asthma attacks and save 3,600 lives. These important rules were devel-oped with industry and public input. EPA states that it received 4.3 million public comments and held hundreds of meetings with stakeholders. The final rules reflect this vigorous process. However, if the SCRUB Act were en-acted, industry or special interests could use the judicial review provisions to stall important rules like the Clean Power Plan. The judicial review provisions of this bill are yet another attempt by the House Republicans to erect a roadblock for important public health and safety protections. This amendment removes this flawed provision from the underlying bill. I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I re-spectfully rise in opposition to the amendment. The amendment strikes the bill’s title providing for judicial review of agency compliance with requirements for repeal of existing rules and publica-tion of plans for decennial review of newly promulgated rules. These provisions must be retained, not stricken. They are critical to en-sure that recalcitrant agencies abide by Congress’ approvals of rules for re-peal and actually do plan for effective, decennial cost-reduction reviews for newly promulgated regulations. We know that, without provision for judicial review, retrospective review of agency regulations can lead to nothing but increases in the overall cost of reg-ulation. Just look at the results of the Obama administration’s retrospective review under Executive Order 13563, which pre-cluded judicial review. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I again concur with the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ). This amendment strikes the applicability of judicial review of agency compliance with this legislation. That is why I am urging a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. The legislation will begin a much- needed review of our Nation’s regu-latory structure and hopefully identify many outdated regulations. This amendment gets in the way of that. I think it would slow this process down. It gets rid of something that, again, makes it an alteration that I think has been well debated and well discussed. I urge the passage of the overall bill, but I stand in opposition to this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CUMMINGS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–388. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 28, line 22, insert before the period the following: ‘‘, except that the term does not include an independent establishment as defined in section 104 of such title’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. My amendment, cosponsored by Sub-committee on Government Operations’ Ranking Member G
ERRY CONNOLLY , would exempt independent agencies from the requirements of this bill. Independent agencies serve an impor-tant role in protecting the American people from a range of threats, includ-ing the collapse of our financial mar-kets and health and safety risks. Agencies such as the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau, the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, and the Consumer Product Safety Commission are designed to independently regulate the industries they cover. These agencies are not required to obtain approval for their rules from the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, as other executive branch agencies must do. The reason inde-pendent agencies are treated dif-ferently is to protect them from polit-ical interference in their rulemaking. The SCRUB Act would jeopardize the independence of these agencies by sub-jecting their rules to oversight by the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs. Section 203 of the SCRUB Act would require OIRA to review and certify the cost estimate for every new rule pro-mulgated by an independent agency. This bill would also require inde-pendent agencies to comply with the bill’s regulatory CutGo requirements. For example, the Consumer Product Safety Commission has a proposed rule that would establish safety standards for infant high chairs. How would the Commission choose which unsafe prod-uct to stop regulating in order to pro-tect the approximately 10,000 children injured each year by unsafe high chairs? The Commission recently wrote a rule creating the strongest crib safety standards in the developed world. Would they have to repeal that rule? Under our amendment, independent agencies would not have to make this choice. Bank regulators are already subject to the Economic Growth and Regu-latory Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996, which requires them to review all existing banking regulations and ‘‘eliminate unnecessary regulations.’’ The bank regulators are already re-quired by law to remove all outdated, unnecessary, and overly burdensome regulations. They cannot save up out-dated regulations for the purpose of promulgating new rules under the SCRUB Act, like other agencies. This bill would handcuff our bank regulators and make financial crises and the recessions that follow that much more likely. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to keep the independent agencies truly independent. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CHAFFETZ. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, we are not proposing to hurt or kill babies, and we are not proposing to put handcuffs on certain regulators in the financial institutions. What we are asking for is to simply have a bipartisan group of people—bi-partisan—look at regulations that may be outdated and scrub them. I think that is a reasonable expectation. That is not asking too much. It doesn’t mean that every regulation is going to go away. There are some good regulations, but there are a lot of bad ones and there are a lot that are outdated. Things come into this insti-tution, whether they come in through laws or they come from the executive branch. They never go away. A lot of them are unnecessary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.097 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H81 January 6, 2016 
The bill creates a bipartisan, impar-tial commission to conduct a com-prehensive review of the Federal regu-lations system. The commission will identify out-of-date and expensive reg-ulations. Independent agencies function very similarly, if not the same, as executive agencies, and the regulations impose significant costs on the economy. Un-fortunately, independent agencies often impose major regulations with-out reporting any quantitative infor-mation on benefits and costs, which makes it even more important that those regulations be reviewed. Mr. Chairman, there is no need to distinguish independent and executive agencies in requiring the Federal agen-cies to clean up out-of-date and unnec-essary regulations. A regulation identified as unneces-sary remains unnecessary regardless of whether it came from an independent agency or an executive branch agency. It doesn’t matter. It should be reviewed or be eligible to be reviewed. We think that is reasonable, and that is why we would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this par-ticular amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–388. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 29, line 21, insert after ‘‘Code’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘, except for a special rule’’. Page 29, insert after line 24 the following: (6) S
PECIAL RULE .—The term ‘‘special rule’’ means a rule made by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. My amendment to H.R. 1155 would exempt rules and regulations made by the Department of Veterans Affairs from the burdensome provisions of this legislation. The rules that are promulgated by the Department of Veterans Affairs serve the nearly 21.9 million veterans who have served our country, more than 9 million of whom are enrolled in the VA health system. These are the rules that will improve the VA, and these improvements are urgently needed to repair a system that is poorly equipped to handle the increasing numbers of veterans return-ing from overseas. These are the rules that will ensure that those who have served our country have access to crit-ical and quality health care. However, in its current form, the SCRUB Act would delay or even block the implementation of these rules. For example, it would delay rules designed to provide care to the 2.6 million vet-erans who were potentially exposed to Agent Orange during the Vietnam war. To help these veterans, the VA issued a final interim rule in June of 2015 that would expand the class of veterans pre-sumed to be eligible for treatment. The new regulation would include those who worked with C–123 aircraft known to have been sprayed with this herbi-cide during the war. But under the terms of this legisla-tion, the VA would be required to go through additional hurdles to meet the procedural requirements of this legisla-tion with absolutely no additional ben-efits. If this rule comes with any cost to the economy, the VA must repeal a rule of equal or greater cost. All of this means delays for our veterans who de-serve better. In effect, the SCRUB Act asks the VA to choose between classes of ailing veterans. It would delay treatment and create a zero-sum game in which our veterans ultimately lose. This is com-pletely wrong. It would delay essential reforms to improve the system, address existing flaws, and better serve our veterans. b1945 The problems that have plagued the system have been well-documented both in congressional hearings and in the press. Since the year 2000, at least 22 gov-ernment reports have looked into pa-tient wait times at VA facilities. One of these reports found that more than 57,000 of our veterans have waited longer than 90 days for health care. The audit found that staff were in-structed to misrepresent data in 76 per-cent of VA facilities. The VA is in need of immediate at-tention and reform, and we are doing a disservice to our veterans by delaying these reforms and the rules that are necessary to accomplish these reforms. The SCRUB Act is based upon the faulty idea that it is more important to cut regulations than it is to move forward to improve care for our vet-erans. While my amendment will not cure all that ails this legislation, it will ad-dress one of the most glaring flaws and preserve the ability of the VA to effec-tively serve our veterans by ensuring that these reforms move forward with-out delay. So I ask my colleagues to support my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, this amendment indicates a fundamental misunderstanding of the purpose and the function of the bill. The SCRUB Act merely clears the underbrush of outdated and unnecessary regulations. There is no reason to exclude any specific agency from retrospective re-view. A regulation identified as unnec-essary remains unnecessary, regardless of its subject matter or agency that originally issued it. I am sure that there are regulations that were issued in the 1920s, 1930s, or 1940s—pick your decade—that were well-intended, but the world has changed, and I think it is time that we actually go and review this. In the case of this amendment, it could disadvantage veterans who are likely to bear the burden of unneces-sary regulations. So with all the laws and all the regulations, guess what. The Veterans Administration isn’t get-ting it done. So let’s clear the underbrush of regu-lations. Let’s work in a bipartisan way to fix the Veterans Administration. But it is not unreasonable to ask for a bipartisan group of people to go in and look at this and study this and make these types of recommendations. I think that is reasonable, it is balanced, and it is not going to harm veterans. In fact, I think it is actually going to help veterans. I think it is going to help an administration and a bureaucracy that is so bloated, once things get in, they never come out. That is what we are trying to change, and that is why I think this amendment is unnecessary and counterproductive, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Just to respond briefly, we have heard a lot about clearing the under-brush and about scrubbing the regula-tions. But the reality is, if this legisla-tion passes, there will be certain impli-cations; and it will, in fact, require the VA, who is in the midst of major re-form, to not move forward on its regu-lations that are intended to improve the lives of our veterans until they find another regulation to repeal that someone has determined is of equal cost. So the reality is that it will delay implementation of these improve-ments. We can describe it as clearing the underbrush and scrubbing, but what it will mean for America’s vet-erans in many instances is that they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.099 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH82 January 6, 2016 
will be denied the quality care that they deserve and that they have earned in the defense of our country. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment that will carve out the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, the agen-cy charged with honoring the service of our veterans, and ensure that the im-provements that are underway and that we are all demanding will not be delayed because of the SCRUB Act. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, there is nothing in the SCRUB Act that is going to slow it down. It is not an ex-cuse for the administration to do what they have been trying to do for the last 7 years and have absolutely, totally failed to do. How many times are we going to get constituents coming into our own of-fices complaining about the VA? I guarantee that if you go across this country and ask the people that work in your offices what are the number one, two, and three complaints and problems that they have, I guarantee you in the top three it is going to be veterans. We are not taking care of the vet-erans that we need to take care of. We are not going to be introducing a bill that is going to harm our ability to fix that problem. But you are naive, at best, if anybody thinks that all the regulations in place right now are just perfect, because that is, in essence, what they are arguing: it is perfect. We don’t need to get rid of anything. We just need more, more, more regula-tions. Take a bipartisan group of people, let them look at it, study it, and spend the time necessary in a bipartisan way. That is reasonable. That is why we should vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 114–388. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 29, line 21, insert after ‘‘Code’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘, except for a special rule’’. Page 29, insert after line 24 the following: (6) S
PECIAL RULE .—The term ‘‘special rule’’ means a rule made by an agency in response to an emergency. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Like the mountain of antiregulation bills we have considered in the past, the SCRUB Act is in no way a serious effort to make targeted improvements to the rulemaking process. Touted by its supporters as a job cre-ation measure, this irresponsible bill takes a sledgehammer approach to re-form. Particularly egregious is this legislation’s complete failure to pro-vide an exemption for emergency situa-tions. My amendment would correct this very serious mistake. In March 2014, the Oso landslide, a horrific natural disaster that took the lives of 43 people in my district, re-quired every available resource to be deployed without delays. And given the many crises the country faced last year alone, from wildfires to terrorist threats, I am alarmed that we are con-sidering a bill today that would get in the way of an agency trying to do its job at critical moments like these. The idea that an agency responding to an emergency would be forced to weigh what existing regulations to get rid of before they can take new action, while lives are at risk, cannot be what this body intends. Bills like this are not jobs packages. They are pandering to a few select cor-porate special interests that put the lives and well-being of every American at risk. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment and to ensure, the next time our country faces an emer-gency, the citizens of this country can rest assured knowing that the Federal agencies they expect to provide serv-ices in times of crises will not have their hands tied by this irresponsible legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I have the greatest respect for our Mem-bers here. But to suggest that what we are doing is throwing a sledgehammer and that it is pandering, come on. This is a serious effort to suggest, in a bi-partisan way, to go back and review things. Now, in the case that was brought up earlier in this debate, there may have been an emergency to deal with some-thing in, say, the State of Washington. And I hope that was dealt with very successfully. But 70 years from now, it is probably not applicable. And I guar-antee you, there are regulations and things that are happening by the tens of thousands, by the way, on a regular basis that are no longer needed. All we are asking for is an oppor-tunity to put together a bipartisan group to go review these. That is what JASON SMITH has been passionate about. That is what he is fighting for. That is what is reasonable. That is why we are here today. But to suggest that it is because of pandering or any other negative word, our heart is sincere in that we actually do think that these regulations cause problems. You have got to have bureaucrats who understand all these regulations. It is not just the taxpayers—who we work for—but it is also the bureaucrats who are supposed to try to sort all of this out and have manual after manual after manual to bind people to the point where they have a difficult time doing their very jobs that they are sup-posed to be doing. So should we review things that were put forward on an emergency basis? Yes. I am not saying that has to be done 3 months afterwards. But we are going to be able to have a long look back, and you shouldn’t exempt out veterans and, in this case, you shouldn’t exempt out somebody who is just trying to go back and look at something that may originally become a very legitimate emergency. Why would we not look at that? It is just this attitude and this ap-proach that says everything is perfect. Essentially, what the Democrats are arguing is that all of the regulations are perfect. No need for any changes. No reason to get rid of anything. What we are saying is, in a bipartisan way, let’s go back, let’s review these, and let’s come up with a way to cut out that underbrush. Let’s try to find the ones that are no longer needed and streamline what we are trying to do in our government. It will be better for the employees. It will be better for the taxpayers. It will be better for America because we will actually understand what the rules and regulations are. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chair, I think that my colleague, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , would agree with my amendment be-cause this bill requires that before agencies can issue a new rule, they get rid of an old one, and there is no excep-tion for emergencies. It seems like a very reasonable approach to make sure that, again, in a time of crisis, agencies are able to respond right away. This is an important amendment. It is a very reasonable amendment. It ad-dresses a serious flaw in the bill. I ask again for my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I would just remind our colleagues that the cutting doesn’t apply until the commission reports back. So until they have had a chance to go in and look and review, then there is an oppor-tunity to cut out this underbrush. And I think I have made my point. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.102 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H83 January 6, 2016 
The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–388. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) to offer an amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 29, line 21, insert after ‘‘Code’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘, except for a special rule’’. Page 29, insert after line 24 the following: (6) S
PECIAL RULE .—The term ‘‘special rule’’ means a rule made by the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I am offering this amendment on behalf of myself and my colleague on the Judiciary Committee, Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON LEE. Let me begin by expressing my ap-preciation to Chairman S
ESSIONS and Ranking Member S
LAUGHTER for their leadership and for making the Jackson Lee amendment in order. Thank you for the opportunity to ex-plain this amendment to H.R. 1155, the Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burdensome Act of 2015, referred to as the SCRUB Act. This amendment would exempt any rule issued by the Department of Homeland Security from the onerous mandates of this legislation. If en-acted, the SCRUB Act would establish a retrospective regulatory review com-mission to identify existing Federal regulations that can be repealed to re-duce unnecessary regulatory costs to the U.S. economy. This bill purports to reduce bureauc-racy by establishing a new regulatory review commission charged with iden-tifying duplicative, redundant, or so- called obsolete regulations to repeal. I am offering this amendment because I am concerned about the procedural process by which the SCRUB Act at-tempts to accomplish this worthy goal and the real and potential dangers this legislation presents to our public health and safety. If passed without this amendment, this legislation could really undermine and jeopardize public health and safe-ty. In particular, this bill undermines the ability of agencies to act in times of imminent need to protect citizens. The SCRUB Act would prohibit any regulatory agency from issuing any new rule or informal statement, includ-ing nonlegislative and procedural rules, even in the case of an emergency or im-minent harm to public health, until the agency first offsets the costs of the new rule or guidance by eliminating an existing rule identified by the commis-sion. This regulatory CutGo process would force agencies to prioritize be-tween existing protections and re-sponding to new threats to the health and well-being of our people and the safety of our homeland. Such a sweeping requirement would endanger the lives of Americans by cre-ating unnecessary delays in the Fed-eral rulemaking process and creating additional burdens and implementation problems that will only divert critical agency resources and diminish agen-cies’ ability to protect and inform the public in times of imminent danger and need. b2000 For instance, if an agency needed to respond to an imminent hazard to the public or environment, it would have to either rescind an existing rule that is identified by the commission’s arbi-trary and cost-centric process or choose not to act. This amendment is a simple solution to that problem, and it will protect the health and well-being of all Americans. It would ensure that the Department of Homeland Security is not unneces-sarily burdened with regulatory man-dates that would jeopardize its ability to carry out its mission to prevent ter-rorism, enhance security, manage our borders, administer immigration laws, secure cyberspace, and ensure disaster resilience. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity is the first line of defense in pro-tecting the Nation and leading recov-ery efforts from all hazards and threats, which includes everything from weapons of mass destruction to natural disasters. You may recall the Nation’s first documented case of Ebola last year in Dallas, Texas. It was an unforeseen and singular event that required DHS to develop new procedures and rules gov-erning travel to the United States by individuals who had recently visited countries suffering through the Ebola outbreak. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity was also recently tasked with ad-justing its efforts to secure the south-ern border when a wave of unaccom-panied minors entered the country without notice. We do not need to be reminded of the heightened state of security that we are now in and the increasing demand upon our government agencies tasked with keeping our borders and citizens safe. The overall mission of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security is too crit-ical and its function so essential that it would be irresponsible to impede the agency in the performance of its du-ties, as this bill would do. Now is not the time to undermine or slow the ability of the Department of Homeland Security to address growing threats and active acts of terrorism. The Department of Homeland Security must remain focused on the crucial mission of securing the homeland. This amendment will help them achieve that goal. I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, the amendment indicates a fundamental, I think, misunderstanding of the purpose and the functionality of the bill. The SCRUB Act is intended to cut out unnecessary regulations. So the first question you really have to ask yourself is, are there unnecessary regu-lations? I would remind Members that on May 26, 2011, the Homeland Security Depart-ment, which really hadn’t been in place for a very long, as it is a new agency, started an initiative to cut out unnec-essary regulations. The President, three times, has asked to cut out unnecessary regulations. So we are formalizing that process a little bit more so that it is true for every de-partment and agency, and we are doing so in a bipartisan way. So what are we afraid of? What are we afraid of? We are trying to say things need to be reviewed, and they need to go look. And if they are perfect—I doubt it. I really doubt it. But they are going to have this opportunity, in a bipartisan way, to allow the commission to go do its work, make recommendations, look at these things that are just there by the tens of thousands. The world has changed. It has dra-matically changed. And we ought to be reviewing this on a regular basis, and that is what the SCRUB Act does. That is why I think, again, creating another carve-out for somebody is un-necessary and counterproductive and ill-advised. That is why I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, that may well be the purpose of this bill, and I don’t think anyone would dis-agree with reviewing regulations and making recommendations. That may be the purpose of the bill, but that is not what the bill does. What the bill does—and we have to understand the implications, and I will repeat it—it prohibits any regulatory agency from issuing any new rule or in-formal statement, including non-legislative and procedure rules, even in the case of an emergency or imminent harm to the public, until the agency first offsets the cost of the new rule or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.105 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH84 January 6, 2016 
guidance by eliminating an existing rule identified by the commission. So it is not that anyone is suggesting everything is perfect and a review isn’t necessary, but it is the procedure that the bill sets forth which will become law that requires agencies to delay doing anything until they find some-thing to undo. In the context of the requirements and the responsibilities of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, this has potentially life-threatening implica-tions. So it is not that anyone is sug-gesting everything is perfect and a re-view isn’t necessary. But the bill does much more than that. It says to agencies like the De-partment of Homeland Security, you may not act, even if it is necessary to protect the public, until you repeal or rescind a corresponding amount of reg-ulation. That is a danger. It is what this bill will do. This amendment relieves that and provides an exemption so that, at least on issues of defending the homeland, we do not delay implementation of the rules. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s passion for this issue. All we are asking for, in a bipartisan way—and I sound like a bro-ken record up here—is to review these regulations, go back over an indefinite amount of time to look way back, back, and go look at what these rules and regulations that have been put out there. Remember, we are supposed to be im-plementing it by law. There are times when regulations and rules—certainly in emergency situations, it has to be dealt with. But they can go back and look at these. It is not going to slow down our dealing with an emergency. What we are going to do, and I think we are going to find, is that it is actu-ally going to clean up the process in the system. It is like—I am trying to think of a good example of this—but they keep throwing things into the garage, and there is so much clutter you can’t even get in the garage. And I just think they are living on a different planet if we think that all these regulations are perfect; nothing needs to be cleared out; we don’t want to take any time; we want just the ad-ministration to do it; we don’t want the other party to be involved. Republicans are suggesting to do this in a bipartisan way. I think that is rea-sonable. I think that is what the Amer-ican people want. But Democrats don’t want us to do that. They don’t want a bipartisan group of people looking at rules and regulations in the executive branch. I don’t think that is fair. I don’t think that is balanced. What we are offering, I think, is an opportunity to do that. They are al-lowed to go through, this commission goes through this process. The depart-ment and agency can identify a list of things that need to be cleaned out of that garage. I think that is a reasonable way to go and why, again, nobody should be ex-cluded. I think it is a healthy part of the process. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . POCAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–388. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 29, line 21, insert after ‘‘Code’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘, except for a special rule’’. Page 29, insert after line 24 the following: (6) S
PECIAL RULE .—The term ‘‘special rule’’ means a rule pertaining to consumer safety made by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, including any rule made under the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. I rise today in support of this amend-ment to protect food safety standards for consumers. In 2010, Congress updated our food safety protections for the 21st century by passing the Food Safety and Mod-ernization Act, greatly expanding these consumer protections through the Food and Drug Administration. Today it is critical that we maintain this progress and protect the imple-mentation of this law from the ob-structionist policies included in the SCRUB Act. It is especially important that we allow the FDA to carry out this effort unimpeded because our food safety standards are facing attacks from many other directions. A recent decision from the World Trade Organization repealed our coun-try-of-origin labeling standards on beef and pork, undermining consumers’ right to know where their groceries are coming from. Meanwhile, the United States is con-sidering entering the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a massive multinational trade agreement that may allow food into our grocery stores and restaurants that may not even meet basic safety standards. The TPP weakens our abil-ity to inspect these dangerous foods be-fore they end up on our dinner plates. We know that seafood imported from countries like Vietnam and Malaysia are often contaminated with dangerous antibiotics and foodborne pathogens. Between 2002 and 2010, 44 percent of catfish and related species from China, Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, and Cambodia tested positive for anti-biotics banned in the United States. Further, in 2013, 100 percent of the Vi-etnamese catfish farms used anti-biotics not approved in the United States. Meanwhile, large amounts of shrimp imported to the United States also con-tain dangerous bacteria. Last year, harmful bacteria were found in 83 per-cent of the shrimp from Bangladesh, 74 percent of the shrimp from India, and 58 percent of the shrimp from Vietnam. For these reasons, the number of dirty seafood shipments from Vietnam and Malaysia rejected by the FDA in-creased 224 percent in the first 2 months of 2015 alone. We must amend this legislation to preserve the FDA’s ability to protect our food. It is not too much to ask that fami-lies are assured basic food safety stand-ards and protections are met. Please support this amendment, which will allow the FDA to continue doing its job by protecting consumers and mak-ing sure our food is safe to eat. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CHAFFETZ. The SCRUB Act is not going to take away the entire FDA. Our food, and the people that work at the FDA, the food safety is an impor-tant part of the function that they hold. But I would appreciate anybody to have us understand—we actually, through the staff, read this report from George Mason University. In February of 2014 they wrote a really good report, ‘‘The Consequences of Regulatory Ac-cumulation and a Proposed Solution.’’ I just want to highlight one of the ex-amples of something that is still on the books. The Food and Drug Administra-tion has been creating rules since its inception in 1906. There is still a regulation on the FDA’s books that governs the width of strings in canned string beans. That is still on the books. You are breaking the law if you go past this regulation. This is the kind of stuff that should be out of there because, you know what, there is some entrepreneur, there is some business that has the liability now hanging over their head. In 1906, somehow, somebody thought that was a good rule, but it is not anymore. It is unnecessary. It is burdensome. It is still on the books. Let’s have a bipartisan group of peo-ple look at this and go find the width of string beans and get rid of that regu-lation. What is wrong with that? That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.107 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H85 January 6, 2016 
is what the SCRUB Act does. That is what J
ASON SMITH is talking about. There are other examples. It was just, I believe, according to The Wall Street Journal, the EPA had sac-charine, was treated as a dangerous chemical. But the FDA said it was safe for people to consume. And it wasn’t until just last month that the EPA said: All right, it is not a dangerous, hazardous chemical. And the FDA pre-vailed. But there are conflicts. Again, a commission looking at this, with professionals, staff, people who are looking at these types of things are going to go find these regulations and try to go weed them out. It will streamline what we are doing. It is good for the economy. It is good for the country. It makes common sense, and we are trying to do so in a bipartisan way. So the FDA, they do good work. But we are talking about a lot of other reg-ulations and rules that were put forth that are no longer necessary and need to be eliminated. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, first let me say I am not going to impugn any-one’s motives why it was introduced. My problems are with the implementa-tion of the law. If you would like to, with my office, sign a letter to repeal the 1906 string bean width regulation, I am with you. We can do that, and that is a common-sense way to get things done. You mentioned things from the twenties and thirties and forties that might be there. But let’s put it another way. You are saying every time a new regulation is necessary, you have to find an old regulation, which is overly simplistic, ultimately impractical and, I think, ultimately dangerous, espe-cially when it comes to issues like food safety and veterans and other areas. So it is the impracticality. You are telling a consumer, if they have old things in their refrigerator that are outdated, when you buy your new milk, you take out your old milk, but you don’t clean out your refrig-erator. That is a ridiculous notion. b2015 Only in Washington would we come up with a law as ridiculous as saying that you take one for one rather than just cleaning out old items. So I just have a problem with the bill itself. I am not impugning anyone’s motives for introducing it. I just think it is a silly way of accomplishing what you want to accomplish. I don’t disagree with the gentleman, and I don’t think many of us disagree that there are regulations that should be gotten rid of. But there is a way to do it that would make sense, that the public would understand, and that wouldn’t be just the brainchild of the Beltway inside Washington which, un-fortunately, is what the SCRUB Act is. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, here is the problem. The Federal bureaucracy continues to grow and expand to the point where we have millions of people who wake up every day. A lot of them are regu-lators. They can’t justify their exist-ence unless they regulate something. There is no incentive to get rid of those regulations. There is every incen-tive to add regulations because that is what they get paid to do. We want to just have a bipartisan group of people who can go and weed out all of this un-necessary underbrush, as I keep calling it, to streamline the system. It should be done by every agency. It is going to take time to go through it. I hope we are saying that we recognize that there is this problem because we can keep coming up with examples and going through and saying, ‘‘Hey, we will pass’’—do you know how expensive it is to introduce and pass a piece of legislation and try to get it over to the Senate? We are trying to create a commission in a bipartisan way to have people dive in and look at these regulations. That is what we are asking for. That is why I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment and a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the underlying bill introduced by Mr. J
ASON SMITH. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 114–388. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Regulatory Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Reg-ulatory Improvement Commission estab-lished under section 3; (2) the term ‘‘commission bill’’ means a bill consisting of the proposed legislative language of the Commission recommended under section 4(h)(2)(C); and (3) the term ‘‘covered regulation’’ means a regulation that has been finalized not later than 10 years before the date on which the Commission is established. SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the legislative branch a commission to be known as the ‘‘Regulatory Improvement Commission’’. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be composed of 9 members, of whom— (A) 1 member shall be appointed by the President, and shall serve as the Chairperson of the Commission; (B) 2 members shall be appointed by the majority leader of the Senate; (C) 2 members shall be appointed by the minority leader of the Senate; (D) 2 members shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; and (E) 2 members shall be appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representa-tives. (2) D
ATE.—The appointment of the mem-bers of the Commission shall be made not later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (3) Q
UALIFICATIONS .— (A) C
HAIR.—The Chair of the Commission shall be an individual with expertise and ex-perience in rulemaking, such as past Admin-istrators of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, past chairmen of the Ad-ministrative Conference of the United States, and other individuals with similar expertise and experience in rulemaking af-fairs and the administration of regulatory reviews. (B) M
EMBERS .—Members appointed to the Commission shall be prominent citizens of the United States with national recognition and a significant depth of experience and re-sponsibilities in matters relating to govern-ment service, regulatory policy, economics, Federal agency management, public admin-istration, and law. (4) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 5 members appointed to the Commission may be from the same political party. (c) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— Members shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. Any vacancy in the Com-mission shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (d) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of the Commission have been appointed, the Commission shall hold its first meeting. (e) M
EETINGS .—The Commission shall meet at the call of the Chairman. (f) O
PEN TO THE PUBLIC .—Each meeting of the Commission shall be open to the public, unless a member objects. (g) Q
UORUM .—Five members of the Com-mission shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hear-ings. (h) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF THE FEDERAL AD-
VISORY COMMITTEE ACT.—The Federal Advi-sory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Commission. 
SEC. 4. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of the Commis-sion is to evaluate and provide recommenda-tions for modification, consolidation, or re-peal of covered regulations with the aim of reducing compliance costs, all while pro-tecting public health and safety, encour-aging growth and innovation, and improving competitiveness. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Commission shall— (1) give priority in its analysis of covered regulations to those that— (A) impose disproportionately high costs on a small entity (as defined in section 601 of title 5, United States Code); (B) impose substantial paperwork burdens; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.109 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH86 January 6, 2016 
(C) could be strengthened in their effec-tiveness while reducing regulatory costs; (2) solicit and review comments from the public on the covered regulations described this section; and (3) develop a set of covered regulations to modify, consolidate, or repeal to be sub-mitted to Congress for an up-or-down vote. (c) P
UBLIC COMMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the initial meeting of the Commission, the Commission shall initiate a process to solicit and collect written rec-ommendations from the general public, in-terested parties, Federal agencies, and other relevant entities regarding which covered regulations should be examined. (2) S
UBMISSION OF PUBLIC COMMENTS .—The Commission shall ensure that the process initiated under paragraph (1) allows for rec-ommendations to be submitted to the Com-mission through the website of the Commis-sion or by mail. (3) L
ENGTH OF PUBLIC COMMENT PERIOD .— The period for the submission of rec-ommendations under this subsection shall end 120 days after the date on which the process is initiated under paragraph (1). (4) P
UBLICATION .—At the end of the period for the submission of recommendations under this subsection, all submitted rec-ommendations shall be published in the Fed-eral Register and on the website of the Com-mission. (d) C
OMMISSION OUTREACH .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During the public com-ment period described in subsection (c), the Commission shall conduct public outreach and convene focus groups to better inform the Commissioners of the public’s interest and possible contributions to the work of the Commission. (2) F
OCUS GROUPS .—The focus groups re-quired under paragraph (1) shall include indi-viduals affiliated with the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs, the Administra-tive Conference of the United States, the of-fices within Federal agencies responsible for small business affairs and regulatory compli-ance, and, at the discretion of the Commis-sion, other relevant stakeholders from with-in or outside the regulatory entities. (e) C
OMMISSION REVIEW OF PUBLIC COM-
MENTS .—Not later than 45 days after the date on which the period for the submission of recommendations ends under subsection (c), the Commission shall convene to review sub-mitted recommendations and to identify covered regulations to modify, consolidate, or eliminate. (f) E
XAMINATION OF REGULATIONS .— (1) P
ROCESS FOR EXAMINATION .—In exam- ining covered regulations under this section, the Commission shall determine the effec-tiveness of individual covered regulations, by using multiple resources, including quan-titative metrics, testimony from industry and agency experts, and research from the staff of the Commission. (2) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Commission convenes under subsection (e), the Commission shall complete a substantial examination of cov-ered regulations. (g) I
NITIAL REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Commission convenes under subsection (e), the Commission shall publish, and make available to the public for comment, a report, which shall include— (A) the findings and conclusions of the Commission for the improvement of covered regulations examined by the Commission; and (B) a list of recommendations for changes to the covered regulations examined by the Commission, which may include rec-ommendations for modification, consolida-tion, or repeal of such covered regulations. (2) REQUIREMENT .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be approved by not fewer than 5 members of the Commission. (3) A
VAILABILITY OF REPORT .—The Commis-sion shall make the report required under paragraph (1) available through the website of the Commission and in printed form. (4) P
UBLIC COMMENT PERIOD .—During the 90-day period beginning on the date on which the report required under paragraph (1) is published, the Commission shall— (A) solicit comments from the public on such report, using the same process estab-lished under subsection (c); and (B) publish any comments received under subparagraph (A) in the Federal Register and the website of the Commission. (5) C
ONSULTATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the report required under paragraph (1) is published, the Com-mission shall complete a consultation with the chairman and ranking member of the committees of jurisdiction in the House of Representatives and Senate regarding the contents of the report. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The consultation re-quired under subparagraph (A) shall pro-vide— (i) the opportunity for the chair and rank-ing member of the committees of jurisdic-tion to provide substantive feedback or rec-ommendations related to the regulatory changes contained in the report required under paragraph (1); and (ii) the opportunity for the chair and rank-ing member of the committees of jurisdic-tion to provide recommendations for alter-native means of achieving a reduction in reg-ulatory costs while maintaining the same level of benefits to society. (h) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the 90-day period de-scribed in subsection (g)(4) ends, the Com-mission shall— (A) review any comments received under subsection (g)(4); (B) incorporate any relevant comments re-ceived under subsection (g)(4) into the report required under subsection (g)(1); and (C) submit the revised report to Congress. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The revised report required to be submitted to Congress under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) the findings and conclusions of the Commission for the improvement of covered regulations examined by the Commission; (B) a list of recommendations for changes to the covered regulations examined by the Commission, which may include rec-ommendations for modification, consolida-tion, or repeal of such covered regulations; and (C) recommended legislative language to implement the recommendations in subpara-graph (B). (i) N
OTICE TO REGULATORY AGENCIES .— (1) E
NACTMENT OF COMMISSION BILL .—If the commission bill is enacted into law before the first date on which Congress adjourns sine die after such bill is introduced, the President shall— (A) not later than 7 days after the date on which the commission bill is enacted into law— (i) provide notice to the affected regu-latory agencies; and (ii) publish notice of enactment in the Fed-eral Register and online; (B) require affected regulatory agencies to implement the commission bill not later than 180 days after the date on which the commission bill is enacted into law. (2) F
AILURE TO ENACT COMMISSION BILL .—If the commission bill is not enacted into law before the first date on which Congress ad-journs sine die after such bill is introduced, the President shall provide notice of such failure to enact the commission bill in the Federal Register. SEC. 5. POWERS OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) H EARINGS .—The Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out this Act. (b) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGEN-
CIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission is au-thorized to secure directly from any execu-tive department, bureau, agency, board, commission, office, independent establish-ment, or instrumentality of the Government, information, suggestions, estimates, and sta-tistics for the purpose of this Act. Each de-partment, bureau, agency, board, commis-sion, office, independent establishment, or instrumentality shall, to the extent author-ized by law, furnish such information, sug-gestions, estimates, and statistics directly to the Commission, upon request made by the chairman, the chairman of any sub-committee created by the Commission, or any member designated by a majority of the Commission. (2) R
ECEIPT , HANDLING , STORAGE , AND DIS -
SEMINATION .—Information shall only be re-ceived, handled, stored, and disseminated by members of the Commission and its staff consistent with all applicable statutes, regu-lations, and Executive orders. (c) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other departments and agencies of the Fed-eral Government. (d) G
IFTS.—The Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-ices or property. (e) S
PACE FOR USE OF COMMISSION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall support on a reimbursable basis the operations of the Commission, in-cluding the identification of suitable space to house the Commission. If the Adminis-trator is not able to make such suitable space available within the 60-day period, the Commission shall lease space to the extent that funds are available. 
SEC. 6. COMMISSION PERSONNEL MATTERS. 
(a) C OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .—Each member of the Commission shall be com-pensated at a rate equal to the daily equiva-lent of the annual rate of basic pay pre-scribed for level IV of the Executive Sched-ule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which such member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Com-mission. (b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The members of the Commission shall be allowed travel ex-penses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commis-sion. (c) S
TAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairman of the Com-mission may, without regard to the civil service laws and regulations, appoint and terminate an executive director and such other additional personnel as may be nec-essary to enable the Commission to perform its duties. The employment of an executive director shall be subject to confirmation by the Commission. (2) C
OMPENSATION .—The Chairman of the Commission may fix the compensation of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.043 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H87 January 6, 2016 
executive director and other personnel with-out regard to chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, re-lating to classification of positions and Gen-eral Schedule pay rates, except that the rate of pay for the executive director and other personnel may not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. (3) A
GENCY ASSISTANCE .—Following con-sultation with and upon the request of the Chairman of the Commission, the head of any agency may detail an employee of the agency to the Commission without reim-bursement, and such detail shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege. (4) GAO 
AND OIRA ASSISTANCE .—The Comp-troller General of the United States and the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs shall provide assist-ance, including the detailing of employees, to the Commission in accordance with an agreement entered into with the Commis-sion. (d) P
ROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND  I
NTERMITTENT SERVICES .—The Chairman of the Commission may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for indi-viduals which do not exceed the daily equiva-lent of the annual rate of basic pay pre-scribed for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. (e) C
ONTRACTING AUTHORITY .—The Commis-sion may acquire administrative supplies and equipment for Commission use to the ex-tent funds are available. (f) A
DMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT .—Upon the re-quest of the Commission, the Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Com-mission, on a reimbursable basis, the admin-istrative support services necessary for the Commission to carry out its responsibilities under this Act. 
SEC. 7. TERMINATION OF THE COMMISSION. 
The Commission shall terminate 90 days after the date on which the Commission sub-mits its report under section 4. 
SEC. 8. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be nec-essary to the Commission to carry out this Act. (b) A
VAILABILITY .—Any sums appropriated under the authorization contained in this section shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until expended. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 580, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
URPHY ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of the substitute amendment to provide a bipartisan ap-proach to this regulatory reform dis-cussion. As a CPA and a small-business owner myself, I have seen firsthand the bur-den that unnecessary regulations can have on businesses, particularly small businesses. My substitute amendment would es-tablish a regulatory improvement com-mission consisting of experts appointed by the President and congressional leaders of both parties to evaluate and provide recommendations for the modi-fication, consolidation, or repeal of regulations that are unnecessarily bur-densome. The commission would have an aim toward reducing compliance costs, en-couraging growth and innovation, and improving competitiveness, all while protecting public health and safety. After opportunities for input and con-sultation from experts, industry stake-holders, and the general public, the commission would submit a report to Congress containing proposed legisla-tion to implement its adjusted changes. If Congress chooses to act and the President chooses to sign the re-port, agencies would have 180 days to implement. My amendment is based on the Regu-latory Improvement Act of 2015, which I was proud to introduce with the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) along with 14 cosponsors, 7 Democrats and 7 Republicans. Our bipartisan proposal rejects the partisan approach before us today in favor of a true, bipartisan compromise that all Members should be able to get behind. My constituents sent me to Congress with the expectation that I would be willing to work with anyone with a good idea. It shouldn’t matter what party you have behind your name. Traveling up and down my district, I hear the same thing from all of my constituents, whether they are Repub-lican, Democrat, Tea Party alike. They get that there can be a cost to pro-tecting the environment. But in my district on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, they also know that having clean water is probably worth it. They also get that there can be a cost to protecting their workers and workplace safety. But many of them have had the same workers for many, many years, if not decades, and they know that the safety of their employ-ees is also probably worth it. So what frustrates, I think, those constituents the most and those busi-ness owners the most is the unneces-sary red tape and the excessive costs for the hoops that they have to jump through that don’t make the air any cleaner and don’t make the projects any safer. They expect Washington to work to fix that problem. That is why I have offered this amendment today. I know that some on the left are going to say that this goes too far and some on the right think it doesn’t go far enough. But I also know that, in a divided government, the partisan bill before us will do nothing to help re-lieve the regulatory burden on the small businesses in my district and across this country. Riddled with poison pills, the SCRUB Act is a messaging bill, trying to send a message about one side allegedly not caring enough about jobs and the other side doesn’t care enough about clean water or public safety. But that is not the message that the small businesses care about and the small businesses in my district want to hear. They want results. They want so-lutions to this. Their message shouldn’t be that Congress doesn’t care. So while I hoped that we would be able to pick up where we left off on this bill in the last Congress and find some areas where we can come together to solve problems for the American peo-ple, I understand that there are con-cerns with the amendment, and I do in-tend to withdraw it. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I would just like to say how much I appreciate the gentleman from Flor-ida’s bipartisan work on this issue. I look forward to working with the gentleman on this issue as well as other issues of joint concern, like criminal justice reform and the res-toration of the Voting Rights Act. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working together and to working with our friends on the other side of the aisle, getting back to getting things done for the American people. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-sent to withdraw this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
ABIN) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1155) to provide for the establishment of a process for the re-view of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
OBAMACARE (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, the Af-fordable Care Act came with a lot of promises. Remember the President’s words in 2009, ‘‘If you like the plan you have, you can keep it. If you like the doctor you have, you can keep your doctor, too. The only change you’ll see are falling costs as our reforms take hold.’’ This, Mr. Speaker, was false adver-tising. While some may have gained coverage under the ACA, far too many others were harmed by the law. Mil-lions of Americans lost their plans or saw their premiums and out-of-pocket costs skyrocket, like the mom in my district who now has to pay $400 for her daughter’s lifesaving peanut allergy medication when it used to cost her $10. That is not what was promised. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.043 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH88 January 6, 2016 
We need to empower all patients with more choice while also offering solu-tions for the uninsured and those with preexisting conditions. And there is a way. For decades, Republicans have proposed patient-centered, market- based answers to our health insurance challenges. Today’s historic vote, which is a vic-tory over H
ARRY REID’s 5 years of ob-struction, gets us a step closer to real reform. I urge the President to sign to-day’s bill. 
f 
FACES OF ADDICTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ) is recog-nized for half the time remaining be-fore 10 p.m. as the designee of the mi-nority leader. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, this evening I rise as the co-chair of the Bi-partisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic to call upon my col-leagues to refocus our efforts on bring-ing an end to the opioid epidemic that continues to threaten communities all across New Hampshire and across this country. The opioid epidemic has grown to historic proportions. Our medical pro-viders are struggling to keep up with the flow of overdoses entering our clin-ics and to secure treatment for those who need it. Our law enforcement, as first re-sponders, have taken on the burden of responding to more and more poten-tially dangerous situations when a call for help comes in, and these calls are becoming more and more frequent. Statistics now show that more Ameri-cans die from drug overdoses than do in car crashes in this country. In my home State of New Hampshire, the opioid epidemic continues to grow. In 2015 alone, the total number of drug deaths in the Granite State exceeded 400, more than one per day, far sur-passing the current record of fatalities set just last year at 324. There is no doubt that these numbers are staggering. But behind each and every one of these numbers is a daugh-ter or a son, a mother or a father, a community leader or a neighbor whose life was precious and whose death has inflicted terrible pain on loved ones. For every life lost, there are also many more individuals and families whose lives have been forever changed by opioid misuse. We must never forget or overlook what each number rep-resents. As the epidemic has continued to in-filtrate communities across New Hampshire and New England, experts and advocates have risen to challenge opioid abuse in a number of important ways and sometimes from unexpected places. My dear friend Kriss and I have known each other for years now, and she has taken it upon herself to be a champion of this issue. Through her unique position as a premier cos-metologist in the State and the make- up artist of choice for many of the Presidential candidates that pass through New Hampshire during pri-mary season, Kriss has forced a con-versation about the need to end the opioid epidemic onto the national stage. Kriss has emerged as a leader on the issue back home, and she and her hus-band, Mark, continue to display re-markable courage and strength as she shares the story of her stepdaughter, Amber, who is with me here today in this Chamber, who lost her life to a heroin overdose. Kriss’ hope is that her experience might help and enact real change. So with Kriss’ and Mark’s blessing to-night, it is my honor to share Amber’s story with you. As Kriss puts it, Amber was the girl who helped everyone else. But, trag-ically, she could not help herself once she took that first drug at the young age of 15. As Amber’s stepmother, Kriss came into her life when she turned 17. At that point, Amber had already passed through the gateway drugs of over-the- counter Benadryl, marijuana, alcohol, and prescription opiates that were available on the streets. b2030 She suffered from untreated bipolar disorder, but she did not have access to the appropriate medication and, like so many others, was left uncomfortable in her own skin, self-prescribing medica-tion to find relief. In Kriss’ words, Amber was a girl hard to catch. She chose ‘‘life on the run.’’ When she found herself living on the streets, she would help others by giving them the coat off her back, pan-handling to buy food, or helping others as they detoxed from heroin while homeless. By age 20, she took her first hit of heroin and became spellbound by it. It made choices for her. She had the op-portunity to have a loving home, an education, and parents that could sup-port her recovery, but her addiction led her to a life of homelessness on the streets of Manchester, New Hampshire. After four incarcerations in the last 2 years of her life for heroin possession and prostitution, she was a victim of trafficking on the streets of Man-chester to maintain her high. When incarcerated and craving treat-ment, a bed finally became available for Amber at a wonderful treatment center in New Hampshire, but, mean-while, the prison would not let her out. The prison itself offered no recovery. When she was released, the bed was no longer available. Amber even had to lie to the emergency room to get help by saying, ‘‘I want to kill myself.’’ She detoxed in that hospital, but no recovery aftercare was available. Kriss and her husband, Mark, brought Amber home, and on the third night, she fled home leaving them a note that said, ‘‘I have to go back to my people.’’ The last time that Kriss and Mark saw her was Easter Sunday. She was high, vacant, and the drug had con-sumed her soul. Three days later she was found in an alley dead of a heroin overdose. She was 22 years old. Her death would be easy to blame on institutional failure to ensure that those in need can access resources or on a general lack of empathy for indi-viduals crippled by addiction. Kriss and Mark have made a conscious effort to use Amber’s life, her death, and her on-going vibrant spirit to wake up the hearts and minds of those who have the power to change fate. Tonight, I share Amber’s heart- wrenching story in the hopes that we can all recognize opioid abuse is not a disease singular to a certain socio-economic group or race or region. It can take hold of anyone. Amber’s parents have been incredibly brave to share her story and to come to Washington to push for reform. We need to erase the stigma from sub-stance abuse disorder, and we need to be far more honest and productive con-sidering the effect on daughters or sons, mothers or fathers. That is why tonight we called our colleagues together for this Special Order so that we can speak from both sides of the aisle and share the lives of friends and loved ones. It is my inten-tion that by honoring those we have lost and by acknowledging the com-plexities of opioid abuse and the human lives that are behind these fatalities, we can come together to convey the ur-gency behind bringing an end to the opioid epidemic. I yield to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ). Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join bi-partisan Members, Republicans and Democrats from around the country, to talk about heroin use, an increasingly deadly public health crisis. I welcome Kriss and Mark from New Hampshire, who are here today to honor the life of Mark’s daughter. A special thank-you to Congress-woman A
NNKUSTER , my fellow Granite Stater and partner on our Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epi-demic. We formed this task force last year to bring attention to opiate addic-tion and overdose spreading nation-wide. Now over 40 House Members have joined our task force and this cause. We aim to inform not just members of the public, but the Nation about the tragedies and the challenges that face our families, our communities, our States, our loved ones, and our friends. We are here not just to combat this epidemic, but bring solutions not just to this body, but to every area of the Nation. Congresswoman K
USTER and I have held a roundtable with addiction and law enforcement experts in Concord, New Hampshire, our home State. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.113 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H89 January 6, 2016 
held a subsequent policy briefing in Washington, D.C., featuring officials from the Drug Enforcement Agency, Centers for Disease Control, and other Federal agencies. They are providing a fuller picture of the scope of the problem, which in New Hampshire has claimed 400 lives in 2015. To put that figure in perspective, 1 out of every 3,000 people have died of a her-oin overdose just last year. The CDC reports that, nationally, overdose deaths have tripled over the last 10 years. These numbers, unfortunately, are likely to rise. But numbers don’t tell the whole story. To truly illustrate the dangers of heroin use, we need to hear from fa-thers like Doug Griffin of Newton in New Hampshire’s First Congressional District. At a forum yesterday in Man-chester, New Hampshire, where I proudly served as mayor, he told the audience about his daughter Courtney, who fell victim to heroin at just 20 years young. Doug remembers his daughter as an exuberant young girl who had a great sense of humor and a passion for life until a mix of prescription pills, fentanyl, and street heroin ensnared Courtney—like millions of other Amer-icans—in a fatal web of addiction. Be-fore the drugs overcame her, she played music and she loved s’mores. She wanted to be a marine and trained for it. But just 3 years later, Courtney was lost on the streets, in and out of rehab facilities. She no longer had the will to live. Because Courtney’s situation was so dire, be-cause it seemed like they had so few options, Doug said he and his family hid the truth from the outside world. Bravely, Doug is now telling everyone he knows about the warning signs of heroin addiction and deficiencies in our public response. Tonight is about telling the truth in order to build momentum towards bet-ter solutions. It is about putting polit-ical disagreements aside, because the heroin epidemic crosses party lines. It crosses every congressional district in the United States. The truth is addiction strikes every demographic and every geographic re-gion. There are too many stories like Courtney’s. However, we also have a wealth of ideas to combat this problem. Congresswoman K
USTER and I formed the Bipartisan Task Force to gather those stories and ideas and assemble them into effective legislation. We introduced the STOP ABUSE Act as the first order of business to coordi-nate law enforcement and public health agencies at the Federal, State, and local levels. The bill targets high-in-tensity drug trafficking areas for spe-cial attention. Newton, New Hamp-shire, where Doug Griffin’s daughter died of an overdose, lies on such a route just north of the Massachusetts border. The STOP ABUSE Act creates a stronger prescription pill monitoring program. In fact, it was overprescribed legal opiates that hooked Courtney in the first place. Personally, I have in-troduced legislation to increase access to lifesaving overdose medication. The STOP ABUSE Act includes treatment and prevention grants to lo-calities overwhelmed by the scale of addiction, as my colleagues gathered here tonight will continue to tell you. They have their own stories and their own ideas to share. I am grateful for their partnership and leadership as we work together to combat heroin abuse in the United States. Ms. KUSTER. Thank you, Mr. GUINTA . Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL). (Mr. NEAL asked and was given per-mission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. NEAL. First, Mr. Speaker, I want to call attention to the efforts that have been made by Congresswoman K
USTER and Congressman G UINTA . When Congresswoman K
USTER ap-proached me on this issue, I was all too happy to join in. I think that the perse-verance that she has offered in the early days on this is, I think, a chal-lenge for all of us across New England, because what has happened across New England now is gripping in terms of the attention that this issue has drawn. But I want to call attention specifi-cally to a very important case in which there is an individual whom I had a chance to witness his testimony. At the same time, I intend to quote lib-erally from the Springfield Republican, which is the paper of record for western Massachusetts. I want to call attention tonight to a former Ludlow, Massachusetts, police lieutenant, Thomas Foye. Lieutenant Foye had a strong upbringing with sup-portive parents, a college education, a good marriage, three children, and a long career as a lieutenant in the Lud-low Police Department. The 50-year-old was a longtime head of the detective bureau and even served on an FBI task force. He arrested many drug addicts and responded frequently to overdoses. He was at the scene of many drug-related suicides. He warned schoolchildren about the dangers of drugs. He was even an official who had been elected to the Ludlow School Committee. That was, however, until he got ad-dicted to OxyContin pills following shoulder surgery. Two surgeries and more pain medication prescriptions later, Lieutenant Foye found himself admitting that he was addicted. After trying to quit on his own mul-tiple times and suffering sickening withdrawals, he turned to his doctor for help. The same doctor who had originally prescribed him OxyContin now prescribed him more pills to both wean him off the painkillers and to put an end to his sickness. When none of that worked, Foye ad-mits that he broke the law and began to acquire pills illegally, taking them straight from his police department’s own evidence room. When he was ar-rested in his office at the Ludlow Po-lice Department in 2013, he was charged with tampering with substances, two counts of possession of a class B sub-stance—cocaine and OxyContin—and two counts of larceny of a drug. Subse-quently, he was sentenced to 2 years in jail. He said that it was not fear, dread, or panic that he felt when the investiga-tion finally came to a head; rather, he felt relief. He now would be able to get help. He talks about the police officer who stayed with him in the detox facility following his arrest. ‘‘Some day I want to be that guy,’’ he said. ‘‘There needs to be some dignity in drug addiction treatment.’’ Lieutenant Foye was lucky in the sense that he survived his addiction and is telling his story to help others. Those who have not survived, including eight people this weekend in my con-gressional district in a very small geo-graphic area, died from a lethal string of heroin that was identified as the Hollywood brand. The Opioid Overdose Reduction Act of 2015 would exempt from civil liabil-ity emergency administration of opioid overdose-reversing drugs, like naloxone, by people who prescribe or are prescribed them. Senator M
ARKEY  has offered the same legislation down the hallway in the United States Sen-ate. When an opioid overdose occurs, ad-ministration of an opioid-reversal drug is necessary to prevent death, but it must occur within a certain window of time before the chance of survival is lost. This is a time of quick action, not deliberations or a potential lawsuit. Every day, 120 people die as a result of drug overdoses fueled by prescrip-tion painkillers, and another 6,748 are treated in emergency rooms for the misuse or abuse of illegal drugs. Ac-cording to The Washington Post, ‘‘overdosing is now the leading cause of accidental death in the United States, accounting for more deaths than traffic fatalities or gun homicides and sui-cides. Fatal overdoses from opiate medications such as oxycodone, hydrocodone, and methadone have quadrupled since 1999, accounting for an estimated 16,651 deaths in 2010.’’ It is time to bring a face to those af-fected by addiction and stop the epi-demic in communities across this country. I want to close as I started with a note of congratulations to Ms. K
USTER  and to Mr. G
UINTA for calling attention to what is really happening across New England now. We need to be mindful of the lives that are being destroyed and the families that are succumbing to this torture over long, long periods of time trying to treat those who are ad-dicted and to make sure they get ade-quate help. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.114 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH90 January 6, 2016 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ) and the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ) for organizing this Special Order this evening, and also for the participation with the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic; and to also recognize the individuals from New Hampshire, Kriss and Mark, who came down, and for the bravery in sharing the story of Amber and how it is important for all of us to be reflect-ing on this very serious crisis that we have. Many of our communities have been hit hard by the opioid abuse epidemic. Like other regions of the country, this brutal epidemic is affecting western Pennsylvania, destroying lives, break-ing up families, and claiming far too many of our loved ones. Vonda Probst from Friedens, Penn-sylvania, knows firsthand the dev-astating reality of losing a loved one to drugs. Nearly 2 years have passed since Ms. Probst lost her son, Jared Carter, to a heroin overdose. Jared enjoyed motorcycle riding, four-wheeling, fix-ing old cars, and just being outdoors. He would have turned 30 this last sum-mer. b2045 There are far too many stories like Jared’s in Pennsylvania and through-out our Nation, lives full of potential and value that are cut short by drug abuse. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, last year alone there were well over 10,000 heroin overdose deaths. This number reflects a six-fold increase in the number of heroin deaths since 2001. In my State of Pennsylvania alone, drug overdose deaths have increased by 470 percent over the past two decades, and heroin and opioids are increasingly to blame. These drugs have been re-sponsible for the loss of nearly 3,000 lives in our State in just the last 5 years. Parts of the 12th District have been especially hard hit as heroin use is the leading cause of accidental deaths. In fact, in 2012, there were a record 261 drug overdose deaths in Allegheny County, which is more than Allegheny County’s traffic fatalities and homi-cides put together and is 30 percent higher than the State average. In Cambria County, the drug overdose death rate is nearly double the State average. These statistics are horrifying, but behind the numbers are people and tragedy. Every heroin-related death cuts short a valuable human life that should have ended with a much bright-er and a much later chapter. Every American who dies from a drug over-dose is a person who had dignity and potential. Without adequate assist-ance, however, each one did not have hope. It is time to turn a new page in order to proactively defeat this deadly epi-demic with renewed dedication. As a member of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic, I am strongly committed to ending this scourge. We need to find new ways to combat this crisis and to continue learning from our community-based organiza-tions on how they are providing help on the front lines. I have worked with local leaders in my district, such as Reverend Sylvia King, the pastor and founder of Johnstown’s Christ Centered Community Church, which provides drug recovery services and counseling. I have also worked with local law en-forcement and other treatment groups to make sure the necessary resources are available to help those in need. Here in Congress we also need to be looking at legislative responses to help address this issue. In the past, I have supported increased funding for the Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program, which provides re-sources and support for heroin victims through prevention and education pro-grams as well as drug treatment and enforcement. I am also a cosponsor of legislation that has been introduced by Represent-atives S
USAN BROOKS and J OEKEN-
NEDY —the Heroin and Prescription Opioid Abuse Prevention, Education, and Enforcement Act—to reauthorize the Prescription Drug Monitoring Pro-grams that are so critical to local law enforcement efforts, to increase access to the life-saving opioid reversal drug Naloxone, and to raise public provider and patient awareness of opioid drugs and their link to heroin. We must remember heroin’s victims, such as Jared Carter and so many other like him, who have lost their lives. Let’s galvanize the support necessary to stop these tragedies. We must be mindful in that people, as they watch this discussion this evening, may know somebody who is hurting right now, somebody in need. It may be somebody, himself, who is watching. Get help. Reach out. Don’t do this alone. I thank the gentleman from New Hampshire, and I thank the gentle-woman from New Hampshire for orga-nizing this Special Order. I look for-ward to continuing to work back home and here in D.C. to address this crisis. Mr. GUINTA. I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for sharing that heartfelt story as well as the chal-lenges that your community is facing. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ). Mrs. BUSTOS. I thank the gentle-woman from New Hampshire for yield-ing time on this critically important issue. I also thank the gentlewoman and Congressman G
UINTA for pulling this Special Order together and for their hard work on the Bipartisan Task Force to address this heroin epidemic. Mr. Speaker, as the heroin epidemic sweeps the Nation, too many families and communities are mourning the deaths of loved ones who have been lost over the years due to heroin addiction and addiction to painkillers. One of the lives we lost not too long ago was in a town called Rockford, Illinois, which is in the heart of my congressional dis-trict. The gentleman’s name was Chris Boseman. He was 32 years old when he died in the summer of 2014. He was a kind, tender-hearted son and brother. He had a back injury that led to his ad-diction to pain medication. When he could no longer get relief from that pain medication, he began to buy different kinds of pain relief on the street. As the costs would add up, his dealer told him about something called heroin and that he could get this for $10. After his first overdose, Chris tried hard to fight his addiction. He had a couple of relapses, but it appeared that he had been successful in overcoming this addiction. He enrolled at Rock Valley College, a community college, where he studied construction management. He was 1 year away from graduating. No one knew that he was still fighting this battle because he was ashamed of it. One night he was home alone—he was just over 1 year clean—when he re-lapsed again and died. The sad thing is that Chris’ story is all too common. In fact, I lost a mem-ber of my own family to the heroin epi-demic when my brother-in-law’s son died after overdosing on heroin in the summer of 2013. He was not the kind of kid one would think would be taking something like heroin. His dad had no idea. His family had no idea. He was a college football player. He was a musician. He was an avid weight lifter and was just a red- headed kid who was fun to be around. Yet, when he injured his back and his knee and felt that he needed more than just aspirin and a little physical ther-apy to overcome this pain, he got on painkillers. As we are telling these sto-ries this evening, this eventually led to his trying heroin as a way to relieve his pain. It was probably, they thought, the third time that he took heroin. He ingested what would be considered pure heroin, and he died. I am here to say that we can no longer sit on the sidelines while folks in our communities and our family members are suffering and are dying, when parents are burying their chil-dren, and when the men and women who are struggling with this addiction are crying out for help. We also know that heroin use is in-creasing among young people, espe-cially in my home State of Illinois, with a nearly 50 percent increase in the use of heroin just in the last several years. In Winnebago County, which is where Rockford is, which I was talking about earlier, there were 51 heroin-related deaths in 2013 alone. In Peoria, which is also in the heart of my congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.115 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H91 January 6, 2016 
district, emergency responders see at least one heroin overdose every single day. Perhaps the most troubling is not just this rapid increase in the usage or in the rising number of overdoses, but in our inability to treat those who need it the most. While heroin use is in-creasing rapidly in every region of my home State, there has been a dramatic decrease in the availability of treat-ment. In fact, Illinois ranked worst— last in the Nation—in the overall de-cline in treatment capacity. While we are at the height of this heroin epidemic, last year our Gov-ernor proposed a budget that would cut our already inadequate State-funded treatment programs by 60 percent. To make matters worse, the ongoing budget crisis in Illinois has gutted the funding for treatment programs like one in my district of Rockford. It is called Remedies Renewing Lives. That is why next week, when the President gives his State of the Union, my guest will be a guy named Gary Halbach, who is the president of Remedies. It is so he can witness the State of the Union and so he can talk about the important work that he and his col-leagues at Remedies are doing every single day. Under the pressure of tre-mendous budgetary shortfalls, Gary and his team have been on the front lines in providing treatment to heroin addicts and support for victims of do-mestic violence. We will not end the heroin epidemic if the programs that have been proven to help continue to be undermined and significantly underfunded. We cannot turn a blind eye to the families and to the communities that have been af-fected by the heroin epidemic. They de-serve better. They deserve solutions. Ms. KUSTER. For the record, this concept of bringing the faces of addic-tion to the floor of the House was the idea of the gentlewoman from Illinois. I thank her for that. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the opportunity to speak tonight. As I stepped to the podium, I noticed two of the values that America has etched into or has carved into the Speaker’s rostrum, ‘‘liberty’’ and then, to my left, ‘‘peace.’’ They are two values that we hold dear; yet, they are two values that are lost to people when they come under the cruel, cruel domination of heroin and other opiates. So it is good for us to talk about this tonight but, more importantly, for us to do something about it. I thank Congressman G
UINTA , Con-gresswoman K
USTER , and my col-leagues who are participating in this Special Order, which highlights the on-going epidemic of heroin and prescrip-tion drug abuse. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a mem-ber of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic in order to discuss a growing public health cri-sis in the United States and, more per-sonally, to discuss a crisis occurring in my home district, the Michigan Sev-enth. You see, we can talk statistics over and over again, but, really, this is all about lives: friends, family, neighbors, people who are highly respected, and people whom we wouldn’t know. Yet, they are impacted. The tragic stories of prescription drug abuse and fatal overdoses hit close to home in far too many Michigan communities. Through September of this year, Washtenaw County, the home of the University of Michigan, suffered 41 opioid overdose deaths. Local law enforcement officials in Monroe County—the gateway to Michi-gan from Ohio—believe the number of heroin overdose deaths in 2015 will top those in 2014. In Jackson County, which is in the center of the State, the total number of drug overdoses has nearly tripled in the last 5 years. In 2015, 131 overdoses were reported. These are troubling statistics, but, again, they are about lives, people. Be-hind these numbers are real individuals and families who have been affected by this tragic epidemic. On May 17, 2010, Andrew Hirst died of a heroin overdose at the age of 24. For his father, Mike Hirst, a respected bus-inessperson in Jackson, Michigan, this tragic loss has led him to dedicate him-self to stopping heroin overdoses in the Jackson area by sharing the experience of his son’s death and the life of his family. For the past 5 years, Mike has coun-seled addicts, supported families, and mentored at-risk youths away from heroin and opiate drugs through his foundation, Andy’s Angels. In addition, he has led educational efforts to inform people of the link between prescription opioid use and heroin addiction. He has also teamed up with local po-lice agencies to investigate heroin dealers in order to eliminate access points for this deadly drug. In recog-nizing his tireless efforts, the Jackson Citizen Patriot newspaper recently named Mike Hirst their Citizen of the Year. Fortunately, Mike is not alone in this fight. Across Michigan’s Seventh District, communities are ramping up education and prevention efforts as well as enforcement strategies. For ex-ample, Monroe County recently held its third annual Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit. Jackson County held its second drug summit in December, and the County Prosecutor’s Office plans to host a se-ries of additional meetings in 2016. I ap-plaud them for that. Local efforts to raise awareness and to fight this growing epidemic are also underway in Branch, Eaton, Hillsdale, Lenawee, and Washtenaw Counties. Fighting against heroin and opioid abuse will take the work of citizens, treatment providers, law enforcement, and elected officials at every level, in-cluding each of us. In Congress, we must continue to pursue legislative solutions to improve the coordination between Federal agencies and the States and to equip our first responders on the front lines. Just as importantly, Mr. Speaker, we can promote awareness in our commu-nities and support those who have been affected by this crisis. Tonight’s speeches aim to raise the profile of this issue, to increase edu-cation, and to honor people like Mike Hirst who are fighting to save others from the dangers of drug overdoses and to bring liberty and peace back to peo-ple’s lives. Mr. GUINTA. I thank the gentleman from Michigan for outlining, through the lens of liberty and peace, the chal-lenge that Andrew Hirst and his father, Mike, have endured. My heart is with them and with your constituents. I also want to thank you for your hard work on the Bipartisan Task Force. I look forward to your con-tinuing leadership in Michigan and here in Washington, D.C. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire as to the remaining time? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from New Hampshire has 13 minutes remaining. b2100 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman and the gentleman from New Hampshire, our colleagues who have made available this Special Order this evening through the aus-pices of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic. As co-chair of a similar panel, the bi-partisan caucus that addresses the dis-ease of addiction, it is important, I be-lieve, to share information and encour-age response out there from the gen-eral public to drive the policy process here in Washington. According to SAMHSA’s National Survey on Drug Use and Health, the use of heroin has almost tripled in the past 8 years, going from 161,000 in 2007 to some 435,000 in 2014. Much of what is fueling this epidemic has been the pro-liferation of stronger and stronger pre-scription drug painkillers. Many indi-viduals first get addicted to these pre-scription drugs and then turn to heroin as a cheaper alternative. One in 15 people who take prescrip-tion pain relievers for a nonmedical use will try heroin within 10 years. These statistics are sobering and re-quire a degree of response, an ultimate response, with great emergency. I have seen these issues firsthand in my district, and all of my colleagues are acknowledging here that it is be-yond the Northeast. It is penetrating our Nation. While there has been increased con-gressional interest in these crises, not enough is being done to effectively end the epidemic. First, we need to in-crease funding for the Substance Abuse 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.116 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH92 January 6, 2016 
Prevention and Treatment Block Grant. This funding stream represents the cornerstone of our States’ re-sponse, their substance abuse preven-tion, their treatment and recovery sys-tems. Unfortunately, funding has not kept up with inflation over the past decade and adjusted for inflation, so we are ac-tually funding the block grant program at a level that is some 25 percent less than we were in 2006. Contrasted to the stats that I shared on the growth of this epidemic, it is simple. It is im-moral that we are not doing more. In addition, we need to make certain that we are increasing access to effec-tive, evidence-based treatments. One way we could do this is to raise the DATA 2000 caps that limit the number of patients that a doctor can treat with buprenorphine, which is a medication- assisted treatment for opioid abuse. There are many doctors who have months-long, if not years-long, waiting lists of patients seeking help with their addictions, yet they cannot get in the door for treatment due to this arbi-trary cap. I was proud to join with my colleague from upstate New York, Representa-tive H
IGGINS , in introducing the TREAT Act to address the issue of pre-scriber caps, and I hope to continue to work with interested Members on both sides of the aisle to address the issue of access to treatment. Again, I thank my colleagues for bringing attention to this critical epi-demic here this evening. Let’s get the people’s business done. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
IL-
DEE). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her work on this. Tonight, I want to share the story of a young man from my district, James Brendan Bye. His mother, Barbara, a good friend of mine, shared her story with me and asked that I share it to-night with this Congress and with the country. Brendan was born on August 3, 1989, followed by his sister, Megan Eliza-beth. Their father left early on, leaving Barbara as a single working parent. Another sibling, Preston, blessed them in 1999. Brendan was a wonderful kid, a re-spectful young man, an honor student. His love of playing sports was never re-alized because of asthma. In his senior year of high school, things changed. He became paralyzed with fear, couldn’t go to school, dropped out, and spent a year looking for help. He met friends that turned out to be bad influences, made experi-mental choices. His mother was aware of this sudden change and saw the signs of anxiety and depression. Brendan, though, got his GED, start-ed a job at 18, grateful for work in a city with high unemployment. He struggled through his early twenties. His mother did everything in her power to help him. As a single mom, she worked and raised a family of three on one paycheck, often finding herself needing to look for help, includ-ing Medicaid. For Brendan, because his symptoms of mental illness were not so easily rec-ognizable, help was harder to get. He was not properly diagnosed or treated. His treatment plan did not work. It was not successful. As he sunk further into depression, prescription drugs led to illegal drug use. He self-medicated. His mother, Barbara, did not share her home life with others. For her, it was an element of confusion and shame which became the norm. Unfortu-nately, in their community of Grand Blanc, heroin was readily available. Like many other communities, lots of kids from all backgrounds were using and dying from heroin. Brendan first overdosed when he was 24. He was saved by his grandfather, Al, who helped him get into rehab. He was able to get ongoing treatment at Sa-cred Heart in Flint, where he had a great counselor who helped him. Things were looking up. Last year, Barbara was happy. All three of her kids were employed for the first time. Their future looked bright. Heroin, it seemed, was out of Brendan’s life. He started taking medication pre-scribed by a doctor to reverse the ef-fects of heroin, volunteered at a food bank, loved nature, loved his pets, loved his brother and sister. His rela-tionships flourished, especially with his Aunt Amy, Aunt Carla, and his cousins. As Barbara told me, ‘‘he was a beautiful person inside and out.’’ At the end of August this last year, things changed again. He was taken off prescription medication, and a short time later his mother and sister found him collapsed in his bedroom. Brendan, at the age of 26, on September 8 of last year, died. For Brendan, he is now in heaven. His struggles with mental illness and ad-diction are gone. For his family and friends, they continue to grieve. Barbara has become an advocate. She wants to make sure we honor Brendan and his life by making sure that those who need health care can get health care, those who need mental health services can get mental health serv-ices. Her message, and really Brendan’s message, is that we have to do more as a society and as a nation to deal with this incredible problem. It is the way we honor those that we have lost. It is the way we honor Brendan. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent if I could have an extra 5 minutes. I have three more speakers on our side of the aisle and one more Member would like to include Mr. D
AVIS as a speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan). The Chair cannot entertain that request for additional time. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentlewoman from New Hampshire yield for that purpose? Ms. KUSTER. Yes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I be-lieve the Chair can entertain requests for unanimous consent at any time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair cannot entertain a unanimous consent request to extend a Special Order speech. Ms. KUSTER. So as not to lose any of our precious time, I yield to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  D
AVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague. This is a very important issue that is affecting central Illinois that I am blessed enough to represent right here in this great institution. As a Member of Congress, I have wit-nessed firsthand what heroin and opioids can do to communities like my hometown of Taylorville, Illinois. In my hometown of 12,000 people, I never would have thought, growing up in the 1980s, that a drug like heroin would cause such a scourge. As a matter of fact, it is interesting to hear many of my colleagues talk about what is happening in their com-munities. Not too long ago, in that hometown of 12,000 people, our local newspaper had a coroner’s jury report that I believe I remember mentioned four deaths in one coroner’s jury report related to heroin and opioid overdoses. This is something in my community I never thought I would witness, and it is also something in my community that demands action. I am so proud to sponsor the STOP ABUSE Act with my colleagues here tonight. What they are talking about and what everybody who has stood in front of this sign tonight has talked about is the importance of addressing opioid abuse. This bill is something that, because of small towns like my hometown, we are here to address. It has become a Federal issue. I want to end by talking about a friend of mine, a gentleman that I grew up with, his family. He actually used to run our county health department at the time he was arrested for heroin use. Who would have thought that in a town of 12,000 people the director of the county health department would be ad-dicted to heroin? It doesn’t matter what your socio-economic status is, it doesn’t matter what your job is, and it doesn’t matter where you were born or who you were born to; you, too, can become addicted to heroin. That is why we have de-manded action tonight. That is why I am thankful to be here. That is why I am thankful to be able to help each and every one of my colleagues in a bi-partisan way to address this problem. Mr. Speaker, we are going to do some-thing about this issue. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
AP-
TUR). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.118 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H93 January 6, 2016 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman K
USTER for her leader-ship in bringing us together this evening. Congressman G
UINTA has real-ly done the Nation a huge service. I rise tonight to speak for the moth-ers and fathers, brothers and sisters, children and friends who have buried a loved one because of heroin. Nation-wide, there has been a fourfold increase in death from opiates over the last dec-ade, and every year nearly 17,000 people die from prescription opiate overdoses. Over 8,000 die from heroin overdoses, and more than 400,000 seek treatment in emergency rooms. In Ohio alone, heroin kills an average of 23 people every week, more than 1,100 persons per year. Heroin and opiate abuse is not a criminal justice issue alone. This Na-tion must recognize this addiction as the overwhelming, powerful, chemical dependance condition it is. Concur-rently, too, it is often a mental health and medical crisis as well. They tell us the annual financial cost for our society now is over $33 billion a year, and that is based on 1996 figures. The gravest cost is in lives lost and grief felt by those loved ones whom the overdose victims leave behind. I think of the family of my own dis-trict staffer, Theresa Morris, who lost her beloved cousin, Angelique ‘‘Angel’’ Kidd, this past July to heroin. Angel grew up in a working class family, got married young, had two children, and went to work in food service. One night on her way home, she was in a terrible car accident and was given opioid pain medicine to help her with her discom-fort. As she regained strength, she found it difficult to live with chronic pain and turned to other prescription medi-cation and eventually to illegal sub-stances in order to cope. She and her husband eventually divorced, and she became somewhat depressed. As her addiction grew, the price of her prescriptions rose. She turned to the cheaper substitute: heroin. She eventually lost her job due to poor per-formance and began withdrawing and even stealing from her family and got into trouble. It was a horrible descent. She died on Friday, July 24, 2015, this past year of combined drug toxicity. She was 41 years old. She was a moth-er, a daughter, a sister, a niece, a cous-in, and a grandmother. There was no obituary in the paper, no public visita-tion, just a quiet service attended by those who loved her. The sorrow in her family simply can’t be repeated. I know that the time has expired, but we must simply treat the chemical de-pendence that these terrible opioids cause in the American people, and we must call to task pharmaceutical com-panies like Purdue Pharma, Cephalon, Janssen, Endo International, and Actavis, because with over $11 billion of profits from these opioid pills alone, they can surely afford to help the American people. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleagues Congresswoman A
NN KUSTER and Congressman F RANK GUINTA for leading this important Special Order Hour on opioid and heroin abuse and dependence. Today’s theme, ‘‘Faces of Addiction,’’ gives us a unique opportunity to the powerful addict-ing qualities of heroin and opioids, which have serious implications for every family impacted by its abuse. Some of you may have seen the 60 Minutes segment, ‘‘Heroin in the Heartland,’’ which filmed in parts of my district. Let me share the story of Robbie, whose struggle stands out to me. Robbie was prescribed opioids—Oxycodone and Oxycontin, among others—for a chronic pain condition. Although he said he never intended to abuse these medications, Robbie became an addict, taking painkillers for 25 years as his doctors kept prescribing higher and higher doses to manage his pain. Robbie eventually stopped caring about anything except opioids and finding his next dose of medication. His marriage fell apart. He became estranged from friends. He gained 90 pounds and developed diabe-tes, heart disease, and arthritis. He lost his will to live and contemplated sui-cide. Ultimately, it was a pharmacist who put a stop to Robbie’s opioid use by refusing to fill his prescription. This abrupt end to the drugs led Robbie to connect to a new doctor, an addiction spe-cialist. Robbie is not alone in his struggle with opioid dependence and abuse. According to the American Society of Addic-tion Medicine, over 100 Americans died from drug overdose deaths each day in 2013. 46 Americans die each day from prescrip-tion opioid overdoses, which is two deaths per hour or 17,000 deaths annually. In Ohio, according to the Ohio Department of Health, from 2000 to 2012, Ohio’s death rate due to unintentional drug poisonings in-creased 366 percent, and this increase in deaths has been driven largely by prescription drug overdoses. On average, approximately five people die each day in Ohio due to drug overdose. As these statistics illustrate, much work re-mains to be done toward resolving the prob-lems of opioid abuse nationally as well as in my home state. We need an honest effort to integrate pre-vention, treatment, and enforcement. Ohio is adding a weapon to its arsenal in fighting drug abuse by providing doctors and pharmacists with a one-click link to the state opiate tracking system. Ohio will become the first state to integrate its database, the Ohio Automated Rx Report-ing System (OARRS), with electronic medical records already maintained by doctors and pharmacists. This database linkup is one of the latest tools utilized by state officials to combat the epidemic of overdose deaths. The opioid epidemic has been particularly devastating to our fight to end infant mortality in central Ohio. When a pregnant mother abuses drugs, her unborn baby isn’t just an innocent bystander. The drugs can affect that child to the degree that the baby will likely suffer withdraw after birth. As of 2013, about 12 in every 1,000 babies born in Franklin County faced that uphill battle. Those numbers grow year after year and experts say heroin is fueling the increase. That is why at the federal level, I co-spon-sored and voted in favor of the Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015, which was signed into law November 25, 2015. This new law will help prevent and treat ba-bies exposed to opioids in utero. It will also support efforts to collect and dis-seminate strategies and best practices to pre-vent and treat maternal opioid use and abuse. Finding solutions to this epidemic will re-quire all of us to work together at the Federal, State, and local levels. Drug abuse certainly isn’t a partisan issue and many Members of Congress are actively engaged on the matter. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to address this epidemic. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Her-oin Epidemic, I would like to thank our co- chairs for arranging this special order to dis-cuss the faces of heroin and opiate addiction. The faces of heroin and opiate addiction are getting younger. In my home State of Ohio and across the country, we have seen a dra-matic increase in the number of infants born with opiates in their system and needing for Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome, or NAS. Tragically, these children are born addicted to drugs and have no voice or awareness as to why they are suffering. The symptoms of withdrawal begin almost immediately. They may suffer from low birth weight, difficulty feeding or breathing, sei-zures, dehydration, tremors, and excessive or continuous high-pitched crying. Hospital per-sonnel may spend ten hours in a single day to holding and rocking these newborns in an ef-fort to console them, but over 80 percent of children with NAS still require medication to treat their withdrawal. The toll that the heroin epidemic takes on these children can go beyond the terrible physical symptoms and complications, and the effects can be lasting ones. The faces of her-oin addiction are young and they are fighting an incredibly difficult and painful battle without ever choosing to suffer. Through no action of their own, these children are victims of the heroin epidemic. Parents who do not successfully treat their addiction have overdosed and died, leaving these children without their mothers and fa-thers. We must work to ensure that children are not born addicted and not left without a parent. I would encourage all of my colleagues to do as I have, and go out into your commu-nities and meet with your local hospitals, doc-tors, and healthcare professionals to see how they are dealing with the growing number of heroin and opiate addicted newborns. I have held multiple forums to better understand how we can begin to prevent addiction beginning at birth. The faces of the heroin epidemic are not limited in age or gender. We know now that it can be anyone: a child born unknowingly ad-dicted or a parent who does not know where to turn for help. We must remain committed to combating the heroin epidemic and the dev-astating effects it has on these children and families. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman from New Hampshire has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.119 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH94 January 6, 2016 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, do I have any time remaining, as I have two more speakers just for 1 minute each? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. KUSTER. It is regrettable. This is such an important topic for the country. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair could entertain requests for 1- minute speeches at this time. b2115 (By unanimous consent, Mr. C
ICILLINE was allowed to speak out of order.) 
FACES OF ADDICTION  
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, addic-tion has many faces, and one of those is my friend from Rhode Island, Tom Coderre, who was elected to the State senate at the age of 25 and also oversaw 40 employees as the director of a local nonprofit. Already a heavy drinker, Tom soon started using cocaine as a way to cope with the stress of his responsibilities, and when he realized that drugs were taking hold of his life, he tried to quit on his own but was never able to main-tain sobriety for more than a month or two. Eventually, he checked himself into an inpatient treatment at Butler Hos-pital. There he was able to get help and support and to maintain his sobriety and get his life back on track. Today, more than 10 years sober, Tom works as the chief of staff for the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. His victory over addiction is an inspiration for all who are struggling today. It is a reminder for those of us in Congress that we need to do more to provide resources and support for those who need it most. We need a com-prehensive approach from the Federal Government that focuses on ensuring that those struggling with addiction get the support and treatment they need. That is particularly important in the area of opiate and heroin abuse. In 2012, of the 23.1 million Americans who needed treatment for drugs or al-cohol, only 2.5 million received it through a specialty facility. There are millions of Americans who are in need of treatment. We have a re-sponsibility to do all that we can. Her-oin use has grown tremendously over the last decade, particularly in New England. It is an epidemic that cuts across all demographic boundaries— Black and White, rich and poor, young and old—and we need to do something about it. 
f 
REQUEST FOR ONE-MINUTE SPEECH Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to address the House for 1 minute. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Massachusetts? Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, how much time will we have for our Special Order on the Republican side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. Recogni-tion will stop at 10 p.m. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the 1-minute speech then. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objec-tion is heard. Ms. KUSTER. We have taken our 45 minutes, this is the 45th. We just have one 1-minute. This is a very important topic for the country. Mr. STUTZMAN. I understand, but we are already at 9:17, and I have quite a few Members here to talk about the issue we have come to the floor to dis-cuss. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objec-tion is heard. f 
GENERAL LEAVE Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Hampshire? There was no objection. 
f 
GUN CONTROL AND AMERICANS’ SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. S
TUTZMAN ) is recognized until 10 p.m. as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with quite a few Members to address the issue of gun control and Americans’ Second Amendment rights. Mr. Speaker, I have the honor of rep-resenting the Third District of Indiana. In the Hoosier State, we cherish our constitutional right to bear arms. For many years I also had the honor of serving in the Indiana General Assem-bly, where I was proud to coauthor and get signed into law the lifetime con-cealed carry permit so that Hoosiers could protect themselves, their fami-lies, and their homes. Starting in 2013, in response to the push for radical gun control legislation from Senate Democrats, we founded the Republican Study Committee’s Second Amendment Initiative here in Congress, which serves as a platform for House Republicans to share the most important facts about gun con-trol and the Second Amendment. Tonight I will be joined on the House floor by many members of the Second Amendment Initiative and other proud Members who steadfastly defend Amer-icans’ gun rights. Mr. Speaker, we come to the House floor tonight to set the record straight. Yesterday President Obama announced his intentions to unilaterally pursue executive actions on gun control. Like times past, I wholeheartedly op-pose the manner in which the Presi-dent has chosen to pursue changes to current law. In fact, when reports sur-faced this past fall that the President was considering executive actions on guns, I led over 30 of my House col-leagues in sending a letter to the White House requesting information on what exactly he planned to do and why. My colleagues and I had a number of very simple questions. First, if the President is planning on closing the supposed gun show loophole, did the Vice President and his gun control commission recommend this policy for inclusion among the 23 executive ac-tions announced by the White House in January of 2013? If so, why was it ex-cluded from the announcement? Second, is the White House relying on any new data that was not available when those 2013 actions were an-nounced? Third, does the White House have any evidence private sellers’ trans-action volumes and propensity for ille-gal sales are positively correlated? Fourth, does the White House believe this new policy would have prevented any of the recent year’s major shoot-ings? Finally, does the White House expect criminals to voluntarily comply with these new rules? The White House still has not re-sponded to our letter. Tomorrow, the President plans to hold a Q&A town-hall televised on CNN regarding guns in America. Mr. Speaker, I fear after this event, Americans will continue to be left with more questions than answers, like, first and foremost, why does President Obama insist on infringing on Con-gress’ lawmaking authority? The reason we don’t have any an-swers to the questions about this new gun control policy is because it was crafted in back rooms, out of view of the public, instead of in Congress, where we would have held hearings, committees would have reviewed the policy, and our constituents would have had the opportunity to comment on it. Mr. Speaker, in the event Congress would have held a hearing on this issue, we probably would have uncov-ered the glaring reality that there is no gun show loophole. If you were one of the 55,277 federally licensed gun dealers in America in fiscal year 2014, you would have been required, by law, to run background checks on individuals, no matter if you sold a gun at your place of business or at a gun show. Congress would probably also have come across the Department of Jus-tice’s study of inmates from 2001 that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.120 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H95 January 6, 2016 
found that less than 1 percent of in-mates, when interviewed, actually bought their crime gun at a gun show. In contrast to this, almost 40 percent reported acquiring their guns illegally, such as by theft. Members of Congress would have also found interesting a December 10 Fact Checker’s column in The Washington Post which reported as true the fact that none of the past year’s and month’s tragic mass shootings would have been prevented by newly proposed gun laws. Due to the President’s insistence on going it alone and pursuing actions that challenge the Constitution, today we introduced H.R. 4321, the Separation of Powers Restoration and Second Amendment Protection Act. Joined by over 60 colleagues in the House, this bill would render any executive action that violates the Second Amendment or infringes on Congress’ article I re-sponsibilities as having no force or ef-fect, and to prohibit funds for such ac-tions and established standing for Con-gress, State, and local governments, and for aggrieved persons to challenge such actions in District Court. This legislation is the House companion bill to Senator R
ANDPAUL’s bill S. 2434. Mr. Speaker, it is time the White House cut out the distractions. Stop blaming gun owners and start taking threats to Americans’ safety seriously. Instead of continuing to blame Con-gress for not enacting new laws, per-haps the President should look to laws already on the books. Reports suggest that some Federal prosecutors are choosing not to pros-ecute straw purchasers as a matter of policy. These are the individuals that purchase guns and illegally give or sell them to individuals they know could not pass a background check. For ex-ample, in 2012, the U.S. attorney for Chicago announced a transition to fo-cusing on interstate trafficking and other violations instead of these illegal straw purchases. On top of this solution, the President could also look to Congress for ideas. For example, States have been expand-ing concealed carry reciprocity to the point that Federal laws ought to catch up. I have a bill, H.R. 923, the Constitu-tional Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act, which would do just that. Mr. Speaker, in the coming months, I look forward to working with House Republican leadership on bold strate-gies to actually make America safer. At this time, I yield to the distin-guished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. I thank my friend from Indiana for doing so. It has been a pleasure working with him on this and many other issues. I have to tell you, my heart breaks for those families who have been im-pacted by violent crimes. These trage-dies, however, do not give President Obama the authority to circumvent the Constitution. Just yesterday, the President an-nounced unilateral actions to under-mine the Second Amendment without input from Congress, making good on his vow from an October 2015 speech of his willingness to politicize tragedies to advance his gun control agenda. The President needs to enforce the laws currently on the books. Criminals who abuse firearms or obtain them ille-gally should be prosecuted to the full-est extent, and that isn’t always the case currently. I wish President Obama understood what a majority of Americans already know, and especially those of us who have purchased weapons and purchased guns. Those who abuse firearms or ob-tain them illegally should be pros-ecuted. However, purchasing a legal gun is not quick or easy. They also know limiting the rights of law-abiding citizens will not solve this problem. Instead of pursuing his polit-ical agenda, the President should join the bipartisan effort to fix our Nation’s broken mental health system. I am a proud cosponsor of Represent-ative TIMMURPHY ’s Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. This legis-lation would overhaul our Nation’s in-adequate and outdated mental health system so people who need treatment can receive it. Simply throwing more money at this issue without these re-forms is like giving the VA more money without demanding better care for our veterans. According to ABC News, 63 percent of Americans see mass shootings as a re-flection of problems identifying and treating people with mental illness and mental health problems rather than adding more restrictive gun laws. Also, according to The New York Times, not exactly a conservative newspaper, 77 percent of those asked said that they thought that better ac-cess to mental health treatment and screening would reduce gun violence. The American people are correct. These people who have been polled on this are absolutely correct. Responsible gun ownership is not the problem. The House must remain vigilant to protect the American people from an ever-en-croaching Obama administration that is more interested in creating a polit-ical issue than a solution. As a responsible gun owner myself, I am committed to being an advocate for Second Amendment rights, the con-stitutional legislation that will actu-ally help prevent gun violence across America, and those who have been im-pacted by its violence. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ). Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, first and foremost, I want to voice my strongest opposition to the Obama administra-tion’s continued assaults on our Sec-ond Amendment rights. After seeing his gun control agenda fail in the Democrat-controlled Senate, President Obama is once again trying to go around the will of the American people and unilaterally take action through executive fiat. This latest effort to unconstitution-ally restrict one of our most funda-mental rights has nothing to do with safety and security and has everything to do with government control. This is neither what the American people want nor deserve. In fact, the executive action the President announced yesterday would not have prevented the recent trage-dies our Nation has experienced, in-cluding the San Bernardino attack. In-stead, it would trample the rights of law-abiding citizens. It could actually have a chilling effect on people seeking help for mental illness. Nobody wants to see guns in the hands of someone who is dangerous be-cause of mental incapacity, but we really need to look at the consequences of this type of action. It is just com-mon sense. If folks believe that they could potentially lose their rights for simply seeking mental health, it is going to be a deterrent to folks actu-ally seeking that help. Let me give you an example. In our country, we have an absolute tragedy of veteran suicide. If one veteran who returns home from the conflict doesn’t seek help for issues that may have aris-en from that service, then shame on the President for this action. If they are afraid that if they go seek help, that one day they could lose their gun rights the rest of their life, what a de-terrent effect that might have on a population that desperately needs help. b2130 We will never regulate people’s ac-tions by regulating their freedoms. If that were the case, then the streets of Chicago would be some of the safest streets in America, because they have some of our strictest gun control laws. Rather than infringing on our Second Amendment and governing by execu-tive fiat, this administration should work with Congress on commonsense reforms that would actually reduce gun violence, like confronting our mental health crisis and preventing criminals and terrorists from actually entering our country in the first place. Mr. Speaker, like many of my con-stituents back home in North Carolina, I am a responsible, law-abiding gun owner who cherishes our Second Amendment freedom. This right to keep and bear arms is a freedom by which we protect all of our other free-doms as a fundamental first freedom. For that reason, I encourage my col-leagues in the House to stand with me against the President’s proposed execu-tive actions. I want to thank the gentleman from Indiana for organizing this tonight and bringing us together for this very im-portant discussion. Mr. STUTZMAN. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ). Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, the President’s plan to once again bypass Congress and unilaterally implement gun control measures represents yet another, sadly, all too familiar assault 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.122 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH96 January 6, 2016 
on our Constitution. This time, the President is doubling down with a two- for-one special by proposing executive orders which violate our Second Amendment rights, while at the same time abusing the separation of powers written in our Constitution. In the process, the President claims that the overwhelming majority of Americans, including gun owners, support his exec-utive actions. Mr. Speaker, I can assure him that when it comes to the Texans that I rep-resent, the President is dead wrong. This isn’t the first time I have had to fight the President’s radical agenda on gun control—and just like before, I won’t back down. So today, I stand in support and as a cosponsor of the Separation of Powers and Second Amendment Protection Act, a critical bill that we now, unfor-tunately, need to put a stop to any ac-tion by this President to weaken our Second Amendment rights. I refuse to let this President use these unconstitutional executive or-ders as a way to distract the American people from his epic foreign policy fail-ures, to turn our focus away from his failure to keep Americans safe not from the Second Amendment, but from ISIS-inspired terrorists in our own homeland. San Bernardino was not, as the President called it, ‘‘an act of vio-lence.’’ It was terrorism. Mr. STUTZMAN. I yield to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. S
TUTZMAN , for putting this important Special Order together. Yesterday, President Obama moved unilaterally, via executive order, in a misguided attempt to curb gun vio-lence in America. He stated he had to take unilateral action because the Con-gress refused to support his initiatives. That is true, somewhat, but not be-cause this Nation wishes to curb gun violence that has fallen upon innocent victims of America—victims like Kath-ryn Stienle. This young lady was murdered in San Francisco by a person here illegally—a person that had been deported over four times and should have been de-ported once again, but instead was al-lowed to stay in this country illegally because of this President’s policies and the policies promoted by sanctuary cit-ies like San Francisco. Obviously, I cannot speak for her family, but I would venture to say her family would have had a very different holiday this year than the one they ex-perienced had the justice system not failed them and the man who murdered her had been deported. She would be here today if the President and his ad-ministration had chosen to simply en-force the laws on the books. President Obama’s executive order will not curb this kind of violence. Only the enforcement of the laws will. And, Mr. President, you know this. Please abide by article II, section 3 of our Constitution: The executive shall faithfully execute the laws of the land. Now, I agree with the President that we should appropriate more money to mental health, as has been talked about here tonight. The lack of re-sources for those seeking mental health in this country is abysmal. Thirty years ago, this Nation had over 500,000 hospital bed facilities for men-tal health care. Today, there are less than 50,000. This is inexcusable. I also agree with the President that we should increase the number of ATF inspectors to process background checks more quickly and more effi-ciently. We can work this out through the legislative process—the way it should be done—and not through, again, executive fiat. With all due respect, Mr. President, your phone and pen are not a sub-stitute for the other two branches of government. Aside from sidestepping Congress again, your other initiatives encroach on Americans’ personal liberties and freedoms. Take, for example, your plan to revoke gun ownership from folks whose oversight of their finances are turned over to someone else—specifi-cally, those receiving disability through the Social Security Adminis-tration or the Department of Veterans Affairs. For reasons beyond their control, sometimes additional help is needed in managing one’s finances. Sometimes they do it voluntarily. This does not mean they are incapable of making sound, moral decisions, and certainly does not mean their Second Amend-ment rights can and should be in-fringed upon. As an aside, I want to highlight how this President’s administration allowed for Syrian rebels to receive military grade weapons and they supplied Mexi-can drug cartels with weapons through the failed Fast and Furious program administered under Attorney General Eric Holder at the time. All of this has been done irresponsibly and without conducting background checks. This administration’s gun policies have killed innocent people. Customs and Border Security Agent Brian Terry was a victim of this. Yet this Presi-dent’s solution to gun violence is to re-strict law-abiding American citizens from one of our most basic rights of American freedom and liberty. It sim-ply does not make sense. The Second Amendment of our Con-stitution is very clear and concise. Allow me to read it: ‘‘A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be in-fringed.’’ This amendment was not added in the early years of our Nation’s found-ing for hunting or sporting purposes, but for personal protection to fend off an overbearing, tyrannical govern-ment. It is very clear and has consist-ently been upheld by the Supreme Court. Mr. President, I understand and sym-pathize with your frustrations, but please uphold the Constitution and come to Congress. Let’s work together on those areas where we agree upon to curb gun violence. And let’s preserve the Second Amendment. Let’s all re-spect and revere the Constitution for all Americans. Mr. STUTZMAN. I thank the gen-tleman from Florida. I yield to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. I thank my colleague and good friend from Indiana for organizing this Spe-cial Order, and I am very pleased to be here this evening to help defend our Second Amendment, which is the amendment giving teeth to all our other amendments and rights. The Second Amendment is one of the most fundamental principles of our Re-public. And yet the Obama administra-tion and the Democratic Party as a whole have now been engaged for years in an attempt to undermine the rights of law-abiding American citizens to keep and bear arms. President Obama, as has already been discussed this evening, has come before the American people just yesterday an-nouncing his attempt to yet again in-fringe upon the rights of law-abiding American citizens by unilaterally in-stituting new restrictions on firearm sales. The President’s blatant disregard for the constitutional role of Congress to write the laws of the land is absolutely astounding to me. This latest move is just yet a larger part of executive abuse that has been going on for quite some time and an overreach. In 2013, Congress rejected legislation that would have expanded background checks. I fully believe that that would have the same result today. And yet because it was not in accord with the wishes of the President, he now claims that Congress has relinquished its re-sponsibility. Therefore, he somehow has the right to create laws as he sees fit. Well, he is wrong. As well as being unconstitutional, this moral imperative that the Presi-dent claims to have regarding gun con-trols is not even statistically or logi-cally on sound ground. In fact, the President has pointed directly to a string of domestic terror attacks as the reason for his executive action. And yet we all know that his unconstitu-tional executive order would not have prevented any of these terror attacks. So the real issue here is that this gun grab by the President is a smokescreen to hide from his own failed policies and his refusal to deal with terrorism and to eliminate it. And it is time for the truth to be told and for us to stand in opposition against this continued as-sault on the Second Amendment. Personally, my defense of the Second Amendment is firm and unwavering. I will never support any measure that infringes upon the rights of law-abiding American citizens to purchase, use, and keep firearms and ammunition. I be-lieve that any law that restricts these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.123 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H97 January 6, 2016 
rights is unconstitutional and should be steadfastly opposed. So, Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time to share this tonight. And I am just reminded of Thomas Jefferson’s statement: ‘‘No freeman shall ever be debarred the use of arms.’’ This is an issue upon which our lib-erties rest. Mr. STUTZMAN. I thank the gen-tleman for the reminder from one of our Founding Fathers, and I appreciate your service to the citizens in Georgia. I yield to another Member from the great State of Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). Mr. LOUDERMILK. I thank my col-league from Indiana for reserving this time and for giving me a few minutes to speak on this very important and critical issue. Mr. Speaker, as I am standing here, I see the word ‘‘liberty’’ engraved at the base of the rostrum. One of the great principles of this Nation is one of the principles of which our Founding Fa-thers sought to take on in the field of battle the most powerful military force in the history of the world for an idea, a principle of liberty. One of the great influencers on our Founding Fathers was Charles Montesquieu, an 18th century philoso-pher and judge. He said that when the legislative and the executive power is vested in one person or one body, there can be no liberty. Many of my colleagues that stood here before I came this evening have testified to the role that the President has taken upon himself to become both the legislator and the executive in this matter. In fact, in his statement on the White House Web site, he said that he was going to have to take action, even though some of the gaps in our gun laws could only be fixed by legislative action by Congress. But because Con-gress failed to act, he is going to have to take action. Clearly, he is admitting to stepping into the constitutional role of this body and the body on the other side of this building. When that happens, there can be no liberty. Now, the President has said he must take this action because Congress has failed to act. No, Congress did act. But Congress did not act in the way that he wanted us to. And because we didn’t act in the way that he specifically wanted, now he has to take action. And the action he says that he must take is to make America safe. Many have talked about the con-stitutional issues. Clearly, he is taking an unconstitutional approach in this decision that he has made and in this action. But I want to highlight the ul-timate hypocrisy of his statement that his actions are to make America safe. This body has taken actions which he has ignored that would truly make America safe. Back in February, as a member of the Committee on Home-land Security, I traveled to our open and porous southern border, and I trav-eled side-by-side with Border Patrol agents, the Coast Guard, and local law enforcement who have committed their time and their lives. It is their mission to secure that border. We saw that the border is controlled by illegal cartels that smuggle human traffic. They smuggle narcotics and they smuggle drugs across the border into this coun-try. Now, if guns just arbitrarily kill peo-ple, then maybe the action the Presi-dent is taking would have some effect. But I have been around guns all my life and I have yet to have a gun jump up and just arbitrarily start shooting any-one. Guns don’t kill people. People kill people. b2145 Bad people that use guns come into this country, and often those guns are smuggled in through the southern bor-der. Now, as a result of being on the bor-der, we realized that the only way to secure that border is we have to have a combination of physical barriers, of technology, but, most importantly, boots on the ground. We have talked about building fences and building walls. Well, I had one Bor-der Patrol agent say that those are really ineffective unless you have boots on the ground. You build a 12-foot wall. The cartels buy 13-foot ladders. The cartels use high technology. They use engineers to build tunnels. They use aircraft to drop contraband on our side of the border and smuggle people, many people who are intent to do ill to people in this Nation, as we saw in San Francisco earlier this year. But the President has basically ig-nored Congress’ call to secure the bor-der. Instead of putting more Border Pa-trol agents on the border to secure the border, he wants to bring 200 more ATF agents to investigate American citi-zens. Just a few weeks ago, we dealt with the threat of ISIS and al Qaeda that says they are going to exploit our ref-ugee resettlement program to get operatives into this Nation to conduct terrorist attacks against this Nation. This Congress, out of this body, passed a bill to pause that program until we could fully vet every person. The President decided he would ignore the call of Congress, and he pursued on with the refugee program. As a member of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee, I was able to question the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Director of the FBI, saying: If we do bring these refugees in, how are you going to monitor them? The FBI said: We don’t have the re-sources to monitor 10,000 new refugees coming into this Nation. But, yet, in his executive order, the President wants to hire 230 administra-tors, administrative personnel, to con-duct background checks instead of pro-viding us with more FBI agents to in-vestigate terrorist activities. You tell me who is wanting to make America safe. He also has proposed $500 million to-ward mental health care and eventu-ally tie mental health assessments to background checks. I applaud that. But, at the same time, we have thou-sands of soldiers coming back from war areas suffering from PTSD that this administration and the Veterans Ad-ministration has ultimately aban-doned. Finally, he wants to use taxpayer dollars and resources to research and test smart gun technology. Well, maybe that is a technology in the fu-ture that could be applicable. But, yet, the TSA has postponed time and time again putting in new scan-ning technology that is desperately needed at our airports to stop contra-band and banned items from getting through to our Nation’s airlines and into our transportation system. Once again, that has been postponed. Mr. Speaker, I say that the President and his call that he wants to make America safer is making America more dangerous because he continues to ig-nore what the will of the people is. What this Congress is calling for is that we need to close our borders, we need to put more FBI agents inves-tigating terrorist activities, we need to take care of our war veterans, we need to stop the influx of refugees that we know are going to be exploited by our enemies, and we also need to invest in technologies to make our transpor-tation safe and secure. Mr. STUTZMAN. I thank the gen-tleman from Georgia and appreciate his comments tremendously. I think he made some very good points. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. I appreciate this opportunity to certainly stand in support of our Second Amendment. This is an issue that has obviously been around for some time. With the recent very violent events that have stricken various communities around our country, I think that the way the President has chosen to respond is inef-fective. I think it is inappropriate, cer-tainly an overreach by the President himself. I believe that, as the President has chosen to operate without going to Congress or even attempting to work with Congress on many issues, but es-pecially this one, it is disappointing. We already have laws on the books that need enforcing. Those laws that we have I think can be effective. Certainly, I don’t think anyone will say that someone can just automati-cally go buy a gun without any effort whatsoever. But, disappointingly, none of the President’s recent unilateral actions targeting law-abiding citizens and re-stricting gun ownership would have prevented the tragedies that the Presi-dent himself has referenced. I would like to highlight one area of the executive order which falls under the jurisdiction of the committee on which I serve, the Ways and Means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.124 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH98 January 6, 2016 
Committee, which is the President’s proposal to have Social Security bene-ficiaries with representative payees in-cluded in the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System. Now, let me say that the mismanage-ment of one’s finances alone should not mean that an individual would lose their Second Amendment rights. I am concerned not only that this targets law-abiding citizens, but that it would also discourage some beneficiaries from seeking needed assistance for fear of losing their constitutional rights. Many similar views have been shared here earlier this evening. Also, when the Los Angeles Times first reported consideration of the rep-resentative payee issue last summer, I joined the majority of the Ways and Means Committee members in writing to the President opposing this pro-posal. Despite the administration’s unwill-ingness so far to change its stance on representative payees, I remain hopeful we can scale back these orders. Early last year, when the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explo-sives proposed banning M855 ammuni-tion, I was one of the 238 House Mem-bers who wrote the former ATF Direc-tor opposing the proposal, as did more than 80,000 Americans. Now, in re-sponse to massive public and congres-sional opposition, the ATF actually withdrew the proposal. President Obama has repeatedly dis-regarded our legislative branch and the American people. The President’s job is to respect all constitutional rights, not just the ones he chooses. His executive order sets an incredibly dangerous precedent. I will continue to stand against this overreach and protect Nebraskans’ and, quite frankly, all Americans’ constitu-tional right to bear arms. I thank the gentleman from Indiana for yielding me the time. Mr. STUTZMAN. I thank the gen-tleman. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Indiana has 8 minutes re-maining. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank the gentleman from Indiana for leading this Special Order tonight. Mr. Speaker, the Second Amendment is crystal clear. It ensures that the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. The found-ers rebelled against the largest empire in the world. They knew it was crucial to guarantee individuals the right to protect their life, liberty and property. That is the entire point of the Second Amendment. Unfortunately, we have a President more obsessed with the politics of gun control than living by the oath he twice took to preserve, protect and de-fend the Constitution of the United States. The President should work with Con-gress to solve the problems facing this country, not try to take on the legisla-tive duties of Congress. Americans have a history of con-fronting those who wish to take away their rights, and they have said: ‘‘No. You can’t do that. The best way to fight against the gross overreach by the Federal Govern-ment is for citizens to exercise their Second Amendment rights. The good news is the people of this country, the responsible people who will exercise their constitutional rights and follow the law, are already doing this. They are flocking to purchase guns and ammunition despite Presi-dent Obama’s best efforts. Since President Obama was sworn into office, 106 million background checks for gun purchases have been conducted by Federal or State authori-ties. Only 96 million were conducted in the previous 11 years. Gun makers have doubled their manufacturing output since 2009 as well. Meanwhile, according to the ATF, the number of privately owned fire-arms in the U.S. has increased from about 250 million twenty years ago to roughly 350 million today. President Obama’s obsession with killing the Second Amendment has un-intentionally become the catalyst for gun ownership in America. The fire-arms industry’s $43 billion nationwide economic impact has more than dou-bled since 2009 and is also one of the few bright spots in the Obama eco-nomic record. But there is more good news in all of this. Despite the White House’s mis-leading rhetoric, violent crime rates are consistently down over the last 20 years. According to the FBI’s Uniform Crime Report, the number of violent crimes has decreased 35.5 percent over the last 20 years. There are more guns than people in the United States; yet, the violent crime rate continues to tumble because a criminal knows a well-armed gun owner is a direct threat to a criminal’s safety. And despite President Obama’s obses-sion with undermining the Second Amendment, Federal weapons convic-tions have dropped 35 percent compared to 2005. The Obama Department of Justice should focus on enforcing current Fed-eral weapons laws instead of issuing ideological edicts from the executive branch. Once again, I would like to thank my colleague from Indiana, Mr. S
TUTZMAN , for his leadership on this issue. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ). Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, the President’s executive orders relating to gun control are a major distraction from the real national security issues. Frankly, I think dealing with ISIS and confronting Iran over their viola-tions of this administration’s agree-ment with them and securing our bor-ders are of greater importance than pushing gun control measures that will do little to protect us. Apparently, this administration is more concerned about 4 million senior citizens on Social Security owning a gun than they are about a nuclear- armed Iran or terrorists crossing our unsecured borders. The fact that millions of Americans have purchased firearms over the weeks following the shootings in San Bernardino is indicative that they have lost confidence in this administration’s ability to protect them. They are lit-erally taking personal responsibility for their own safety. It could be argued that these Americans are creating their own homeland security. Pushing executive orders for more gun control that exceed the President’s constitutional authority will not only do little to improve our national secu-rity, it will do little to increase the public’s confidence in this administra-tion’s policies for protecting our home-land. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to oppose this latest abuse and overreach of executive authority and reassert the lawmaking authority of Congress. I urge all my colleagues in the House to focus our attention on defeating ISIS, on restraining Iran, and on secur-ing our borders in order to protect American citizens right here in our homeland. Mr. Speaker, I commend the gen-tleman from Indiana for leading this Special Order for this critical discus-sion. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, if I could inquire as to the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Indiana has 2 minutes re-maining. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate each Member coming down to-night to talk about this. This is a very important issue. I am hearing from my constituents back in northeast Indiana every day on the concern that they have about the President’s actions. I would like to share just a statistic, that we know that national crime rates, violent crime and gun crime, have both dropped over the last 21⁄2dec-ades. I think that is a positive sign that we should all be encouraged about and that we continue to work together to make sure that violent crime and gun crime is eliminated in this coun-try. In 2013, the national crime rate was about half of what it was at its height in 1991. Violent crime had fallen by 51 percent since 1991 and property crime by 43 percent. In 2013, the violent crime rate was the lowest since 1970. Compared with 1993, the peak of U.S. gun homicides, the firearm homicide rate was 49 per-cent lower in 2010 and there were fewer deaths, even though the Nation’s popu-lation grew. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.125 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H99 January 6, 2016 
The victimization rate for other vio-lent crimes with a firearm, assault, robberies, and sex crimes, was 75 per-cent lower in 2011 than in 1993. Violent, nonfatal crime victimization overall, with or without a firearm, also is down markedly, 72 percent over the past two decades. As one of the former Members men-tioned, if you look at the city of Chi-cago, which has some of the strictest gun laws in the country, it has a huge problem with gun violence in that city. I would like to just read, in closing, again, what I think is really important for all of us, the Second Amendment: ‘‘A well regulated militia, being nec-essary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.’’ I ask that all of us, as Members of this great body, continue to remember that the Second Amendment is there to protect liberty and freedom. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week. Mr. P
AYNE (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Mr. R
USH (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of attend-ing to family member’s medical proce-dure. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY MATERIAL 
REVISIONS TO THE AGGREGATES AND ALLOCA -
TIONS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET RESO -
LUTION  H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, January 6, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I hereby submit for printing in the Congressional Record revi-sions to the budget allocations and aggre-gates of the Fiscal Year 2016 Concurrent Res-olution on the Budget, S. Con. Res. 11. These revisions are designated for Public Law 114– 74, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, and the Senate amendment to H.R. 3762, the Restor-ing Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act of 2015. The revisions designated for Public Law 114–74, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, are made pursuant to section 1002 of Public Law 114–113, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016. Section 1002 of Public Law 114–113 al-lows for the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget to adjust the applicable levels of the budget resolution to achieve consistency with the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. The revisions designated for the Senate amendment to H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconcili-ation Act of 2015, are made pursuant to sec-tion 4502 of S. Con. Res. 11 and are consistent with section 2002(b)(3) of S. Con. Res. 11. Sec-tion 4502 of S. Con. Res. 11 permits the Chair-man of the Committee on the Budget to ad-just the applicable levels of the budget reso-lution for a measure that promotes real health care reform. Section 2002(b)(3) of S. Con. Res. 11 permits adjustments for a rec-onciliation measure that is deficit neutral. These revisions will facilitate the consider-ation of the Senate amendment to H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Free-dom Reconciliation Act of 2015. These revised allocations and aggregates are to be considered as the aggregates and allocations included in the budget resolu-tion, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, as adjusted, and will be used for budget enforcement pur-poses. Pursuant to section 3403 of S. Con. Res. 11, these revisions to the allocations and aggregates shall apply only while the Senate amendment to H.R. 3762 is under con-sideration or upon its enactment. Cor-responding tables are attached. Sincerely. TOMPRICE, M.D., Chairman, Committee on the Budget. 
TABLE 1—BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] Fiscal Year 2016 2016–2025 
Current Aggregates: Budget Authority ...................................... 3,113,623 (1) Outlays ..................................................... 3,162,793 (1) Revenues .................................................. 2,698,104 32,298,936 Adjustment to achieve consistency with the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015: Budget Authority ...................................... 38,012 (
1) Outlays ..................................................... 2,286 (1) Revenues .................................................. 269 26,588 Adjustment for SA to HR 3762, Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Act of 2016: Budget Authority ...................................... 0 (
1) Outlays ..................................................... 0 (1) Revenues ..................................................¥52,700 ¥793,300 Revised Aggregates: Budget Authority ...................................... 3,151,635 (
1) Outlays ..................................................... 3,165,079 (1) Revenues .................................................. 2,645,673 31,532,224 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2017–2025 will not be considered until future sessions of Congress. 
TABLE 2—ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO HOUSE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS 
[In millions of dollars] 2016 
Base Discretionary Action: BA ...................................................................................... 1,066,582 OT ...................................................................................... 1,170,357 Global War on Terrorism: BA ...................................................................................... 73,693 OT ...................................................................................... 32,079 Program Integrity: BA ...................................................................................... 1,523 OT ...................................................................................... 1,311 Disaster Relief Spending: BA ...................................................................................... 7,143 OT ...................................................................................... 388 Total Discretionary Action: BA ...................................................................................... 1,148,941 OT ...................................................................................... 1,204,135 Current Law Mandatory: BA ...................................................................................... 960,295 OT ...................................................................................... 952,912 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 10 p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until to-morrow, Thursday, January 7, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3861. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Pro-cedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obsta-cle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31040; Amdt. No.: 3663] received December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3862. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Pro-cedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obsta-cle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31037; Amdt. No.: 3661] received December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3863. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Pro-cedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obsta-cle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31038; Amdt. No.: 3662] received December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3864. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Pro-cedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obsta-cle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31041; Amdt. No.: 3664] received December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3865. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace for the following Missouri towns: Chillicothe, MO; Cuba, MO; Farmington, MO; Lamar, MO; Mountain View, MO; Nevada, MO; and Poplar Bluff, MO [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0842; Air-space Docket No.: 15-ACE-2] received Decem-ber 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3866. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace for the following Louisiana towns: Jonesboro, LA and Winnfield, LA [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0843; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ASW-5] re-ceived December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3867. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Vancouver, WA [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3322; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ANM-16] received December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3868. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3940; Directorate Identifier 2015-SW-065-AD; Amendment 39-18300; AD 2015-19-51] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JA7.126 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH100 January 6, 2016 
Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3869. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Various Si-korsky-Manufactured Transport and Re-stricted Category Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2008-0442; Directorate Identifier 2007- SW-24-AD; Amendment 39-18291; AD 2015-20- 12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3870. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Bom-bardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1985; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-214- AD; Amendment 39-18294; AD 2015-21-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 28, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3871. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revocation of Class E Airspace; Vin-cennes, IN [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2049; Air-space Docket No.: 15-AGL-12] received De-cember 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3872. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Class D Airspace and Revocation of Class E Airspace; Columbus, Ohio State University Airport, OH, and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Columbus OH [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1649; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AGL-6] received December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3873. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 0498; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-152-AD; Amendment 39-18305; AD 2015-22-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 28, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3874. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-5819; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-166-AD; Amendment 39-18336; AD 2015-24-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3875. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; SOCATA Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-3642; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-028- AD; Amendment 39-18335; AD 2015-24-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 21, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3876. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-5806; Directorate Identifier 2015-SW-083- AD; Amendment 39-18331; AD 2015-22-53] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 21, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3877. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Tomah, WI [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1387; Air-space Docket No.: 15-AGL-4] received Decem-ber 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3878. A letter from the Senior Regulations Analyst, FAA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Hart/Shelby, MI [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1835; Airspace Docket No.: 14-AGL-7] received De-cember 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 581. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1927) to amend title 28, United States Code, to im-prove fairness in class action litigation (Rept. 114–389). Referred to the House Cal-endar. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 451. A bill to ensure the functionality and security of new Federal websites that collect personally identifiable information, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–390). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. STUTZMAN (for himself, Mr. B
OUSTANY , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. F LORES , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. Z
INKE, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. F RANKS  of Arizona, Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. J OHN-
SON of Ohio, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. C OLE, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. M IL-
LERof Florida, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. B
ABIN, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. P OE of Texas, Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. W EBER  of Texas, Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mrs. L
UMMIS , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. B ARTON , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. H AR-PER, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-lina, Mr. B
ENISHEK , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. L
ATTA ): H.R. 4321. A bill to provide that any execu-tive action that infringes on the powers and duties of Congress under section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States or on the Second Amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States has no force or ef-fect, and to prohibit the use of funds for cer-tain purposes; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California): H.R. 4322. A bill to clarify the prohibition on affiliation under the Mentor-Protege Pro-gram of the Department of Defense, to amend the Small Business Act to improve cooperation between the mentor-protege pro-grams of the Small Business Administration and the Department of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 4323. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to promulgate regulations for the safe and environmentally responsible re-opening of abandoned mines, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. JEFFRIES (for himself and Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia): H.R. 4324. A bill to prevent certain moni-toring and interception by Federal authori-ties of Federal prisoner communications that are subject to attorney-client privilege; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 4325. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to modify the anticipated value of certain contracts reserved exclusively for small business concerns; to the Committee on Small Business. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself and Mr. H
ARDY ): H.R. 4326. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to expand the duties of the Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utiliza-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 4327. A bill to require the Governor of each State that receives a grant under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program to certify to the Attorney General that under the laws of that State there is no statute of limitations for any of-fense under the laws of that State related to sexual assault, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BRIDENSTINE: H.R. 4328. A bill to prohibit the consider-ation in the House of Representatives or Senate of the text of any legislation which has not been published online at least 72 hours prior to its consideration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself and Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi): H.R. 4329. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to modify determinations of the total value of contract awards; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for her-self and Mr. C
URBELO of Florida): H.R. 4330. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to add reporting requirements for certain small business concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06JA7.000 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H101 January 6, 2016 
By Mr. HARDY (for himself and Ms. A
DAMS ): H.R. 4331. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to ensure small business concerns receive assistance with post-award compli-ance with the requirements of a contract or subcontract, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: H.R. 4332. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to clarify the duties of procurement center representatives with respect to re-viewing solicitations for a contract or task order contract; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ): H.R. 4333. A bill to authorize expedited consideration of sanctions in the event that the Government of Iran commits acts of ter-ror or uses ballistic missile technology in violation of international law; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 4334. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which ap-propriations are being made for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. LOVE (for herself, Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. B RAT, Mr. L
ABRADOR , Mr. B LUM, and Mr. Y
ODER ): H.R. 4335. A bill to end the practice of in-cluding more than one subject in a single bill by requiring that each bill enacted by Con-gress be limited to only one subject, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. S TEWART , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. G IBSON , and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ): H.R. 4336. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of persons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arling-ton National Cemetery; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mr. H
ANNA ): H.R. 4337. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to provide information on regulatory changes and regu-latory compliance training materials to cer-tain entities; to the Committee on Small Business. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4338. A bill to provide that the author-ity to grant clemency for offenses against the District of Columbia shall be exercised in accordance with law enacted by the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 4339. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to clarify the responsibilities of Business Opportunity Specialists, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
166. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Indi-ana, relative to House Enrolled Concurrent Resolution No. 58, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the States to propose amendments to the Con-stitution of the United States; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. STUTZMAN: H.R. 4321. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1: ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ Article I, Section 8: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ Amendment II to the U.S. Constitution: ‘‘A well regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.’’ By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 4322. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause I of Section 8 Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Con-gress with the ability to enact legislation necessary and proper to effectuate its pur-poses in taxing and spending. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 4323. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. JEFFRIES: H.R. 4324. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: US Const. Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 18 (‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution . . . all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof.’’). By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 4325. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . genera1 Welfare of the United States; . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 4326. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 4327. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. BRIDENSTINE: H.R. 4328. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1—All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. Article 1, Section 5, clause 2—Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings ...  Article 1, Section 8, clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 4329. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 4330. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. HARDY: H.R. 4331. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: H.R. 4332. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06JA7.100 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH102 January 6, 2016 
By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 4333. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 4334. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 4335. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (a) Section 8, Clause 1 of Article I of the Constitution; and (b) Section 8, Clause 3 of Article I of the Constitution. By Ms. M
CSALLY: H.R. 4336. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 12—‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . raise and sup-port Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years . . . ’’ Article 1, Section 8, Clause 14—‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces. . . . ’’ By Ms. MENG: H.R. 4337. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4338. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 4339. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 228: Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 429: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 452: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 563: Mr. T
AKAI and Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 663: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 676: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 814: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART . H.R. 842: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 887: Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 940: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1057: Mr. C
OSTA and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1076: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1089: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1178: Mr. HECKof Nevada. H.R. 1180: Mr. W
ESTMORELAND . H.R. 1288: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 1292: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 1306: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1309: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 1333: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 1342: Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. G
ALLEGO , and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1399: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 1407: Mr. P
ETERS and Ms. K USTER . H.R. 1413: Mr. W
ESTMORELAND . H.R. 1475: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 1484: Mr. H
ECKof Nevada H.R. 1559: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 1610: Mr. K
LINE, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 1632: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1684: Mr. H
ANNA . H.R. 1688: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 1706: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1748: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 1761: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 1784: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1797: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 1818: Mr. T
AKAI and Mr. B UCSHON . H.R. 1901: Mr. K
LINE. H.R. 2096: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 2123: Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2216: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 2302: Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. L EWIS, and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2366: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. H ECKof Nevada. H.R. 2380: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2400: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2460: Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. K
ATKO , and Mr. H ANNA . H.R. 2612: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. S
PEIER , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 2646: Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana, Mr. T IP-
TON, and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 2689: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2715: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2726: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2730: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 2759: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 2805: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 2817: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 2956: Mr. F
LEMING . H.R. 2994: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3034: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3084: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3136: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 3248: Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana. H.R. 3299: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 3323: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.R. 3355: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3356: Mr. D
OLD. H.R. 3381: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 3455: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 3516: Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi, Mr. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. S
TUTZMAN , Mr. A DERHOLT , and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 3565: Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3662: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. G OOD-
LATTE , Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. M CSALLY , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. R OSKAM , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. D OLD, Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. C AR-
TERof Georgia, Mr. C OOK, and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 3691: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3710: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 3719: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3722: Mr. W
ILLIAMS and Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 3723: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3742: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 3779: Mr. R
ANGEL , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. L AMALFA , Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 3799: Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W
ILLIAMS , and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 3808: Mr. F
INCHER and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 3860: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 3879: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3892: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. T
ROTT , H.R. 3926: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 3970: Mr. R
ANGEL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3986: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3990: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 4007: Mr. W
ESTMORELAND . H.R. 4016: Mr. K
LINE. H.R. 4019: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 4062: Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana. H.R. 4076: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4087: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. R ANGEL , and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4113: Ms. M
ENG, Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali- fornia, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 4132: Mr. C
RAMER and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 4156: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4162: Mr. H
IGGINS , Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 4185: Mr. M
ULVANEY . H.R. 4186: Mrs. B
LACK and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4197: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 4213: Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4219: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER . H.R. 4223: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 4247: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 4257: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4258: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 4264: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4273: Mrs. C
APPS and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 4276: Mr. B
EYER and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 4298: Mr. K
LINE. H.R. 4315: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 4316: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 4319: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , and Mr. B ENISHEK . H. Con. Res. 66: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mrs. B
LACK , and Mr. H IMES. H. Con. Res. 100: Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. G UINTA , and Mr. B
OST. H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Vir-ginia, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. B
ARTON . H. Res. 14: Mr. M
ULVANEY . H. Res. 32: Mr. P
ETERS . H. Res. 265: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H. Res. 374: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H. Res. 467: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. S IRES. H. Res. 470: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H. Res. 548: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 549: Mr. S
IRES. H. Res. 551: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. W EBER  of Texas, Ms. E
STY, and Mr. K LINE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.055 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H103 January 6, 2016 
H. Res. 569: Ms. K USTER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. T ED L
IEUof California. H. Res. 571: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H. Res. 575: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. T SONGAS , and Ms. L EE. CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative C
OHEN , or a designee, to H.R. 1927, the Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act of 2015, does not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
40. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Attorneys General of West Virginia and Texas, relative to the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA7.052 H06JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE9 January 6, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank our legislative counsel for all their help over the past few weeks, starting with Sandra Strokoff and Ed Grossman. I also want to thank all the senior and as-sistant counsels for their hard work: Tom Cas-sidy, Ryan Greenlaw, and Justin Gross on ap-propriations; Henry Christrup, Wade Ballou, and Scott Probst on taxes; Paul Callen, Mar-shall Barksdale, and Veena Srinivasa on housing and financial services; Hallet Brazelton, Megan Chasnoff, and Susan Fleishman on the 9/11 VCF and immigration; Jessica Shapiro, Warren Burke, Ed Grossman, Jesse Cross, and Michelle Vanek on the WTC health program; Tom Cassidy and Bob Weinhagen on budget; Justin Gross and Lucy Goss on Social Security; Hank Savage and Lisa Daly on Oceans, coastal security, and land and water conservation; and Tony Sciascia, Hadley Ross, and Mat Eckstein on intelligence and cybersecurity. Then there are the drafters who worked nights and weekends to produce all the other major legislation: Curt Haensel, Rosemary Gallagher, Tom Dillon, Karen Anderson, Tim Brown, Kakuti Lin, Sally Walker, Brady Young, and Chris Osborne on the highway bill; Sherry Chriss, Greg Kostka, Hadley Ross, Tony Sciascia, and Mark Synnes on the defense bill; Susan Fleishman, Anna Shpak, and Brendan Gallagher on the education bill; and Sandy Strokoff, Mark Synnes, and Mat Eckstein on trade and customs bills. Thanks also to Doug Bellis, Jean Harmann, Jim Grossman, Noah Wofsy, and Alison Hartwich for their work drafting other legislation. Finally, I want to thank all the office’s sup-port staff: Nancy McNeillie, Debby Birch, Kelly Meryweather, Elonda Rich, Tomas Contreras, Miekl Joyner, Ashley Anderson, Joe Birch, Angelina Patton, Craig Sterkx, Tom Meryweather, Matthew Loggie, Willie Blount, Peter Szwec, and David Topper, and GPO detailees Mel Gilbert, Theresa Harris, Toni King, and Preble Marmion. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE 2016 CON-GRESS-BUNDESTAG/BUNDESRAT EXCHANGE 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, since 1983, the U.S. Congress and the German Bundestag and Bundesrat have conducted an annual exchange program for staff members from both countries. The program gives pro-fessional staff the opportunity to observe and learn about each other’s political institutions and interact on issues of mutual interest. A staff delegation from the U.S. Congress will be selected to visit Germany for ten days from Friday, May 27–Sunday, June 5, 2016. During this ten day exchange, the delegation will attend meetings with Bundestag/Bundesrat Members, Bundestag and Bundesrat party staff members, and representatives of numer-ous political, business, academic, and media agencies. A comparable delegation of German staff members will visit the United States for ten days from Saturday, April 16–Sunday, April 24, 2016. They will attend similar meetings here in Washington. The Congress-Bundestag/Bundesrat Ex-change is highly regarded in Germany and the United States, and is one of several exchange programs sponsored by public and private in-stitutions in the United States and Germany to foster better understanding of the politics and policies of both countries. This exchange is funded by the U.S. Department of State’s Bu-reau of Educational and Cultural Affairs. The U.S. delegation should consist of expe-rienced and accomplished Hill staff who can contribute to the success of the exchange on both sides of the Atlantic. The Bundestag re-ciprocates by sending senior staff profes-sionals to the United States. Applicants should have a demonstrable in-terest in events in Europe. Applicants need not be working in the field of foreign affairs, al-though such a background can be helpful. The composite U.S. delegation should exhibit a range of expertise in issues of mutual concern to the United States and Germany such as, but not limited to, trade, security, the environ-ment, economic development, health care, and other social policy issues. This year’s del-egation should be familiar with transatlantic re-lations within the context of recent world events. Please note that the U.S. participants are expected to plan and implement the meetings and program for the Bundestag/Bundesrat staff members when they visit the United States. Participants are selected by a committee composed of personnel from the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs of the Depart-ment of State and past participants of the ex-change. Members of the House and Senate who would like a member of their staff to apply for participation in this year’s program should di-rect them to submit a re´sume´and cover letter in which they state their qualifications, the contributions they can make to a successful program and some assurances of their ability to participate during the time stated. Applications should be sent to the Office of Interparliamentary Affairs, HC–4, the Capitol, by 5 p.m. on Friday, February 26, 2016. RECOGNIZING NORTHWEST INDI-ANA’S NEWLY NATURALIZED CITIZENS HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who will take their oath of citizenship on Friday, Janu-ary 8, 2016. This memorable occasion, which will be presided over by Magistrate Judge Paul R. Cherry, will be held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On January 8, 2016, the following people, representing many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Hammond, Indiana: Husamuldeen Abdulhadi Abdulameer, Alaa Husamuldeen Abdulhadi, Cynthia Chinonso Chijioke, Andrea Conces, Carlos Delgado Rubalcava, Alberto Lopez, Nada Mandic, Albino Akon Ibrahim Akon, Shireen Ahmed Amouri, Claudia Boyd, Maria Kisselle Aguilar Corey, Alfredo Salomon Esper Cure, Juan Camilo Esper Rios, Natalia Esper Rios, Nidia Esperanza Esper, Angelica Garcia, Ken Guo, Lucas Yang Hong, Asha Thomas Mathew, Miguel Meza, Juan Mora, Emmanuel Nicholas Kwame Opuni, Ernesto Honorio Or-tega, Jaime Roman, Mido Chunru Song, Anto-nio Tapia, Rezan Tecle, Jessie Tom, Guada-lupe Carmen Trevino, and Rose Ntaki White. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who will be-come citizens of the United States of America on January 8, 2016. They, too, are American citizens, and they, too, are guaranteed the in-alienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JA8.001 E06JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE10 January 6, 2016 
of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DANTE J. ZAMBRINI 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Dante J. Zambrini, former superintendent of Canfield Schools and interim vice president of Eastern Gateway Community College. Dante was born April 12, 1954, in Youngs-town, Ohio. He was the son of Joseph A. and Ann (Peters) Zambrini. The son of an immi-grant father, Dante was very proud of his Italian heritage and spoke fluent Italian. A graduate of Ursuline High School, he later earned his Bachelor’s and Master’s Degrees in Education and Administration from Youngs-town State University, and devoted his life to education in our Valley. He served as super-intendent of Canfield Schools, retiring in 2012, and then assumed the position of interim vice president of Eastern Gateway Community Col-lege. Dante is remembered as a wonderful man who always put his students’ needs before his own. In every position he served during his career, he was respected by all and served as a fine example of educational excellence. Professionally, he was a member of the Buckeye Association of School Administrators, Mahoning County Association of Elementary School Administrators, Association of Super-vision and Curriculum Development, and served as the director of the Associated Schools Employees Credit Union and Phi Delta Kappa. Always active in the community, Mr. Zambrini was a member of the Rotary Club of Canfield where he served as president from 2010 to 2011, vice president from 2009 to 2010, and was a three-time recipient of the Rotary International Paul Harris Fellow Rec-ognition. He was a member of the Canfield Historical Society, where he served two terms as a di-rector, Friends of Riverside Gardens, Canfield Community Club, lifetime member of the Youngstown State University Alumni Associa-tion, served as a trustee of the James and Coralie Centofanti Foundation and served on the Canfield steering committee for the new Canfield Library. Dante is survived by his cousins, Dominic (Georgette) Peters, Thomas (Lucy) Peters, Eugene (Diane) Marra, Frank (Karen) Marra, James Peters, Donna (Walt) Chmielewski, Norma (Gerald) Vrabel, Patty (Thomas) Halas, Jean (Gerald) Vrabel, Debbie Rose, Annie Marra, Michael (Stacey) Durkin, Tim (Jill) Durkin and others including Polly Marsh; and his neighbor and dear friend, Joyce (Loran) Brooks, whom he considered a second moth-er. There is no doubt that the fabric of the Mahoning Valley community was strengthened by Dante’s lifelong work in education, and his steady commitment to community service. His influence will be missed, but I join with the rest of Northeast Ohio in grateful thanks for his many years of contributions to our community. RECOGNIZING SIMMONS COLLEGE ON BECOMING OUR NATION’S 107TH HBCU HON. JOHN A. YARMUTH 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor and congratulate Simmons College of Kentucky on officially becoming recognized as our nation’s 107th Historically Black College and University. One hundred and fifty years ago, members of twelve Black Baptist Church-es met in Louisville to discuss the need for a school that would allow Black students to pur-sue a college degree. After years of planning and consideration, they decided that this school should be located at the corner of 8th and Kentucky in Louisville, where they pur-chased four acres of land and continued work-ing to make their dream a reality. Originally founded as the Kentucky Normal Theological Institute, it was under the leadership of Dr. W.J. Simmons that the school became a full university, growing in both size and oppor-tunity, and would eventually be renamed in his honor. Today, Simmons College continues to make a positive impact in our city and throughout Kentucky. The faith that inspired this institution to persevere throughout the years is now stronger than ever, and the hundreds of stu-dents who are currently enrolled are con-tinuing the school’s proud tradition as the birthplace of Black higher education in Louis-ville. As the school’s motto so accurately states, Simmons College has been ‘‘dedicated to educational excellence since 1879,’’ and I extend my most sincere congratulations to their President, Dr. Kevin W. Cosby, his stu-dents, and the entire Simmons community. Go Simmons Nation. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DOLORES EATON 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life, legacy, and work of Dolores Eaton; who was a well known resident of Har-lem. Dolores was not only a beloved Mother and Grandmother but she was also an artist, activist, and a longtime community figure. It is well known to those in good spirit that sunrises are filled with color and beauty; they light up and bring warmth to the land. There cannot be a more accurate description of Do-lores Eaton that captures the life she lived. Dolores was born in Harlem, New York to Mrs. Rovena Hodge and Edward Rubin. Dolo-res, who was an only child, was raised with her two first cousins Mattie and Madeline and was lovingly nurtured by her Aunt Naomi and Cousin Lottie. True to the old custom of Black Families who supported their transitioning fam-ily members from the south to the north; they all lived together in Harlem. The family roots hailed from Sumter, South Carolina, which is not only the birthplace of this magnificent fam-ily but is also unfortunately known as the home of the Ku Klux Klan, and where the Civil War began. Dolores was baptized at Mount Zion Lu-theran Church under the leadership of the founders, Pastor and Mrs. Clemonce Sabourin. She also attended the church’s fa-mous School on the Hill, which sits across from the historic Convent Avenue Baptist Church. After graduating from elementary school, Dolores was accepted into the then prestigious George Washington High School. There Dolores studied dance, drama and the cello. In 1955, Dolores joined the Penthouse Dance and Drama Theater, located at 21 West 145th Street, which at the time was under the leadership of Sheldon B. Hoskins, to follow her dream to pursue a career in theater. Dolores was smitten by a tall handsome man, Donald H. Eaton, Jr., mechanical engi-neer. They were married in 1957 at Mount Zion Lutheran Church. Their beautiful wedding was catered by the famous Katz’s deli-catessen. They began to raise their family at the Colonial Park Houses, now known as the Ralph J. Rangel Houses. The Eaton’s became very well known in Harlem and beyond. The couple gave birth to Donald H. Eaton, III in 1957 and then to Geoffrey Eric Eaton in 1958. After Geoffrey was born, Dolores began her own career at Mutual of New York Life Insur-ance (MONY) in mid-town Manhattan. Dolores was not only very smart but a truly beautiful woman as well, and so she also began a ca-reer in modeling. Dolores’s beloved mother, Rovena was a seamstress at a coat factory on Delancey Street. Rovena was a gifted artist with a pair of scissors, a threaded needle and sewing machine. She hand-made all of Dolores’s attractive business suits and attire. Dolores was easily always the apple in every man’s eyes. As you can imagine, raising two active boys was no easy task, especially during the early days of the Black Revolution up North and the Civil Rights Movement down South. But, none-theless, Dolores’s perseverance, dedication, and strong maternal instincts gave well de-served success: her eldest son Donald is an outstanding musician, a tenured percussion teacher at the renowned Harlem School of the Arts, a member of The Last Poets, arranger and composer for Arthur Mitchell’s Dance The-atre of Harlem and Yoruba philosopher. Her youngest son Geoffrey is my top aide, Presi-dent of the NAACP Mid-Manhattan Branch, and chair of the Uptown Dance Academy, while serving on the executive board of Har-lem Arts Alliance. After retiring from MONY, Dolores served as district director for the late Harlem Assemblywoman, the Honorable Geraldine Daniels; where she worked hard to help to make history by electing the first African American Mayor of New York City, the Honor-able David Dinkins. In 1990 she helped to make history again, by working hard to bring South Africa’s first black president, Hon. Nel-son Mandela to African Square on W. 125th Street during HARLEM WEEK. In 1994 she joined the staff of the first elected public advo-cate, the Honorable Mark Green. Dolores con-tinued to serve public advocate Green, and public advocate Betsy Gotbaum as Director of Ombudsman Services until Dee’s retirement in 2009. Dolores served as vice president of the Harlem Canaan House Tenant’s Association, where, along with her son, Geoffrey and Cristal Johnson she advocated for and worked with management and it’s residents to keep the building affordable and functioning at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JA8.001 E06JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE11 January 6, 2016 
highest level for all residents. She was a fierce fighter, brilliant advocate and hero to all of the tenants. Dolores also volunteered her services to support the political goals, missions and aspi-rations of Honorable Lloyd E. Dickens, NYS Assemblyman and business icon, Honorable Basil A. Paterson, NYS Senator and NY State Secretary of State and she was to the end also a strong supporter of NYS Assemblyman Keith L. T. Wright. What many may not know about Dolores, was that she was a founding member of an elite group of activists—Blackfrica Promotions, a group, which was formed under the leader-ship of the late and great Percy E. Sutton alongside Lloyd Williams, Joseph Roberts, Marvin Kelly, Larry Frasier, Tony Rogers, Stephanie Francis, Voza Rivers, Jacques DeGraff, Gilbert Paschall, III, Andy Reddick, DiAnne Henderson and her very best friend and sister, Grace Williams. This group was the foundation for HARLEM WEEK and went a long way to reverse the negative trend and im-ages that Harlem had in the early 70s, 80s, and 90s. One of Dolores favorite Blackfrica quotes was ‘‘Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process begins.’’ Dolores was also a founding charter mem-ber of the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Demo-cratic Club, where she worked diligently for the elections of H. Carl McCall for State Sen-ate, David N. Dinkins for Manhattan Borough President and Percy E. Sutton for Mayor. Dolores truly loved to travel and had great fun on her numerous trips, with her family and the members of Blackfrica Promotions, visited Europe, the Caribbean, Africa, Asia, Canada, Brazil, Latin & South America and many states and cities throughout the USA. Dolores leaves to mourn her beloved sons, Donald and Geoffrey; her daughter Allyson; her beloved grandsons Geoffrey, Jr. and Geof-frey, III; her nephew Russell Eaton Jr.; daugh-ters-in-law, Melanie, Cheryl and Reiko; her matriarch cousins Eleanor Holmes and Lulu Scott; first cousins Madeline Williams, Michael, Ginger, Laura Ceasar, William and Craig Spooner, Edward, Mark, Jessica Hodge, Iris Mack, Cathy and Thomasina Holmes and Otis Cruse; a host of cousins that hail from the north, the south and the west coast too nu-merous to name; many more family members; a host of dear friends, neighbors, Donald Eaton, Sr., the father of her sons, and many beautiful memories. Dee now joins with John ‘‘Smitty’’ Smith, her longtime companion who preceded her in death. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distin-guished colleagues join me in recognizing Do-lores Eaton, Sunsets always bring the night and new lights arise with the stars—with this comes new beginnings and we know that this mother, grandmother, aunt, cousin and friend, Dolores Eaton, is up there as one of the new and brightest stars in the sky. CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTH-DAY OF MRS. MAMIE WILLIAMS 
HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th birthday of Mrs. Mamie Williams. I join her family members and friends who gather on January 9, 2016, in Los Angeles, CA to com-memorate this special day. Mamie Williams was born January 6, 1916, in Indianapolis, Indiana to Eugene and Helen Dedmon. She graduated from Crispus Attucks High School in 1933 and married Lefred Wil-liams that same year. Mamie Williams was a woman of many talents and giftings. She was an accomplished pianist and her musical tal-ent became well known throughout the com-munity. She was also a gifted seamstress with an eye for fashion, as she made many of her family’s clothes. She began her journey of be-coming the Mother of 13 children in Indianap-olis with the birth of her first son in 1934. In 1951, the Williams clan moved to Beaumont, California and finally to the greater Los Ange-les area where the family resides today. Throughout her life, Mamie has been a de-voted wife and mother who has always been there for her family. Perseverance, hard work, love and respect were just a few of the many lessons taught to those who have known her. In addition to being a Homemaker, Mamie was a member of several service organizations such as the Delta Mothers and the American Business Women Association. She also served 30 years as a volunteer for the Demo-cratic Party where she worked at local polling places on voting day. Mamie was a member of the Women’s Club at Washington Memorial Church where her husband served as a Bishop. Along with the rest of her family, she later became a member of the United Church of Religious Science in Los Angeles and was a graduate of the inau-gural Science of Mind class taught by Dr. Hornaday. Mamie worked side by side for many years with her husband Lefred in the family owned business Youth Town Furniture & Appliances, started in 1969 on Crenshaw Blvd. in Los An-geles. The store became a staple in the local community until Lefred’s retirement in 1985, and ultimate passing in 1987. Today Mamie’s legacy includes 11 surviving children, 7 sons and daughters-in-law, 24 grandchildren, and 17 great-grandchildren. Mamie has led an outstanding life, highlighted by her love of family and service to her com-munity. I wish her many more years of health and happiness. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOME RULE CLEMENCY ACT OF 2016 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the District of Columbia Home Rule Clemency Act of 2016, a bill that would give the District of Columbia exclusive authority, like states, to grant clemency to offenders prosecuted under its local laws. While D.C. law appears to give the mayor authority to grant clemency (D.C. Code 1– 301.76), it is currently the opinion of the De-partment of Justice that the President, and not the Mayor, has the authority to issue clemency for most local offenses prosecuted under D.C. law, particularly felonies prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney in the D.C. Superior Court. Under current practice, clemency petitions for D.C. convictions, like federal convictions, are submitted to the DOJ for the President’s con-sideration. Whether or not the DOJ’s view is correct, my bill would remove all doubt that the Dis-trict, and not the President, has the authority to issue executive clemency. The District, like states, should have full control of its local criminal justice system, the most basic respon-sibility of local government. Since the D.C. Council has the authority to enact local laws, District officials are in the best position to grant clemency for local law convictions. My bill would provide all clemency authority not currently reserved to the Mayor under D.C. Code 1–301.76 to the District government and would give D.C. the discretion to establish its own clemency system. This bill is an important step in establishing further autonomy for the District in its own local affairs. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $18,900,932,690,017.04. We’ve added $8,274,055,641,103.96 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT FOR THE TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
HON. JOHN C. CARNEY, JR. 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I submit this statement regarding House passage of the Conference Report for the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. Histori-cally, legislation addressing customs proce-dures and import security has enjoyed bipar-tisan support. Even when this legislation, also known as the Customs Bill, emerged from the Senate, the new bill included language that was supported by a wide range of stake-holders. This legislation authorizes the U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the first time since 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JA8.003 E06JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE12 January 6, 2016 
it was created in 2002. Our rapidly evolving economy requires robust and adaptable trade enforcement, and I’m glad this legislation strengthens our Customs and Border Protec-tion’s ability to fulfill this duty. Without these tools in place we would not be able to meet the demands of our growing global economy. This legislation contains important provisions that will enhance and improve our customs procedures and duty laws. Our outdated cus-toms and border policies would be improved by streamlining rules to stop importers from dodging U.S. antidumping and countervailing duties while adding new protections for intel-lectual property. That being said, while leaders from across the globe were negotiating the largest climate agreement in history, Congress was debating a bill that intentionally bypassed our nation’s ability to address climate change. This legisla-tion provided an opportunity for us to strength-en our commitment to combatting climate change and to hold other nations accountable for their actions—but we let that opportunity slide. Congress cannot continue to pass the buck on this issue, and we should use agree-ments such as this to hold our trade partners to higher standards. That is why I voted against this legislation, and I urge my col-leagues to address these issues. If we do not act now, we set a dangerous precedent for fu-ture agreements. 
f 
HONORING CHUCK SEEMAN FOR HIS LEADERSHIP AT UCFS 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to thank Mr. Chuck Seeman, President and CEO of United Children and Family Services (UCFS) in Norwich, Connecticut for his 20 years of transformative leadership in eastern Connecticut. While Chuck has held command of UCFS, he has strengthened the organiza-tion’s financial stability and has expanded services to make UCFS an exemplary commu-nity health organization serving the Norwich region and beyond. This year, to celebrate National Health Cen-ter Week, UCFS displayed a flag on the Nor-wich town green for every client they have served in the past year. The green was cov-ered with 17,000 flags—a visual reminder of the impact that this organization has on our community, and a testament to Chuck’s lead-ership. That same day, I was pleased to an-nounce that after years of hard work on the part of Chuck and his staff, UCFS had re-ceived ‘‘federally qualified status’’ that will allow them to expand and enhance the excel-lent medical, dental, behavioral, and eldercare services to their patients. This announcement was the culmination of nearly five years of ad-vocacy, and will mean that UCFS will thrive and grow for decades to come. As Chuck retires from his position as CEO this month, I can confidently say that his inno-vative leadership style, dedication, and drive have made a world of difference for families in eastern Connecticut. I am honored to have worked with Chuck to advocate for improved access to healthcare for our neighbors and I thank him for his steadfast commitment and vision. Beyond his laudable contributions to his community’s health and wellness, Chuck has been an approachable and friendly leader, be-loved by the many hundreds of UCFS employ-ees. Although I anticipate that Chuck will con-tinue to contribute to his Connecticut commu-nity after leaving his current position, I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing him a restful retirement, and offering a big thank you for his decades of work advocating for community health in eastern Connecticut. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 1, I was unable to record my presence. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ERNIE GLAVE 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues M
IKEHONDA and A NNA E
SHOO to honor an important member of our community, Mr. Ernie Glave, who passed away on December 22, 2015. Ernie will be re-membered for his dedication to San Jose as both a businessman and to the public, espe-cially veterans. Ernie proudly ran his downtown jewelry shop for over 30 years and was widely known for his exceptional work ethic. Even during the economic recession, while many stores fled to the suburbs or shut down completely, Ernie worked 6 days a week with remarkable enthu-siasm and professionalism. He also took pride in downtown San Jose and was known as a leader in the Small Businessman’s Associa-tion. An Army World War II veteran, Ernie was also a passionate advocate for veterans. He worked hard to keep the San Jose Veterans Day Parade as one of the largest military pag-eants in the Western United States. Dedicated to the United Veterans Council, Ernie often spoke at local veterans events and com-mended their unbreakable bond and commit-ment to country. When we commemorate Me-morial Day at Oak Hill Memorial Park every year, Ernie was always there, always working, always caring. Today, we honor the life of Ernie Glave. Ernie’s commitment to his country and com-munity can only be matched with the strength of his hallmark vise grip. We thank him for his contributions to San Jose and join his loved ones in celebrating his incredible life. He will be deeply missed. IN HONOR OF THE LEGACY OF LATE HARRIS COUNTY COMMIS-SIONER EL FRANCO LEE HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to honor the memory of a noble public servant and trailblazer: Harris County Commissioner El Franco Lee. Elected in 1985, after serving in the Texas House of Representatives for five years, Commissioner Lee became the first African American to sit on the Harris County Commissioners Court. He selflessly served Harris County’s Precinct 1 for more than a quarter-century with excep-tional distinction. Commissioner Lee was not just a holder of public trust but a pioneer and community lead-er. He used his compassion and experience to boldly advocate for his constituents and the betterment of his community. Commissioner Lee will be specifically remembered for his im-passioned advocacy for better healthcare ac-cess and educational opportunities throughout the inner city, as well as his support for the Harris County Precinct One Street Olympics Program. Mr. Speaker, I am fortunate enough to say that I knew and worked alongside Commis-sioner Lee. I believe that when history records the legacy of Commissioner Lee, he will be forever remembered for his caring and candid demeanor as he worked to serve his constitu-ents, his county, as well as his country. 
f 
UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON DE-FEATS FLORIDA STATE AND WINS THE PEACH BOWL 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 6, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago I spoke on the House floor about the brilliant season the Houston Cougars and their coach, Tom Herman, experienced this year. In that speech I mentioned how the Cou-gars had a huge fight coming up on New Year’s Eve against the traditional blue-blood, powerhouse Florida State Seminoles. Well, December 31st and 2015 have come and gone, and the Houston Cougars finished the year 13–1 with a 38–24 victory over the Semi-noles in the Peach Bowl. Coach Tom Herman may be known as an offensive innovator, but this team fought hard on both sides of the ball. The Cougars’ fast- moving and hard-hitting defense rattled Florida State’s offense, while their quick-paced and prolific offense sped past the Seminoles’ de-fense. Folks, this game was one for the ages and solidified this season as one of the great-est in Cougar history. There can’t be enough said about the resiliency and fight this team showed all year. I’m proud to call myself an alumnus and a Houston Cougar for life. The Houston Cougars woke up for the first time in 2016 as Peach Bowl champions and proved to the doubters that they could play with anybody in the country. 2015 started in uncertainty for the program: they were break-ing in a new coach, a new system, and in their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JA8.007 E06JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE13 January 6, 2016 
second year of a new football stadium. But as 2016 gets rolling, the only uncertainty for the Cougars now is where to place all the trophies they collected this year. And that’s just the way it is. SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, January 7, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JANUARY 12 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine defense health care reform. SD–G50 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider the nomi-nation of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services. SD–430 JANUARY 20 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold an oversight hearing to examine Task Force for Business and Stability Operations projects in Afghanistan. SR–232A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JA8.012 E06JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D9 Wednesday, January 6, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 2 p.m., on Monday, January 11, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 19 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4321–4339 were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H100–01 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H102–03 
Reports Filed: A report was filed on January 5, 2016 as follows: H.R. 2347, to amend the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act to increase the transparency of Federal advisory committees, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–386, Part 1). Reports were filed today as follows: H. Res. 581, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1927) to amend title 28, United States Code, to improve fairness in class action litigation (H. Rept. 114–389); and H.R. 451, to ensure the functionality and security of new Federal websites that collect personally iden-tifiable information, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–390).
                       Page H100 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Costello (PA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                              Page H17 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:56 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                                  Page H24 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                        Pages H24, H67 
Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act of 2015: The House agreed to the Tom Price (GA) motion to concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3762, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, by a yea- and-nay vote of 240 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 6.                                                                                         Pages H52–67 
H. Res. 579, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 3762) by a recorded vote of 237 ayes to 177 noes, Roll No. 3, after the previous question was ordered by a yea- and-nay vote of 239 yeas to 175 nays, Roll No. 2. 
                                                                                        Pages H37–51 
SCRUB Act of 2015: The House began consider-ation of H.R. 1155, to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules. Consideration is expected to resume tomorrow, Janu-ary 7th.
                                                                       Pages H67–87 
Agreed to: Foxx amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that adds consideration of unfunded mandates to the Commission’s review of rules; 
                                                                                        Pages H76–77 
Schweikert amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that adds a new subsection (I) under 101(h)(2) requiring the commission to con-sider rules that are limiting or prohibiting govern-ment agencies from adopting technology to improve efficiency and effectiveness; and
                     Pages H77–78 
Walberg amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that directs the Commission to highlight the role regulations have on wage stagna-tion and income inequality by examining the nega-tive impact of regulations on wages, including wages for minimum wage and part-time workers.
     Page H78 
Rejected: Cummings amendment (No. 5 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that sought to strike Title IV of the bill.
                                                                 Pages H79–80 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JA6.REC D06JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD10 January 6, 2016 
Withdrawn: Murphy (FL) amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute (No. 11 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have established an independent advisory committee to review certain regulations, and for other purposes.
                                       Pages H85–87 
Proceedings Postponed: Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 4 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that seeks to strike title II of the bill, eliminating the legislation’s regulatory ‘‘cut-go’’ process, which requires that agencies elimi-nate rules identified by the Regulatory Retrospective Review Commission prior to issuing a new rule; 
                                                                                        Pages H78–79 
Cummings amendment (No. 6 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that seeks to exempt inde-pendent establishments from the requirements of the bill;
                                                                               Pages H80–81 
Cicilline amendment (No. 7 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that seeks to exempt rules made by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the addi-tional provisions of the legislation;
              Pages H81–82 
DelBene amendment (No. 8 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that seeks to create an exemp-tion from regulatory ‘‘cut-go’’ requirements in the case of an emergency;
                                          Pages H82–83 
Cicilline amendment (No. 9 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that seeks to provide that the term ‘‘rule’’ has the meaning given in section 551 of title 5, United States Code, except for a special rule as made by the Secretary of Homeland Security; and
                                                                                Pages H83–84 
Pocan amendment (No. 10 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–388) that seeks to exempt from the bill rules put forth by the FDA for the purposes of consumer safety.
                                                     Pages H84–85 
H. Res. 580, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 712) and (H.R. 1155) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 239 ayes to 176 noes, Roll No. 5, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 241 yeas to 176 nays, Roll No. 4.
                                                                                    Pages H51–52 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H50, H50–51, H51–52, H52, H66–67. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 10 p.m. Committee Meetings 
ARMY FEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM: PART II Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Army Fee Assistance Program: Part II’’. Testimony was heard from Carol Fortine Ochoa, Inspector General, General Services Administration; Gerard Badorrek, Chief Financial Officer, General Services Administration; Stephanie L. Hoehne, Di-rector of Family and Morale, Welfare and Recre-ation, G9, Installation Management Command, U.S. Army; and a public witness. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Rules: Subcommittee on Legislative and Budget Process held a hearing on H.R. 1610, the ‘‘Biennial Budgeting and Enhanced Oversight Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Cole, Price of North Carolina, McClintock, Schrader, and Ribble. FAIRNESS IN CLASS ACTION LITIGATION ACT OF 2015 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1927, the ‘‘Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act of 2015’’. The committee, by record vote of 8–4, granted a structured rule for H.R. 1927. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–38 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In the section 2, the rule provides that a vote on any motion relating to the disposition of the veto mes-sage for H.R. 3762 may be postponed through Janu-ary 25, 2016, as though under clause 8 of rule XX. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JA6.REC D06JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D11 January 6, 2016 
Representatives Cohen, Johnson of Georgia, and Fitzpatrick. ATTENTION NEEDED: MISMANAGEMENT AT THE SBA—THE GAO FINDINGS Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Attention Needed: Mismanage-ment at the SBA—The GAO Findings’’. Testimony was heard from William B. Shear, Director, Finan-cial Markets and Community Investment, Govern-ment Accountability Office. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JANUARY 7, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Acquisition Reform: Experimentation and Agil-ity’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1797, the ‘‘End Neglected Tropical Diseases Act’’; H.R. 3662, the ‘‘Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act’’; and the ‘‘Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Trans-portation Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Transportation Secu-rity Acquisition Reform Act: Examining Remaining Challenges’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Document Production Status Update’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Attention Needed: Mismanagement at the SBA—The Administrator Responds’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Ray-burn. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, business meeting to consider Member access re-quest, 9 a.m., HVC–304. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JA6.REC D06JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD12 January 6, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Monday, January 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, with a vote on confirmation of the nomination, at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, January 7 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 712— Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). Complete consideration of H.R. 1155—SCRUB Act of 2015. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Carney, John C., Jr., E11 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E11 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E12 Green, Al, Tex., E12 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E12 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E11 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E12 Poe, Ted, Tex., E12 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E10 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E9, E9 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E10 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E9 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E11 Yarmuth, John A., Ky., E10 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jan 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06JA6.REC D06JAPT1smartinez on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST