Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6241 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2016 No. 164 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, November 16, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHN J. D
UNCAN , Jr. to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, it has been 32 years since we have experienced a single month with a temperature below the 20th century average. We are now all but certain that 2016 will be the single hottest year on record, replacing 2015 and 2014, which both held that title before it. As we stand here today, representa-tives from 195 nations, including our own, are meeting in Morocco to discuss how the world will move forward to im-plement the historic Paris Agreement forged last December. Yet, in that same 1-year span, the President-elect used his campaign for our country’s highest office to promote policy ideas that would not only pol-lute the planet, but expose millions of Americans and billions worldwide to loss of life, livelihood, and property. If these dangerous ideas are put into action, they will imperil the unique and fragile ecosystems that make the United States a wonder of the world, and saddle our economy with poten-tially trillions of dollars in increased health care, disaster recovery, and ad-aptation costs, all while preventing American businesses and consumers from realizing the economic opportuni-ties of a low-carbon economy. We have heard from the next Com-mander in Chief that climate change is a hoax concocted by the Chinese, which is beyond absurdity. Climate change is real, it is happening, and it is man-made. The science is settled with 97 percent of climate scientists in strong, steadfast agreement. Just take a look at the last month here in the United States. In October, more than 5,600 all-time high tempera-ture records were set. Only 350 all-time cold records happened in the same time span. In a stable climate, these num-bers would be about even. We do not have a stable climate. Our next President has also claimed that climate change action is costing our country money when, in fact, the opposite is true. Independent analysis has demonstrated that President Obama’s Clean Power Plan could save the United States more than $20 billion a year in decreased costs related to cli-mate impacts, and will put more than $80 a year back into the pockets of ev-eryday Americans in decreased energy costs by 2030; not to mention the eco-nomic activity that would be spurred by the creation of thousands of new clean energy jobs. The Federal Government has also found that damage to human health, agricultural losses, decreased bio diver-sity, and the physical impacts of sea level rise, drought, wildfires, and other climate impacts will cost more than $150 billion a year in the United States alone. We have heard talk about bringing back coal and creating new coal jobs, like it is flipping a switch. The fact is, though, that the economic decline in the coal industry and in the coal com-munities is driven by market forces, not government policy. While coal is still our dirtiest form of fuel, it is no longer our cheapest. Nat-ural gas has now overtaken coal and, in some cases, even renewables like wind and solar have become cost-competi-tive. Coal is in decline because, in-creasingly, consumers no longer want it. And thanks to technological ad-vances in the industry, it takes fewer people to mine more coal. Coal jobs in West Virginia have been declining since the fifties, long before any exist-ing climate policy. At the same time, as extractive in-dustries continue to slash jobs and profits, the solar industry alone has more than doubled its domestic work-force in the last 5 years and now em-ploys more people than coal. Jobs in renewable energy exist. They are in-creasingly available, they pay well, and they cannot be outsourced. Finally, there has been talk about canceling the historic Paris Agreement and reneging on our international pledges to join the world in acting on climate change. Doing so would abdi-cate our position as a global leader, and it would allow our international ri-vals like China to set the terms of the new global economy to benefit them, at the expense of our people and our busi-nesses. The fact is, our climate is changing and will only continue to do so. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.000 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6242 November 16, 2016 
cannot afford inaction. We cannot af-ford to undo the progress we have al-ready made. I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up for coastal communities, farmers, vulnerable peo-ple all over the world, and future gen-erations to not fall victim to the self- serving propaganda from those who seek to profit by polluting the world. To defend the work we have done, we must meet the challenge of the global call to act on climate. Regardless of who sits in the Oval Office, we must continue to fight for commonsense ac-tion in Congress that will address the pressing environmental threats of today in order to create a more sus-tainable future for tomorrow. No partisan rhetoric or repudiations of fact can stand in the way of our im-portant work to fight and win this bat-tle. 
f 
TIME IS RUNNING OUT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, time is running out to do right by our retired coal miners and their widows. When they went down into the mines, they were made a promise: When you retire, you will have good pensions and healthcare ben-efits. They literally put their lives on the line to put food on their table and power our nation, but now that prom-ise is in jeopardy. At the end of the year, the healthcare benefits for many miners and their widows will dry up, and their pensions could end soon as well. These families are worried about making ends meet, and they are going into the holidays with great uncertainty about what the new year will bring. We have a solution. It is called the Coal Healthcare and Pension Miners Protection Act, legislation which I am proud to cosponsor. It is a bipartisan bill, and a similar bill is actually pend-ing in the Senate. Congress needs to act to fulfill this promise. Our miners have done so much for our country. They mined the coal that made the steel that built the skyscrapers and won world wars. These miners and their families deserve no less than what they worked their en-tire lives to earn: the peace of mind that comes with a pension. I urge my colleagues to keep the promise and support this important legislation. Time is running out to stand up for our miners and their fami-lies. 
RELIEF FROM PRESIDENTIAL MIDNIGHT RULES  
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, in just 64 days, a new Presi-dent will be sworn in. That is 64 days for the current President, President Obama, to jam through new regula-tions; new regulations that will hurt our families, kill our jobs, and con-tinue damaging our economies. We saw that just this morning when his administration released the final environmental study for the stream buffer zone rule. This rule continues the administration’s war on coal and will take it even further down the road of killing jobs in West Virginia. Congress and the States have all issued opposition to this rule, but this administration didn’t listen. It is full steam ahead for this radical agenda and overregulation from the Obama ad-ministration. That is why I am proud to support what is known as the Midnight Rules Relief Act. We are voting on it this week. This bill is simple. It gives Congress the authority to review and reject rules that this President, President Obama, or any President issues during the final months of their term. American families and businesses have suffered long enough under this administration’s, this President’s regu-latory onslaught, and they have spoken loud and clear at the polls that they do not want more business as usual from Washington. This administration cannot be al-lowed to force its job-killing regula-tions on the American people after their policies have been so soundly re-jected. I urge my colleagues to join me in standing up against midnight rules and bringing transparency and account-ability back to our Federal agencies. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RAMON ‘‘CHUNKY’’ SANCHEZ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ramon ‘‘Chunky’’ San-chez, an exceptional musician and ac-tivist for the community of San Diego. Chunky Sanchez passed away on Fri-day, October 28, 2016, a few days before his 65th birthday. Chunky Sanchez was born in 1951, in Blythe, California, to Mexican immi-grant parents. He was a talented musi-cian who was taught traditional Mexi-can music by his mother and his un-cles. Chunky Sanchez quickly learned how to sing, play 10 different instru-ments, and compose his own music. In 1969, he attended San Diego State University on a scholarship and began performing with La Rondalla Amerindia de Aztlan, a noted musical group composed of students and profes-sors. Later, Chunky Sanchez became a vocalist for the folklore group Los Alacranes, the Scorpions, which he co- founded along with his brother, Ri-cardo. They recorded their first album in 1977. Through his music, he would tell the story of the Chicano movement and of the Mexican American bicultural expe-rience. Chunky Sanchez was so well re-ceived that labor leader Cesar Chavez would often invite him to play at his union rallies. Chunky Sanchez was also an incred-ibly active member of the San Diego community. In his song ‘‘Rising Souls,’’ he sang that he needed and we needed ‘‘to educate, not incarcerate, so that humanity will shine.’’ During his lifetime, he embodied these lyrics as he worked with local youth as a coach, an educator, a youth center director, and a gang interven-tion counselor. His passion and care for the community garnered numerous awards and honors from organizations across California and throughout the city of San Diego. Chunky Sanchez is best known for his song ‘‘Chicano Park Samba,’’ which narrated the struggle for and the suc-cessful creation of Chicano Park in San Diego. A city historic landmark, Chi-cano Park honors the history of the Chicano Mexican people throughout their monumental works and murals and sculptures and earthworks, and an architectural piece. Ramon ‘‘Chunky’’ Sanchez will be missed by his family, his wife, his five children, many grandchildren, and the San Diego community. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the lyrics of the ‘‘Chicano Park Samba.’’ 
CHICANO PARKSAMBA  (By: Los Alacranes Mojados: Chunky San-chez, Ricardo Sanchez, Mario Aguilar, Marco Antonio Rodriguez) In the year the year 1970, in the city of San Diego, under the Coronado Bridge, lied a little piece of land, a piece of land that the community of Logan Heights wanted to make into a park . . . A park where all the chavalitos could play in so they wouldn’t have to play in the street and get run over by a car . . . a park where all the viejitos could come and just sit down and watch the sun go down in the tarde . . . a park where all the familias could come and just get together on a Sunday after-noon and celebrate the spirit of life itself. But the city of San Diego said, ‘‘Chale. We’re going to make a highway patrol sub-station here, man.’’ So on April 22nd, 1970, la raza of Logan Heights and other Chicano commu-nities of San Diego got together, and they organized . . . and they walked on the land, and they took it over with their picks and their shov-els and they began to build their park. And today, that little piece of land under the Coronado Bridge is known to every-body . . . as Chicano Park . . . ¡O´rale! It began in 1970, under the Coronado Bridge En mi barrio, in San Diego Where my people began to fight For Chicano Park, for Chicano Park Under the bridge, under the bridge, under the bridge . . . We shall continue to live my brother, We shall continue to fight my friend For Chicano Park, under the bridge . . . ¡Raza!, ¡Que vivan, que vivan, Los barrios unidos! Por Ramon ‘Chunky’ Sanchez. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.002 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6243 November 16, 2016 
THE SENATE MUST REFORM CLOTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, the American people have given our 45th President and the 115th Congress a clear mandate to revive our economy, secure our borders, restore our Na-tion’s sovereignty, reinstate our Bill of Rights, and uphold the rule of law. Moreover, they have given us majori-ties in both Houses of Congress to do so. There is no excuse for failure. President Obama and Secretary Clin-ton set a positive tone for this peaceful transition of power, a tone no doubt shared by many Members of Congress and many Americans of good will who did not vote on the prevailing side. This represents the best of American statesmanship. Yet, we have also heard reactionary elements of the Democratic Party make a vicious pledge to thwart this mandate and destroy this President. One need look no further than Senator R
EID’s disgraceful diatribe on Friday to realize that these threats far exceed the lunatic fringe now violently rioting in our streets. b1015 They reach directly into the Halls of Congress. To fulfill the mandate of the Amer-ican people, we will need to deliberate wisely and in good faith, with all sides participating in the discussion and all voices heard. But, ultimately, those de-liberations must result in laws to ful-fill that mandate. The agenda is daunting, and time is fleeting. The greatest single obstacle to this era of reform is the 60-vote threshold to invoke cloture in the Senate, and I rise today to urge the Senate to finally reform it. Given the record of abuse of this rule and avowed intentions of many in that body, nothing will change legislatively unless the Senate Repub-lican majority takes action when they organize in January. All the reforms that the American people called for, that the President will request, and that the House will pass will be stopped dead in the Senate. Now, I don’t argue to abandon this rule, but rather to restore it to its original purpose. Cloture is rooted in a sound and ancient parliamentary prin-ciple that, as long as one-third of a de-liberative body wants to debate an issue, that debate should continue. After all, a minority exists to convince the majority of its way of thinking. This is the essence of deliberation. But this principle assumes it is an actual debate where Members are talk-ing to one another, and it requires that the debate be germane to the question at hand and that it is not dilatory. That is how cloture started. But over the 20th century, it degenerated into a 60-vote administrative threshold just to consider legislation. Ironically, a procedure designed to protect debate has now morphed into a procedure that very effectively prevents debate. The two Houses of Congress are de-signed to disagree with each other, but once the House and the Senate inde-pendently exercise their best judgment on a particular matter, there is a con-ference process developed over cen-turies to resolve their differences. This process cannot function if one House simply refuses to consider the other House’s work. The modern notion of cloture pre-vents that process and the system breaks down. During the last several Congresses, the House has sent hun-dreds of bills—including the appropria-tions bills that fund this government— to the Senate; but instead of amending their ideas into those bills or sending us bills of their own, they have simply refused to consider them by a minority denying cloture. Now, some Senators have said that this mechanism is necessary to pre-serve collegiality and encourage com-promise, but how can you have collegiality when one side simply re-fuses to talk to the other? How can you have compromise when the matter to be compromised cannot be taken up and discussed? Others have said that since most leg-islation grows the powers of govern-ment, it is an effective brake on that tendency. It is true this rule effectively blocks bad legislation. It also very ef-fectively blocks good legislation that is necessary to reverse this trend. The current cloture rule provides a ratcheting effect that locks in every expansion of government over the past century. Now, some Republicans have said that it has been most useful when they have been in the minority. I have to ask them, do you want to be a success-ful majority or a successful minority? You cannot be both as long as cloture exists in its current form. Voters elected Republican majorities in both Houses of Congress, and they expect action. They will get it from the President and from the House. But in order for the Senate to rise to this oc-casion, it must reform its cloture rule when it organizes in January. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO PALM SPRINGS POLICE OFFICERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to cele-brate the lives of Palm Springs Officers Jose ‘‘Gil’’ Vega and Lesley Zerebny and to support the incredible law en-forcement officers in my district. It is important to tell their story and for-ever record their heroism in our na-tional R
ECORD . Officers Vega and Zerebny were, trag-ically, shot and killed in the line of duty last month while responding to what seemed like a routine domestic disturbance in Palm Springs, Cali-fornia. Officer Vega lived by the mantra of ‘‘To Serve and Protect.’’ He graduated from Indio High School and joined the force in Palm Springs in 1982. He was always witty, quick to tell a joke and to offer guidance to new officers. He was an inspiration to friends, family, and countless people who knew him. The day he died, he was only 2 months away from retiring after 35 years of service. He volunteered to pick up a shift on that day—on his day off. He is survived by his wife, Susana, nine children, and many grandchildren. Officer Lesley Zerebny was new to the force, with a lifetime of service. She showed a passion for law enforce-ment and service her entire life, no doubt inherited from her father, a Cali-fornia Highway Patrol officer. She was raised in Hemet, California, and at-tended West Valley High School. As a young girl, she always stood up to bul-lies to protect others and for justice. She was also known for her pranks and her fun-loving spirit. Officer Zerebny was a mother of a 4- month-old daughter, Cora. She had just returned from maternity leave when she was killed. She is survived by her husband Zack, a Riverside County Sheriff’s Department officer, and by baby Cora. Officer Vega and Officer Zerebny were two of California’s finest. Their lives of service and spirit of commu-nity embody the values of law enforce-ment officers across our great Nation. Each day, men and women like Lesley and Gil wake up, kiss their families good-bye, and go to work knowing full well the risks they take to keep us safe. Spouses, children, and parents wonder if they will ever return that day. Law enforcement officers see danger and they don’t run from it; they run to-ward it to protect others. We are safer because of them. They and their fami-lies deserve our utmost gratitude for their service. So on behalf of the people of Califor-nia’s 36th Congressional District, my wife, Monica, and my family, I want to thank Officer Vega and Officer Zerebny and their families for their ultimate sacrifice. Our hearts are with you, and our hearts are with all law enforce-ment brothers and sisters during their time of mourning. We mourn with you, and we continue to offer our deepest gratitude for your service. Your dedica-tion and the risks you take each and every day will never be forgotten. Officer Vega and Officer Zerebny, end of watch, October 8, 2016. f 
WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE IN AFGHANISTAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I have been on the floor so many times over the last year or so talking about the 16 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.004 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6244 November 16, 2016 
years of war in Afghanistan and the waste of money, but, more impor-tantly, the waste of life. The titles that I am going to share with the House today have appeared in October and November in articles, na-tional articles, about the failed policy in Afghanistan. I would like to share those very quickly. ‘‘U.S. Pledges Another $800 Million to Afghanistan Despite Rampant Corrup-tion.’’ ‘‘Four Americans Die in Suicide Blast At U.S. Base in Afghanistan; 17 Others Wounded.’’ These are headlines, Mr. Speaker. ‘‘Latest Afghan Attack Raises Per-plexing Questions on Security.’’ Another title: ‘‘The U.S. Spent Bil-lions Building Roads in Afghanistan. Now Many of Them Are Beyond Re-pair.’’ Another title: ‘‘Inspector General: Pentagon Must Explain Afghan ‘Ghost Soldier’ Problems. Funding for Afghan Military Wasted on Non-Existent Sol-diers.’’ Mr. Speaker, 200,000 Afghanistan ghosts that the taxpayers of America have been paying for their services, and they don’t even exist. When I read that, I wrote a letter to the Defense Secretary, Ash Carter, and I said to Secretary Carter: Please ex-plain how much money did we pay to the ghosts that don’t even exist? How long have we been paying the ghosts that don’t exist? We are talking about 200,000 Afghan soldiers that don’t even exist. Mr. Speaker, I do not understand why the House of Representatives does not have a debate on our policy regarding Afghanistan. How much longer can a nation that is $19.8 trillion in debt— that is America, $19.8 trillion in debt— and how many more billions of dollars can we keep putting into the black hole of Afghanistan and keep losing our young men and women in a country that is never going to change? It goes back to Alexander the Great. It goes back to the British. It goes back to the Russians. Anyone who has ever gone into that country known as Afghanistan has eventually left, and they knew there was nothing they could change. Not America, though. We have been there 16 years. We don’t even debate it on the floor of the House. We will be passing a DOD funding bill pretty soon, and there will be billions of dollars going to Afghanistan and there will be very little debate on it. There are those on the Democratic side and the Repub-lican side, Mr. Speaker, who do care about our troops, who do care about the wasted money, and who do care about a policy that has no end to it. It is not fair to our men and women in uniform. They deserve better from this Congress. It is our constitutional duty that we debate policy that sends our young men and women to die. Yet we do not debate it. It just goes on and on. This poster that I brought with me today, Mr. Speaker, before I close, I have signed over 11,000 letters to fami-lies and extended families who have lost loved ones in Afghanistan and Iraq. Recently, we have had seven Americans killed in Afghanistan. I do not understand why we are so void of a debate. James Madison would have been very disappointed, Mr. Speaker. It was Madison who said that it is the legislative branch that will debate and vote on war, not the executive branch. But we have abdicated our responsi-bility to the President and let the President decide what the foreign pol-icy should be and how we should use our men and women in uniform. That is a sad day for America. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the House for this time. I close by asking God to please bless our men and women in uniform, to please bless the families of our men and women in uniform and hold in His loving arms those young Americans who have given their life for this country. God bless America. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF JAMES BARLOW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of a dedi-cated teacher, mentor, and public serv-ant, Mr. James Barlow. Many of us in public service can name a person who inspired us or clear-ly remember an experience that ignited our interest in the important issues that are shaped through politics and government. For thousands of Orego-nians, that spark was Mr. Barlow. Born in Portland, Oregon, in 1929, Mr. Barlow earned his bachelor’s and mas-ter’s degrees from Oregon State Uni-versity. He taught social studies in the Beaverton School District in Oregon’s First Congressional District from 1962 until 2005. He always made his class-rooms laboratories of curiosity. Some of his best lessons didn’t take place in a classroom at all. They took place on the floor of the Model Presi-dential Nominating Conventions start-ed by Mr. Barlow in the mid-1960s. Every 4 years for four decades, thou-sands of high school students from all over the State would gather, usually in Portland, from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. They would step into the role of State dele-gations, vote on platform issues, cast ballots for the nomination, and broker and negotiate with other delegations. They got ready for this by studying their assigned State’s demography, his-tory, politics, and economy. Mr. Bar-low and his colleagues prepared the students for months, leading class dis-cussions on candidates in the pri-maries, the American political land-scape, and the intricacies of delegate math. Student participants had to be sharp and organized. I know this first-hand because my son participated in the 2004 Model Convention and took preparatory evening classes with Mr. Barlow at Portland State University. These Model Conventions were no simple class simulations. Major Presi-dential candidates came by and spoke to the crowd of student delegates. Rob-ert Kennedy, Nelson Rockefeller, George McGovern, Hubert Humphrey, Jesse Jackson, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Michael Dukakis, and Bill Clinton all stopped by at a Model Convention as they cam-paigned ahead of Oregon’s Presidential primaries. b1030 The model conventions exemplified Mr. Barlow’s leadership, enthusiasm, and imagination, but former students know that he also connected with and motivated his students in smaller, quieter ways as well. His psychology, philosophy, and current affairs courses were legendary at Aloha High School, where he spent most of his career. He inspired students to think beyond tests and essays, he challenged them to think critically, and he encouraged them to consider new perspectives on information they consumed. As a teacher, he saw the potential in every student. With his dry wit, his deep knowledge, and genuine enthu-siasm for his subject matter, Mr. Bar-low created a learning atmosphere where everyone felt, and everyone was, welcome and valuable. There was something that helped with the welcoming—doughnuts. Long before doughnuts became a craze in Portland, Mr. Barlow was bringing them to his classes and to his col-leagues in the social studies office. He would announce: Coffee and doughnuts will be served in the starlight room. Now, there was no starlight room, but the phrase evoked a gracious and re-laxed lounge space. The school year in the Portland metro area is typically rainy, and fall and winter school days often start before dawn, but his words and his treats were always a welcome pick-me-up. The day after Mr. Barlow’s death, scores of his former students and col-leagues observed ‘‘coffee and doughnut day,’’ going out for a sugary bite and a cup of coffee and posting pictures on social media. It was touching to all who knew him. The life and work of Mr. James Bar-low matter also to those who never knew him. That is because he taught thousands of Oregonians to be active, engaged, and sharp-thinking partici-pants in our democracy. Whether they went on to work in public service or not, and no matter what their party af-filiation, the students of Mr. Barlow became better citizens because of his contributions. Mr. Speaker, I hope we can all be in-spired by Jim Barlow’s example as we serve in this remarkable House of Rep-resentatives. I offer my sincere condo-lences to his family, especially to his wife of 47 years, Susan, his former col-leagues, and to the generations of stu-dents who mourn his loss. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:00 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.006 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6245 November 16, 2016 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENTS OF REPRESENTATIVES JOE PITTS AND MIKE FITZPATRICK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize two friends, two Members of the Penn-sylvania delegation, here in the House, Representative J
OEPITTS and Rep-resentative M
IKEFITZPATRICK , on their upcoming retirements and for their service to this Nation and to their con-stituents. It has been an honor to serve with both of these gentlemen over the past 8 years. Representative P
ITTS’ retirement caps a long career of service to his Na-tion. His career started as an educator, teaching math, science, English, phys-ical education, along with coaching basketball. He also served 5
1⁄2years in the United States Air Force with three tours in Vietnam. After being commissioned as a second lieutenant, he was promoted to the rank of captain by the time he left the service. After settling in Pennsylvania, Rep-resentative P
ITTS continued to teach until he felt the call of public service, launching a 24-year career as a Penn-sylvania State representative, and serving as chairman of the Committee on Labor Relations and later of the Ap-propriations Committee. J
OEwas sworn in as a United States Representative in January of 1997, the beginning of a 20-year career here in Washington, D.C., and in serving the residents of Pennsylvania’s 16th Con-gressional District. His ten terms here in the House of Representatives have included time spent chairing multiple subcommittees, including the Health Subcommittee for his last two terms here in Congress. I have greatly enjoyed time spent with J
OEduring our weekly Bible stud-ies, and I wish him and his wife, Ginny, the best of luck in retirement. I also want to recognize the retire-ment of my friend and colleague, Rep-resentative M
IKEFITZPATRICK of Penn-sylvania’s Eighth Congressional Dis-trict. Like Representative P
ITTS, MIKEhas dedicated much of his life to public service and was first elected in 1995 as a Bucks County commissioner, a posi-tion he served in for 10 years. During that time, he showed a commitment to bringing jobs to Bucks County, Penn-sylvania, creating the county’s first enterprise zone, which eventually cre-ated thousands of local jobs. M
IKEarrived in Washington, D.C., as the representative of the Common-wealth’s Eighth Congressional District in January of 2005 and later worked to bring the national veterans’ cemetery to Bucks County. More recently, he has served as the chairman of the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financ-ing. Personally, I have bonded with M
IKE over our shared ties to the Boy Scouts of America. We are both longtime Boy Scouts and fellow Eagle Scouts. MIKE’s service to scouting includes time spent as president of the Bucks County Coun-cil of the Boy Scouts of America. I wish Representative M
IKE F
ITZPATRICK a great retirement, along with his wife, Kathy, and their chil-dren. Congratulations, J
OEand M IKE. It has been an honor serving with you. 
f 
MIDNIGHT RULES RELIEF ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Midnight Rules Relief Act, which would halt President Obama’s ability to rush through politi-cally motivated regulations during the remainder of his term. It is clear that this administration will do everything possible to stop President-elect Donald Trump by jam-ming through as many backdoor regu-lations as possible before the clock runs out. Last week, the American people spoke. They made it clear that they want to get our economy moving again. President-elect Trump must have the opportunity to enact policies without regulatory hindrance from the previous administration. Mr. Speaker, since taking office, the President has ignored Article I of the Constitution and the will of the Amer-ican people. For the past 8 years, the President has used his pen and phone to create a fourth branch of govern-ment, imposing executive orders and Federal rules and regulations to ben-efit his own radical political agenda. In 2015 alone, the Federal Govern-ment implemented 3,400 regulations on Americans that cost us $1.89 trillion in lost productivity and growth—a cost that averages nearly $15,000 per Amer-ican household. These regulations from unelected, unaccountable government bureaucrats are unfair and unjust. Mr. Speaker, my constituents in Mis-souri are desperate for greater security and economic opportunity. This comes with elevating, not undermining, the spirit of self-governance for which our Nation was founded. As a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives—the people’s House— we must pass the Midnight Rules Relief Act to ensure that we are protecting the American people from reckless reg-ulations that will continue to cripple our economy and target the pocket-books of all Americans. Transparency is critical when we pass important legislation that will di-rectly affect our constituents. If the President has the ability to impose major regulations without the nec-essary time for congressional scrutiny and oversight, we are not doing our jobs to represent and protect our con-stituents. Mr. Speaker, I have spent my time in Congress fighting for our families, fighting to repeal regulations that are hindering business growth, and fight-ing to provide a voice for the voiceless. It is our duty to pass this legislation and continue to fight against the Presi-dent’s irresponsible agenda and give our new President, Donald Trump, the support that he has earned. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 39 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Thank You, O God, for giving us an-other day. Bless the Members of the people’s House with focus and purpose as they gather these days before Thanksgiving. May their efforts give true cause for Americans to gather to give thanks. In our world there are many places where peace is lacking and cause for thanksgiving rare. Send Your spirit of peace upon our world. Help us all see in those we view as enemies our brothers and sisters. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. CICILLINE led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
PASS MENTAL HEALTH REFORM BEFORE THIS SESSION ENDS (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.008 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6246 November 16, 2016 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, at noon today, back in my district in Pennsylvania, there is a fu-neral service for Scott Bashioum, a brave policeman who died last week. His partner, James Saieva, was criti-cally injured. Ultimately, the shooter died of suicide. Had we had a functional mental health system, lives could have been saved. Families could have been spared the mourning. The shooter’s background is all too familiar: prior criminal convictions, mental health issues, and not taking medications. How many more lives will be lost be-fore we act? This broken Federal and State ap-proach to treating mental illness will not fix itself. It must be overhauled with the leadership of a new office of Assistant Secretary of Mental Health and Substance Use; changes to HIPAA laws that currently block families from helping, and fixing the crisis shortage of providers and hospitals. Waiting will not work. Token or su-perficial changes won’t work. Con-tinuing to fund the current mess won’t work. If anyone thinks it does, then I suggest you get on the phone and ex-plain this to the officer’s widow and children that everything is just fine. Or the Senate can act and pass the changes we passed in H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Cri-sis Act, which the House passed with near unanimous vote in July. Lives are at stake. Time is running short; and for Officer Bashioum’s family, time has run out. 
f 
HONORING THE LEGACY OF STAN-FORD LIPSEY, BUFFALO NEWS PUBLISHER (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the legacy of longtime Buffalo News publisher, Stanford Lipsey. Mr. Lipsey, a Pulitzer Prize-winning jour-nalist, will be most remembered for his significant contributions to the field of journalism. As the Buffalo News pub-lisher, he saved it from closure, re-vamped its content and quality, and appointed the first woman editor in Buffalo News history. Mr. Lipsey has also been a tireless advocate for projects that have con-tributed to Buffalo’s revitalization— from leading efforts to preserve our ar-chitectural treasures to securing fund-ing for our prestigious cancer center. He donated over 2 million books to low- income children and invested in projects like Re-Tree Western New York that helped to reforest our neigh-borhood parks after a surprise October snowstorm. Mr. Lipsey’s vision for Buffalo was one of hope. He recognized the city’s potential, and he helped people of the city to realize their own potential. Al-though he was a native of Omaha, Ne-braska, he loved his adopted city of Buffalo, New York. As we continue to work towards a better Buffalo, I hope to honor his dedication to our city. f 
MINNESOTA’S LENDERS HELPING TOMORROW’S BIG BUSINESS (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and thank the many banks and credit unions in Minnesota’s Sixth District who were named a top Minnesota Lend-er by the U.S. Small Business Adminis-tration. These lenders include BankVista, Woodlands National Bank, Minnesota Business Finance Corporation, KleinBank, and the Central Minnesota Credit Union. Promoting small business is vastly important to our State’s success. Our great State of Minnesota would not be where it is today without the contribu-tions of these banks and credit unions. Today’s small business is tomorrow’s big business. Great Minnesota compa-nies like Medtronic and Best Buy exist and have become the powerhouse com-panies they are today because of the vital support of local lenders. Our community banks and credit unions ensure that business owners and entrepreneurs have the funds necessary to build a business from an idea, cre-ating new jobs and opportunities for Minnesotans from all walks of life. We must never underestimate the impor-tance of our community banks and credit unions, and I am proud to stand here today to recognize their work. Again, congratulations, and thank you for being an important part of our community and our State. 
f 
REJECT STEVE BANNON’S WHITE HOUSE APPOINTMENT (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, earlier today, I led 168 of my colleagues in sending a letter to President-elect Don-ald Trump, asking that he rescind his decision to appoint alt-right leader Steve Bannon to serve as White House Chief Strategist. This appointment un-dermines the President-elect’s pledge to bring our country together. As executive chairman of Breitbart News, Mr. Bannon repeatedly and ag-gressively pushed stories that promote anti-Semitism, xenophobia, and rac-ism. During an interview last summer, Mr. Bannon bragged that Breitbart was ‘‘the platform for the alt-right,’’ a movement that upholds White nation-alism while strongly rejecting diver-sity in any form. Under his leadership, Breitbart has referred to a leading Republican col-umnist as a renegade Jew. He sug-gested that young Muslims in the West are a ticking time bomb. He declared that the Confederate flag proclaims a glorious heritage, and he praised the alt-right as a smarter version of old- school racist skinheads. I hope that the President-elect and Republican Members of Congress will join us in good faith in rejecting Mr. Bannon’s appointment and the ugly, di-visive message it sends to so many across our country. f 
THE LATEST COLOMBIA FARC AGREEMENT (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, despite some modest revisions in Co-lombia’s new deal with the FARC, a U.S.-designated terrorist organization, this is still a sweetheart deal for these narcoguerrillas. Under this deal, FARC members will still be allowed to run for public office; and I worry that while in office, FARC officials will undermine the progress made in Colombia. We have already seen a significant increase in drug trafficking from Co-lombia since negotiations with the FARC began, and there should be no doubt that the FARC, one of the larg-est narcoterrorist groups in the world, is responsible for this increase. What kind of increase in drug traf-ficking should we expect if these narco-terrorists are given even more power and more influence in Colombia’s gov-ernment? Mr. Speaker, the Colombian people rejected the prior FARC agreement, and I believe that their concerns must be addressed before any revised agree-ment is finalized. President Santos will be here in Washington to meet with Members of Congress tomorrow, and I hope he ad-dresses our concerns. 
f 
REJECT STEVE BANNON’S WHITE HOUSE APPOINTMENT (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleague, Congressman C
ICILLINE , and 158 others in urging President-elect Trump to dismiss the notion of Steve Bannon as being sta-tioned outside the Oval Office. I have been deeply disturbed by the increase in hate speech and intimida-tion directed at people based on color, religion, gender, and sexual orienta-tion, as well as outbreaks of violence. Oregon’s largest school district just sent a message home with the children dealing with families because of the problems there and the need to unite to prevent further activity. One thing we can all agree on is that the protection of all our citizens, espe-cially our children, is not a partisan issue. Violence and destruction of pub-lic property accomplishes nothing. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.010 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6247 November 16, 2016 
hope we can agree to send a loud, di-rect, forceful, and clear message reject-ing intimidation, harassment, and hate speech; and we can start by rejecting Steve Bannon. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PASTOR BILL RICKETTS OF THE PRINCE AVE-NUE BAPTIST CHURCH (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Pastor Bill Ricketts, who has faith-fully served the Lord for 43 years at Prince Avenue Baptist Church, a treas-ure in the 10th District of Georgia. He has been in ministry since 19 years of age and has lived in accordance with the Word of God and in the service of others. Under his leadership, the church has literally flourished and become a cor-nerstone of the Christian faith in the Athens, Georgia, community and far beyond just Athens. Today, literally hundreds of pastors and missionaries have emerged from his 43 years as pas-tor at Prince Avenue. It truly is an in-spiring story, and he is leaving a leg-acy that deserves the highest recogni-tion. Mr. Speaker, today I congratulate Pastor Bill Ricketts on his retirement as senior pastor at Prince Avenue Bap-tist Church. I am extremely grateful to have such a devoted man of God in our community and I am sincerely grateful for his friendship and his service. I give my best to Pastor Bill; his wife, Darla; and his family as they begin this new chapter. May the spirit of God continue to bless the Ricketts family and the congregation at Prince Avenue Baptist Church. 
f 
NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK (Ms. ESTY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of National Apprentice-ship Week. In conversations with employers in my district at companies like Ward Leonard in Thomaston and Forum Plastics in Waterbury, I hear about how our businesses struggle to find em-ployees with the right skills. Apprenticeship programs give work-ers the hands-on training they need to close that skills gap. In Connecticut, our community colleges are helping workers get the skills they need to land high-paying, in-demand jobs. But there is more we must do to help both workers and small-business owners. That is why I introduced the TECH Careers Act. This bill will open the door for more Americans to have suc-cessful careers in 21st-century fields and help small businesses access a qualified pool of talented and skilled workers. If we close the skills gap and raise folks up into the middle class, ev-eryone benefits. f 
CONGRATULATING JOHN NIELSEN OF ORANGE COUNTY, CALIFORNIA (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mayor John Nielsen for his service as the chairman of the Orange County Sanitation District Board of Directors. Under John’s leadership, the county expanded its groundwater replenish-ment system, and OCSD made struc-tural changes that allow it to focus on regional wastewater collection, treat-ment, and recycling. John was also instrumental in advo-cating for legislation at the State level to allow water agencies to bottle their potable reused water. California’s 5- year drought has highlighted our need to diversify our water portfolio to en-sure water security, and John’s atten-tion to this issue demonstrates his commitment to the residents of Orange County. I thank John for his hard work and leadership, and I congratulate him on his success. I wish him all the best as he continues to serve our community. 
f 
REJECT STEVE BANNON’S WHITE HOUSE APPOINTMENT (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I hold this dear little book with affec-tion and great respect. I am so proud to be an American who has a country that is based upon this Constitution and, of course, the Bill of Rights. That is why I rise today to raise the question of the ugliness of racism in the aftermath of the Presidential elec-tions as offered by the individuals who prevail. It is true that we now have in the White House an individual that is not befitting of the diversity of this Nation or my city of Houston where there are 98-plus counsel general offi-cers and 98 languages spoken in our schools. Just 2 days after Donald Trump’s election, reports are coming in from across the Nation suggesting a sharp rise in anti-Muslim and anti-immi-grant attacks. Remember, we are a na-tion of laws and a nation of immi-grants. We know that in the Breitbart world that Mr. Bannon has had headlines: Birth control makes women unattrac-tive; hoist it high and proud, the Con-federate flag proclaims a glorious her-itage; after Pulse Club massacre, it is time for gays to come home to the Re-publican Party; birth control makes people crazy. Let me simply say it is time for Mr. Trump to do a major speech to reject this kind of hatred and this kind of re-jection of the American people. Why is there such silence? And why is Mr. Bannon still in the White House? f 
b1215 RECOGNIZING TRAVIS WOOD OF THE WORLD CHAMPION CHICAGO CUBS (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, who says pitchers can’t hit? I rise today to rec-ognize Travis Wood of the World Cham-pion Chicago Cubs, who became the first relief pitcher since 1924 to hit a home run. Born and raised in Little Rock, Trav-is attended Bryant High School, where he starred in baseball and football. He led Bryant to a State championship during his junior season and was Ar-kansas Gatorade Player of the Year in 2004 and 2005. Choosing to go straight to profes-sional baseball out of high school, Travis was drafted 60th overall in the 2005 MLB draft by the Cincinnati Reds. Beginning his career with the Cubs in 2012, Travis soon became a key part of their bullpen and was named to his first All-Star selection in 2013. During the Cubs’ championship 2016 season, Travis posted a 4–0 record with a 2.95 ERA in 77 appearances. Congratulations on a great season, and I look forward to following your continued success. Let’s not wait an-other 100 years. 
f 
ARKANSAS CENTURY FARMING FAMILIES (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, in 2012, the Arkansas Department of Agri-culture began the Arkansas Century Farm Program. This program honors those Arkansas farm families who have owned and farmed the same land for at least 100 years. Since 2012, 297 Arkansas farms and families have been inducted in the Arkansas Century Farm Pro-gram, and on Tuesday, November 1, 2016, an additional 44 families were rec-ognized by the program, including 14 families representing 10 counties in Ar-kansas’s Fourth Congressional Dis-trict. Mr. Speaker, there is something spe-cial to be said for those families that continue to dedicate their time and treasure to the land that has provided for their families over many genera-tions. They wisely manage our natural resources, tend to livestock entrusted to their care, drive our economy for-ward, and pass down a special way of life to future generations. Our farm families know and understand that, if they take care of the land, it will, in turn, take care of them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.023 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6248 November 16, 2016 
I know that the families that have been recognized by the Arkansas Cen-tury Farm Program understand this concept the best. I congratulate these families on their induction into this prestigious program and wish them an-other productive century. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SKILLS OF CENTRAL PENNSYLVANIA AS PAPRS PRO-GRAM OF THE YEAR (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the staff from Skills of Central Penn-sylvania following the recognition of their psychiatric rehabilitation pro-gram being named Program of the Year by the Pennsylvania Association of Psychiatric Rehabilitation Services. The program at Skills of Central Pennsylvania, which is located in Cen-tre County, provides recovery-oriented treatment through psychological edu-cation, skills teaching, and other methods. Those who are eligible for the program either suffer from serious mental illness or moderate-to-severe functional impairment as a result of an illness. The program was nominated and eventually won this recognition from the Pennsylvania Association of Psy-chiatric Rehabilitation Services fol-lowing the efforts of their registered nurses and staff in their integrated care program to handle a physical health crisis that could have resulted in the death of a participant if not for their swift intervention. Mr. Speaker, as a former healthcare professional, I commend the staff of Skills of Central Pennsylvania for their important work for their commu-nity and the surrounding region, help-ing people emerge from what is often the darkest time of their lives. 
f 
HONORING DEPUTY DENNIS RANDALL WALLACE (Mr. DENHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service and memory of Deputy Dennis Randall Wallace, who was shot and killed in the line of duty on November 13, 2016, in Hughson, Cali-fornia. On behalf of our community and this Congress, I would like to offer my deepest condolences to Deputy Wal-lace’s family, friends, and fellow law enforcement officers. Deputy Wallace’s end of watch came when he was fatally wounded this past Sunday while investigating a sus-picious vehicle. As a D.A.R.E. officer, he took great pride in his work with our commu-nity’s youth, helping them stay away from drugs and gangs. Dennis was not only a law enforcement officer, but also a coach and a mentor and a friend to many of these young individuals. Dennis has received countless awards and commendations for his outstanding service to our community. The out-pouring of support from Stanislaus County and our State reflects the love for our fallen hero. Mr. Speaker, please join me in hon-oring the life of Deputy Dennis Wal-lace, who defended and protected our community until his last breath. He made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty. My deepest sympathy goes out to the Stanislaus County Sheriff’s Depart-ment, the Wallace family, and his many loved ones. God bless him al-ways. He will be dearly missed. f 
HONORING OFFICER BLAKE SNYDER (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Offi-cer Blake Snyder, a 33-year-old police officer who was tragically killed in the line of duty in St. Louis County, Mis-souri, on October 6 of this year. Officer Snyder, a longtime resident of Madison County, Illinois, had served as a member of the St. Louis County Police Department for 4 years. His ca-reer in law enforcement was inspired by his brother-in-law and late father- in-law, who both served as police offi-cers. Law enforcement leaders from across the region remember Officer Snyder as a dedicated public servant. St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said he was a ‘‘tremendous police officer,’’ and former St. Louis County Police Chief Ron Battelle said he was highly regarded by his fellow officers and command staff. Before joining the police force, Offi-cer Snyder served on the board of di-rectors for Riverbend Family Min-istries, where he worked to provide a safe environment for children of fami-lies in crisis. Officer Snyder was the 97th law en-forcement officer killed this year. He is survived by his wife and 2-year-old son. May God bless Officer Snyder, his family, and all the first responders who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Please join me in keeping the Snyder family—and all the families of our first responders—in your thoughts and prayers. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DAVIS LOVE III (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Mr. Davis Love III for his induction into the World Golf Hall of Fame. Mr. Love’s impressive golf career spans over four different decades. He has won 21 times on the PGA Tour, in-cluding one major championship at the PGA Championship in 1997, two vic-tories at the Players Championship in 1992 and 2003, and five victories at the Heritage in Hilton Head, South Caro-lina. Further, his outstanding perform-ances gained him a selection to six U.S. Ryder Cup teams—twice as captain. Although Mr. Love is known nation-ally for his professional wins, he is also known in the First Congressional Dis-trict of Georgia for his strong sense of community. Referred to as ‘‘Uncle Davis’’ by locals, Mr. Love stays active in the St. Simons community. When Hurricane Matthew hit, he spent time clearing away tree limbs and providing food to emergency workers. Certainly, he is respected both na-tionally and locally. I am proud to rise today to recognize his great achieve-ments and Mr. Love’s induction into the World Golf Hall of Fame. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania) laid before the House the following communica-tion from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 16, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 16, 2016 at 9:46 a.m.: That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 4511. Appointment: State and Local Law Enforcement Con-gressional Badge of Bravery Board. Federal Law Enforcement Congressional Badge of Bravery Board. John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission. World War I Centennial Commission. United States Semiquincentennial Com-mission. United States Commission on Civil Rights. United States-China Economic Security Review Commission. Creating Options for Veterans’ Expedited Recovery (COVER Commission). With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5711, PROHIBITING THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY FROM AUTHORIZING CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO COMMERCIAL PASSENGER AIR-CRAFT TO IRAN; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5982, MIDNIGHT RULES RELIEF ACT OF 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PE-RIOD FROM NOVEMBER 18, 2016, THROUGH NOVEMBER 28, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.014 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6249 November 16, 2016 
Rules, I call up House Resolution 921 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 921 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 5711) to prohibit the Sec-retary of the Treasury from authorizing cer-tain transactions by a U.S. financial institu-tion in connection with the export or re-ex-port of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment rec-ommended by the Committee on Financial Services now printed in the bill, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-66 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amend-ment thereto, to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services; (2) the further amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, if offered by the Member des-ignated in the report, which shall be in order without intervention of any point of order, shall be considered as read, shall be sepa-rately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for a division of the question; and (3) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5982) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. SEC. 3. On any legislative day during the period from November 18, 2016, through No-vember 28, 2016— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 4. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 3 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. b1230 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on House Resolution 921, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring this rule for-ward on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for the consider-ation of H.R. 5711, to prohibit the Sec-retary of the Treasury from author-izing certain transactions by a U.S. fi-nancial institution in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Re-public of Iran. The rule also provides for the consideration of H.R. 5982, the Midnight Rules Relief Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of de-bate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. It also pro-vides a motion to recommit. Addition-ally, the bill provides for 1 hour of de-bate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Financial Services Committee, with a motion to recommit. On Monday, the Rules Committee heard testimony from the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, B
OB G
OODLATTE ; from Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Sub-committee Ranking Member H
ANK J
OHNSON ; and from the chairman of the Committee on Financial Services, J
EB H
ENSARLING , and Congressman D ENNY  H
ECK. H.R. 5982, the Midnight Rules Relief Act, was marked up and reported by the Judiciary Committee, and it en-joyed discussion at the committee level. The rule also combines H.R. 5715, the No Ex-Im Assistance for Terrorism Act, with H.R. 5711. Both of these bills were approved by the House Financial Services Committee in July. The rule makes in order five amendments to H.R. 5982 from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, and it makes in order the only amendment submitted on H.R. 5711. I am a cosponsor of the Midnight Rules Relief Act, which was authored by my friend DARRELL ISSA of Cali-fornia. This bill addresses a problem that we have seen far too often in the administrations of both parties. As the President’s term draws to a close, we have come to expect a raft of new regulations to be forced upon the American people. We usually see an even greater jump in the number of regulations during the lameduck pe-riod, which is between election day and Inauguration Day. These hurried rules—midnight rules—are too often used to force the political agenda of an outgoing administration on hard-working Americans as a last-ditch at-tempt to implement partisan prior-ities. As we enter a lameduck period after last week’s election, this is a par-ticularly meaningful time to consider this legislation. I think we can agree, regardless of party, the outgoing ad-ministrations should not be rushing to impose burdensome regulations on the American people. Already, we have seen the Obama ad-ministration issue numerous midnight rules, including multiple billion-dollar rules. In fact, this administration has issued or plans to issue at least 180 such rules. Just yesterday, we were presented with a clear example of this problem when the Department of the Interior announced the finalization of a new rule on methane venting and flar-ing. This rule was announced by the Bureau of Land Management in an at-tempt to lower output despite the costs it will impose on energy production and on numerous State regulations al-ready in place. This is just one example of an administration’s rushing to final-ize rules to cement a partisan policy agenda. We have seen this administration in-crease the regulatory burden on fami-lies and businesses by more than $100 billion. The last thing we should do is let them further that burden in the waning days of a lameduck Presidency. However, despite the clear evidence that the current administration is tak-ing advantage of the ability to imple-ment midnight rules, this is not a prob-lem that is unique to only one political party. Lameduck regulations have been abused by both parties, but addressing this issue will help rein in that prac-tice and ensure that Congress can exer-cise proper oversight authority. The Midnight Rules Relief Act would take steps to solve the problem by amending the Congressional Review Act to provide congressional authority to allow CRA resolutions that dis-approve multiple midnight resolutions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.016 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6250 November 16, 2016 
en bloc. Currently, the CRA can only be used for individual regulations. The amended Congressional Review Act would maintain flexibility while incentivizing outgoing administrations to avoid issuing broad and controver-sial midnight regulations. The rule before us today also pro-vides for the consideration of a dif-ferent but equally important bill. H.R. 5711 takes critical steps to protect tax-payers and national security. Under the Iran nuclear deal, which I vocally opposed, President Obama agreed to li-cense the exports of commercial planes. Recently, the Treasury Depart-ment authorized the sale of almost 100 planes for Iran. I can’t believe this is even something we have to talk about here today, but it is a deeply serious issue. The administration has allowed the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism to receive U.S. financing and planes. H.R. 5711 takes the commonsense step of prohibiting the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing U.S. financ-ing in connection with the export of commercial passenger aircraft to Iran. It also makes permanent the financing prohibition for the Export-Import Bank assistance to the Government of Iran. I will say it again: this is just simply common sense. We should not and can-not be in the business of licensing the financing and sale of aircraft to a coun-try that wishes to do us harm. The un-derlying bills that this rule provides consideration for are necessary to pro-tect the American people and to re-store smart policies that will protect us both here and abroad. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I thank my colleague from Georgia for yielding the customary time. The legislation before us today con-tinues the majority’s attempts to un-dermine the actions taken by President Obama. H.R. 5711 would force us to vio-late our international obligations under the Iran nuclear agreement, which was painstakingly negotiated by Secretary of State John Kerry, Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman, and Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz with the permanent members of the U.N. Security Council, plus Germany. I think this is a great mistake by the United States to think that we will un-dermine it and that we have the ability to do that. It is very unlikely, in any event, that should this be undermined and this treaty be overturned that we could put that back together with the same group of people who negotiated it in the first place. In the process, it would put aircraft manufacturers here at home at a competitive disadvantage with their foreign competitors—some-thing I am very much surprised that the majority would even contemplate. This legislation would also continue their attacks on the Export-Import Bank, an economic driver that has helped to create jobs and to grow our economy by expanding American busi-nesses’ access to foreign markets. These attacks stand in stark contrast to the Export-Import Bank’s long his-tory of bipartisan support, including from Presidents all the way back to John Kennedy and Bill Clinton and to Republican Presidents like Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush. Mr. Speaker, instead of advancing this misguided legislation, this Cham-ber should be supporting our local busi-nesses and the good-paying jobs that they create. The majority should also give the Iran nuclear agreement the time to succeed instead of rushing forward with this bill that would already put the U.S. in direct violation of it. As I said earlier, if this agreement fails, we would not likely be able to reapply the sanctions or get the support of the Se-curity Council. If we want to achieve our goal of ensuring that Iran is unable to build a nuclear weapon, this agree-ment remains the best available option for peacefully and verifiably cutting off its pathways. The second bill we are considering today, H.R. 5982, is a sad continuation of the majority’s attempts to delegitimize any actions taken by President Obama. This time, the ma-jority is trying to amend the Congres-sional Review Act and allow Congress to invalidate regulations en bloc that are proposed in the final 60 legislative days of the President’s term. That means that potentially lifesaving measures could be repealed in the blink of an eye without there being any prop-er evaluation or examination of their impacts. Mr. Speaker, the taxpayers expect reasonable and thoughtful governance. They also expect us to uphold the Con-stitution, which clearly states that Presidents have 4-year terms. That means that President Obama is Presi-dent of the United States for a full 4- year term, not a 3
3⁄4-year term. It is a disgrace that President Obama couldn’t even get a hearing on his Su-preme Court nominee, Judge Merrick Garland. This unprecedented derelic-tion of the majority’s responsibilities is symbolic of its failure to respect this President. So many issues deserve our attention in the closing days of Congress, and it is disappointing to me and to so many others that the majority has chosen to prioritize measures—that won’t even be considered in the Senate—just to take parting political shots at Presi-dent Obama. We were elected to get things done, Mr. Speaker, and these bills are really just solutions in search of problems that don’t exist. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I do understand that, yes, our Presi-dents are elected for a full 4 years. I have no problem with that. What I do have a problem with, though, is trying to push bills that cannot make it through these bodies in the proper way and with the proper oversight that Congress is supposed to have. We are set up in Article I of the Constitution as the body that makes the laws and sets the policy, along with Executive who carries out that policy. What we are simply saying is: don’t go around what you can’t get done in Congress and try to do it before you walk out the door. I understand that this is both sides, Mr. Speaker. This is not just this administration; it has been used by both. It just needs to stop. Congress has a role; the Executive has a role; the judiciary has a role. That is why the Founders put it together. This is sim-ply saying: let’s do it the right way. Also, just as a quick note on this issue of the planes to Iran, as a mem-ber of the military currently and also as one who served in Iraq, this is very concerning to me on many levels. Also, the problem that we see with Iran is not about not doing business—it is about the protection of American in-terests and American assets. In fact, this is a bipartisan issue. One of the Fi-nancial Services Committee members from across the aisle, Mr. SHERMAN , ac-tually opposed this, but he actually said this—and it really makes a lot of sense. He said: 
Until Iran Air gets out of the business of supporting terrorism and supporting Assad’s regime in Syria, the United States should not license the sale of aircraft to Iran Air. It is virtually certain that Iran Air will use these aircraft for nefarious purposes. 
We are just saying: put our country in a safe position. We are not talking about denying business, but we are talking about what many of us feel was a very bad decision with the Iran nu-clear deal and about, simply here, just putting us back in an Article I posi-tion. I appreciate the gentlewoman from New York. I think we just need to do our business and just put our interests first, not only here, but also abroad. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the gentlewoman’s courtesy in permitting me to speak on this, and I appreciate the statement that she just made a mo-ment ago in opposing the rule. Mr. Speaker, I want to focus on just one area, which is H.R. 5711, designed to prohibit the transaction with Iran. I couldn’t agree more with my friend on the other side of the aisle, who is managing this issue for the Repub-licans, in that we ought to put Amer-ica’s interests first. That is why the overwhelming majority of independent experts agreed with the Comprehensive Joint Plan of Action, which was de-signed to make it harder and less like-ly that Iran would develop nuclear weapons. Now, who is going to forget Benjamin Netanyahu before us and others who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.018 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6251 November 16, 2016 
were hysterical that Iran was just months away from a nuclear breakout and the threat that that posed? I, for one, agree that I don’t want Iran to have nuclear weapons. I think that would be horrific. It is wrong to put nuclear weapons in their hands with the other cascading effects that could occur if they were to obtain nuclear weapons. That is why the United States—Secretary Kerry—and five other countries worked with us to use the power of our sanctions and inter-national cooperation to make that nu-clear breakout less likely. And what has happened since that agreement was signed and entered into? As a practical matter, Iran has com-plied with what it said it would do, and that nuclear threshold for Iran’s hav-ing the potential of generating nuclear weapons has grown longer. They have reduced the number of centrifuges— less nuclear fissile material. This is what we wanted, and they have done it. b1245 To this point, they have complied. We have complied, for example, by giv-ing them back their own money that was frozen as a result of the events of the Iranian Revolution. This avenue of trying to undermine the agreement—and make no mistake, Republican leadership and a Trump ad-ministration is likely to try to over-turn it altogether—will continue a pat-tern of mismanagement by the United States of our relationship with one of the oldest civilizations in the Middle East. This goes back over 3,000 years. Iranians are not Arabs. They are Per-sians. They have their own interests, their own identity. It is twice as large as Iraq and Afghanistan, more popu-lous, more sophisticated. Pretending that we are going to attack them, as some of the people that Mr. Trump is considering for key positions have fa-vored, would be a nightmare. Remember, the United States over-threw the popularly elected leader of Iran, working with the British in 1953, and installed the Shah on the throne. The United States sided with Saddam Hussein, who we thought was so evil that we upset the order in the Middle East and undertook that disastrous war. We sided with him as he used weapons of mass destruction against the Iranians. Now, who would blame the Iranians, given our history, for not being friend-ly toward the United States? The fact is—and it can be verified by friends of yours who may have visited Iran—that it is actually the country whose people have the most positive feelings toward the United States. After 9–11, there were candlelight vigils in Tehran in sympathy with Americans who were attacked. Now, many people have a cartoon image of the Iranian situation. It is complex. There are some very bad peo-ple in power in Iran, and we need to stand up to them. Many of those people want this deal to fail, just like some hardliners in the United States want it to fail. I don’t think we should serve their interests. Preventing the United States to fol-low through on this agreement, for ex-ample, with enabling them to purchase Boeing planes, not giving us over $17 billion in business, not putting over 100,000 Americans to work and building relationships, I think, is foolish. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, in fact, if the agreement falls apart and the sanctions collapse, they will get their planes. They will just buy Airbus planes, not Boeing. Most importantly, we will be undermining an opportunity to use diplomacy to make the world safer. I have been appalled how difficult it is for us to focus on the big picture. Absolutely push back at some of the bad guys. Stand up to problems that they create. We just reinstituted the sanctions against misbehavior by Iran, and I voted for that yesterday. But don’t undermine an agreement that is working—Iran has already got much of what they wanted out of this deal. If we undermine it, they can walk away. They have got some money, and they can have world opinion on their side and go ahead and develop nuclear weapons. That is crazy. We ought to abide by our agree-ments. We ought to stand up to them where they are wrong. We ought to pro-mote interaction where we can. We ought to work with the very vibrant Iranian American community, which I hope Donald Trump doesn’t deport. They are law-abiding, very effective citizens in the United States. We ought to be working with them to work for the cause of international peace, strengthening the American economy while we make all of us make nuclear weapons less likely and strengthen international cooperation. It was a signal achievement to have China, Russia, Germany, Great Britain, and France work with us on this agree-ment. We should not undercut it. We should honor it. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up a bill that would prohibit lob-byists from serving on President-elect Trump’s transition team. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, these bills will be going nowhere in the Senate, and we should be happy about that. We shouldn’t be frittering away the closing days of this session of Con-gress with legislation designed to delegitimize the work of our President. There are major issues that face our country that the American people are crying out for us to address, from our crumbling infrastructure to the sky-rocketing cost of education. We were elected to solve these problems, Mr. Speaker. These bills, again, utterly fail to do anything about any of that. Our constituents deserve more; the tax-payers deserve more. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciate a good debate. This rule actually deals with two. One is the midnight rule, which again has been abused by both sides. Also, as it was just spoken of on the floor, there is this issue of the funds for the planes for Iran. Let me just say, I would love to go back and discuss the Iran deal that was put into place. I have been on this floor many times op-posing that deal. We can talk about it. I don’t think it was ever put into place to stop. Actually, there is this issue that they have complied. I just find it laughable that they have complied. They have tested rockets. They have sent people overseas. They have not complied with this. There is one thing that I agree with that the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) said just a moment ago. I agree with him when he said: Yes, Iran has got everything they want. They have got the money. They keep going. Their centrifuges are spinning. I will just say this about this issue right here: If we could actually look at this, I will support Iran when Iran is willing to be a part of the world cul-ture and starts recognizing Israel’s right to exist. I will support Iran when they are signing their agreement and not shouting ‘‘death to America.’’ Let’s play on a level playing field. I have got no problem with that. We are not debating that. Unfortunately, that is the deal the next administration can deal with. At least, I will have some sympathy for them when they quit breaking the very agreement we are saying that they are honoring. I just can’t see that. So these funds, I don’t want them used. There are assets that we have. They are military assets. They are my brothers and sisters in arms right now who are all over the world that could be impacted by this. So as we go forward, this is a com-monsense rule for two reasons. We are not going to use the bank accounts of Americans to buy planes for Iran that can be used against us in a war. We are not going to have midnight rules by both parties. It doesn’t matter which party here. This is Article I, this is basic Constitution. Let the Congress do its work, not a President carrying out an agenda. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.024 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6252 November 16, 2016 
These are important bills that make smart, commonsense policy changes to protect Americans. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to support the leg-islation provided for by the rule and the rule itself. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on the Rule for H.R. 5711, the ‘‘Block U.S. Financing for Iranian Aircraft Purchases,’’ and H.R. 5982, the ‘‘Midnight Rules Relief Act of 2016.’’ I thank Chairman S
ESSIONS and Chair-woman S
LAUGHTER for their work in bringing this Rule before the House for consideration. I would like to thank the Rules Committee for making my amendment in order for H.R. 5982, the ‘‘Midnight Rule Relief Act,’’ which exempts any rule promulgated to prevent, re-spond to, or mitigate matters of critical na-tional security. H.R. 5711, is in direct violation of a provi-sion of the Iran Nuclear Agreement known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or JCPOA would be undermined by passage of this bill. The Administration has issued a veto threat on the bill, stating in part, ‘‘This bill, if enacted, would contravene U.S. commitments in the JCPOA and interfere with its successful imple-mentation. H.R. 5711 would prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing transactions by the U.S. financial institutions in connection with the export and re-export of passenger air-craft made prior to enactment of the bill. The United States has a long tradition of re-maining faithful to our commitments and our international partners, and a reversal of this principle undercuts our credibility, diminishes our ability to lead globally, and threatens the very alliances we rely upon in implementing the JCPOA. We can anticipate that should this bill be-come law our closest allies would view this bill as a violation of our JCPOA commitments and Iran would take the issue to the Joint Commis-sion.’’ In June, it was disclosed that Boeing had a Memorandum of Agreement with Iran Air for the sale of 80 commercial passenger planes. In September, the Treasury Department then issued a license for the sale of all 80 of these Boeing planes to Iran Air. The license also authorized U.S. financial institutions to engage in all transactions nec-essary to provide financing or other financial services to effectuate the sale of the Boeing planes. This bill prohibits the involvement of U.S. fi-nancial institutions in the sale of commercial passenger aircraft to Iran Air, and would put U.S. aircraft manufacturers at a competitive disadvantage with their foreign competitors, whose access to financing would not be sub-ject to the same constraints. This will translate into jobs lost in the United States. Promises to bring jobs in October, but work-ing to put people out of work in November is not what the public wants or expects of Con-gress. Complaints about Iran have access to $50 billion of unfrozen oil escrow funds as a result of the JCPOA and charging that this $50 bil-lion could be redirected to Iran’s destabilizing activities in the region is now preventing some of those funds from coming to a U.S. company that would create jobs here at home. This GOP bill would PREVENT Iran from spending well over $50 billion on commercial passenger aircraft from Boeing and other manufacturers as well as on air infrastructure improvements. This Congress has much to do with in the 13 days of official business remaining. The 114th Congress has to complete work on: 11 of the 12 House Appropriations bills; Criminal Justice Reform; Funding for the Flint Water Crisis; Restoring the Voting Rights Act; Protecting children with disabilities access to public education; Immigration Reform; Funding for the Louisiana Flooding; Funding for the damage caused by Hurri-cane Matthew; and Cybersecurity of the Nation’s Critical Infra-structure. It is beyond shocking and unacceptable that tens of thousands of citizens living in Flint Michigan have been exposed to toxic levels of lead in their drinking water. Not only will the dangers and hazards of this disaster be felt by the residents of Flint Michigan for years to come, but the American public remains at risk to national security vulnerabilities exposed through our most basic infrastructure that supports the delivery of clean water to homes and businesses nation-wide. The trust and ability to protect our citizens’ basic right to clean water has been shaken, while the leadership of this Congress does nothing. We all have a duty to ensure justice and protection of our citizens. Criminal Justice Reform is a pressing issue that Congress must address. As Judge Learned Hand observed, ‘‘If we are to keep our democracy, there must be one commandment: thou shalt not ration justice.’’ Reforming the criminal justice system so that it is fairer and delivers equal justice to all persons is one of the great moral imperatives of our time. For reform to be truly meaningful, we must look at every stage at which our citizens inter-act with the system—from policing in our com-munities and the first encounter with law en-forcement, to the charging and manner of at-taining a conviction, from the sentence im-posed to reentry and collateral consequences. House Democrats, led by House Judiciary Committee Ranking Member J
OHN CONYERS  of Michigan and me, as Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, have accepted and embraced the challenge of reforming the criminal justice system and de-veloped many innovative legislative remedies to correct many of the most glaring inequities and racial disparities in the most critical areas of the system. This is an important topic and one that Con-gress must turn its attention to with urgency and unity of effort to: address the harms caused; get an accounting of what happened; understand how the water was poisoned; make the lives of people damaged by this tragedy whole; find justice for those lives that may have been lost; and determine and provide for the long-term health needs of those impacted. Today, the water in Flint, Michigan is not safe to drink and we have no concrete answer on when it may be safe to drink in the future. Flint, Michigan like so many communities across the nation really felt the brunt of the fi-nancial crisis created by the abuse of new home lending practices and deceptive invest-ment schemes that hid the weaknesses in the economy until the great recession spread across the nation beginning in late 2008. The financial damage done to communities like Flint in the form of steep declines in prop-erty values, which caused significant declines in property tax income. This was not just Flint’s problem, but a na-tional reality—for financially strapped cities, towns, school boards, and municipal govern-ments who rely on Congress to fund all 12 Congressional appropriations bills to provide them with much needed revenue to meet the needs of their citizens. In the 51 years since its passage on August 6, 1965, the Voting Rights Act has safe-guarded the right of Americans to vote and stood as an obstacle to many of the more egregious attempts by certain states and local jurisdictions to game the system by passing discriminatory changes to their election laws or administrative policies. In signing the Voting Rights Act on August 6, 1965, President Lyndon Johnson said: ‘The vote is the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for breaking down injus-tice and destroying the terrible walls which im-prison men because they are different from other men.’ But on June 25, 2013, the Supreme Court decided Shelby County v. Holder, 570 U.S. 193 (2013), which invalidated Section 4(b) of the VRA, and paralyzed the application of the VRA’s Section 5 preclearance requirements, which protect minority voting rights where voter discrimination has historically been the worst. Since 1982, Section 5 has stopped more than 1,000 discriminatory voting changes in their tracks, including 107 discriminatory changes in Texas. Although much progress has been made with regard to Civil Rights there is still much work to be done in order to prevent systemic voter suppression and discrimination within our communities and we must remain ever vigilant and oppose schemes that will abridge or dilute the precious right to vote. H.R. 885, ‘Voting Rights Amendments Act of 2015,’ of which I am an original co-sponsor, repairs the damage done to the Voting Rights Act by the Supreme Court decision and is ca-pable of winning majorities in the House and Senate and the signature of the President. For millions of Americans, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is sacred treasure, earned by the sweat and toil and tears and blood of ordinary Americans who showed the world it was pos-sible to accomplish extraordinary things. The Voting Rights Act is needed as much today to prevent another epidemic of voting disenfranchisement as Dr. Salk’s vaccine is still needed to prevent another polio epidemic and I am calling again for Speaker Boehner to bring H.R. 885, ‘Voting Rights Amendments Act of 2015’ to the floor for a vote this year. As of October 3, 2016 the Texas Education Agency has 30 days to respond to an order by the U.S. Department of Education to fix its ter-ribly broken system that serves special needs children. Because the arbitrary cap limiting the num-ber of special needs students enrolled in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.020 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6253 November 16, 2016 
school district set and enforced by TEA clearly violated both the letter and spirit of the IDEA Act, on September 12, 2016, I wrote Edu-cation Secretary John King to demand that the U.S. Department of Education ‘‘review, inves-tigate, and take immediate and appropriate ac-tion to remedy the injury currently being suf-fered at least 250,000 special needs school children resulting from the systematic and in-tentional actions of the Texas state govern-ment to deprive these students of the rights guaranteed them by the 1990 Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA Act).’’ Hubert Humphrey once said that the ‘‘moral test of government is how it treats: those who are in the dawn of life, the chil-dren; those who are in the twilight of life, the aged; and those in the shadows of life, the sick, the needy and the handicapped.’’ By this measure, the Texas state govern-ment has been failing the moral test for more than a decade when it comes to fair treatment of special needs students. This should not have happened in Texas and we must act to be sure that it is not hap-pening in other states. Across the nation, approximately 13% of school children receive the special education benefits guaranteed by the IDEA Act. In Texas, however, the comparable figure is 8.5%, by far the lowest of any state in the na-tion. If the level of service provided by the State of Texas even barely met the national aver-age, an additional 250,000 special need stu-dents would be receiving the educational op-portunity they desperately need and deserve. As I document in my letter to Education Secretary King, ‘‘the real-world consequence of this deplorable decision is that vital sup-ports to children with autism, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, dyslexia, epilepsy, men-tal illnesses, speech impediments, traumatic brain injuries, even blindness and deafness, are being denied to approximately 250,000 Texas children.’’ When a school district, for example, ignores a mother’s request for a special education evaluation, the emotional and psychological damage inflicted on her child who may be forced to repeat the second and third grade is incalculable and may be irreparable. My thoughts and prayers continue to be with the with the people of Louisiana who were ad-versely affected by the historic 1,000 year flooding event that has devastated the Baton Rouge area of Louisiana. This disaster is the latest reminder of the vulnerabilities posed by extreme weather events faced by people living along the Gulf Coast. The National Weather Service reported 21.86 inches of rain falling within 48 hours caused levees to overtop and rivers to breach their banks. Global climate change cares not if you be-lieve in it; the force of nature will do its will at the expense, pain and suffering of our nation’s citizens. This Congress is about to end its business without taking care of the people of Louisiana devastated by the floods earlier this year. On Oct. 7 in Florida, a peak surge of 9.88 feet above normal was measured at a tide gauge at Fernandina Beach, Florida. Storm surge flooding affected the St. Augus-tine area, including major flooding on Anastasia Island where water was reported to be 2.5 feet above ground level. To the south in nearby Flagler Beach, Flor-ida, parts of A1A were washed out by the storm surge. The Northwestern-Jacksonville conducted a storm survey and found a new inlet was carved between Marineland and Matanzas Inlet, between Palm Coast and St. Augustine Beach, Florida. The St. Johns River in northeast Florida reached its highest level on record at Shands Bridge, along with 3 to 4.3 feet of storm surge inundation reported at the Racy Point, Red Bay Point and 1–295 bridge tide gauges. Early in the morning on Oct. 8, the St. Johns River was flowing backwards. Matthew’s storm surge coupled with high tide lead to a record tide level at Ft. Pulaski, Georgia, early Oct. 8, and storm surge inunda-tion roughly waist-deep was reported in parts of Charleston, South Carolina. We also should not forget Hurricane Mat-thew—what it did to Haiti and parts of the Southern United States requires Congres-sional attention to relieve people who are suf-fering. Even before Hurricane Matthew struck, more than a quarter of Haiti’s 11 million peo-ple lived in extreme poverty, surviving on less than $1.25 a day. Haiti’s people once again, in their great sor-row, need our prayers, our generosity, and our compassion. Much of what the people of Haiti have worked and fought tirelessly for over the last few years has been wiped out in this the third major natural disaster since 2010’S ruthless earthquake. Because of Hurricane Matthew hundreds of thousands of Haitians have little or no access to potable water or basic health services, and Haiti is facing an impending food crisis accord-ing to local and international organizations, and the government of Haiti. This Congress should replace the funding used by the Centers for Disease Control to address the Zika Virus threat, which depleted funds that were for Ebola response. We have not seen the full impact of Zika Virus, nor will we for several months as women give birth to children who may be im-pacted by the disease. I urge my colleagues to spend the last few legislative days available to us to make the American people our first priority. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 921 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC5. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 6324) to amend the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 to pro-hibit the use of funds provided to the Presi-dent-elect and the Vice President-elect under such Act for any services or facilities provided by registered lobbyists. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. All points of order against pro-visions in the bill are waived. At the conclu-sion of consideration of the bill for amend-ment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 6. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 6324. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.011 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6254 November 16, 2016 
or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 54 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1710 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ARDY ) at 5 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 921; Adopting House Resolution 921, if or-dered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5711, PROHIBITING THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY FROM AUTHORIZING CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO COMMERCIAL PASSENGER AIR-CRAFT TO IRAN; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5982, MIDNIGHT RULES RELIEF ACT OF 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PE-RIOD FROM NOVEMBER 18, 2016, THROUGH NOVEMBER 28, 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 921) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5711) to pro-hibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in con-nection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5982) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc con-sideration in resolutions of disapproval for ″midnight rules″, and for other pur-poses; and providing for proceedings during the period from November 18, 2016, through November 28, 2016, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 231, nays 181, not voting 22, as follows: [Roll No. 579] YEAS—231 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—22 
Aderholt Blumenauer Brown (FL) Costa DeSantis Fitzpatrick Fleming Forbes Hinojosa Kirkpatrick Kline LaMalfa Lewis Miller (FL) Nugent Poe (TX) Pompeo Price, Tom Rooney (FL) Sanchez, Loretta Wagner Westmoreland 
b1735 Mr. LEVIN, Ms. TITUS, Mr. RUIZ, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Messrs. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, NOLAN, and Ms. MOORE changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.005 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6255 November 16, 2016 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 231, nays 181, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 580] YEAS—231 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—22 
Aderholt Blumenauer Brown (FL) DeGette DeSantis Fitzpatrick Fleming Forbes Hinojosa Kirkpatrick Kline Lewis Miller (FL) Nugent Poe (TX) Pompeo Price, Tom Rooney (FL) Sanchez, Loretta Smith (TX) Wagner Westmoreland 
b1742 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1745 HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it ad-journ to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. f 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PRO-CEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RE-COMMIT ON H.R. 5711, PROHIB-ITING THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY FROM AUTHORIZING CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS RELAT-ING TO COMMERCIAL PAS-SENGER AIRCRAFT TO IRAN Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 5711 be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. 
f 
PROHIBITING THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY FROM AUTHOR-IZING CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO COMMERCIAL PAS-SENGER AIRCRAFT TO IRAN Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 921, I call up the bill (H.R. 5711) to pro-hibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in con-nection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 921, in lieu of the amendment recommended by the Committee on Financial Services printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114– 66 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5711 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, TITLE I—IRAN FINANCING PROHIBITION 
SECTION 101. PROHIBITION. 
The Secretary of the Treasury may not au-thorize a transaction by a U.S. financial institu-tion (as defined under section 561.309 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations) that is ordinarily incident to the export or re-export of a commer-cial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran. 
SEC. 102. REVOCATION OF PRIOR AUTHORIZA-TIONS. 
If the Secretary of the Treasury authorized any transaction described under section 101 be-fore the date of the enactment of this title, such authorization is hereby revoked. TITLE II—NO EX-IM ASSISTANCE FOR TERRORISM 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘No Ex-Im As-sistance for Terrorism Act’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.027 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6256 November 16, 2016 
SEC. 202. PROHIBITION ON EXPORT-IMPORT BANK FINANCING THAT WOULD BEN-EFIT IRAN. 
Section 2(b) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) P
ROHIBITION ON FINANCING THATWOULD  B
ENEFIT IRAN.— ‘‘(A) D
IRECT FINANCING .—The Bank shall not guarantee, insure, or extend (or participate in an extension of) credit in connection with any transaction with respect to which credit assist-ance from the Bank is first sought after the ef-fective date of this paragraph by— ‘‘(i) the Government of Iran or an entity owned or controlled by the Government of Iran; or ‘‘(ii) an entity created under Iranian law, or a foreign subsidiary of such an entity. ‘‘(B) I
NDIRECT FINANCING .—The Bank shall not guarantee, insure, or extend (or participate in an extension of) credit in connection with any transaction with respect to which credit as-sistance from the Bank is first sought after the effective date of this paragraph involving— ‘‘(i) an entity for the purpose of a transaction involving the Government of Iran or an entity referred to in subparagraph (A); or ‘‘(ii) a non-United States entity that, in the 5- year period ending with the date of the enact-ment of this paragraph, has leased or sold air-craft to the Government of Iran or an entity re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) in contravention of United States law, or a subsidiary or control-ling parent of such a non-United States entity. ‘‘(C) C
ANCELLATION OF APPROVED FINANC -
ING.—The Bank shall cease the provision of fi-nancial assistance approved by the Bank in connection with a transaction with respect to which credit assistance from the Bank is ap-proved after the effective date of this para-graph, on finding that the assistance has facili-tated the export, sale, or lease of an aircraft to an entity referred to in subparagraph (A), and shall seek immediate recovery of any amount provided by the Bank in connection with the transaction.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After 1 hour of debate, it shall be in order to consider the further amend-ment printed in part A of House Report 114–818, if offered by the Member des-ignated in the report, which shall be considered read and shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. The gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to submit extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. When our fellow Americans deposit their earnings in a U.S. bank or entrust the government with their tax dollars, they do so assuming that their money will not be used in ways which under-mine the security of our very Nation and, frankly, of the world. The legisla-tion we are debating tonight is a pack-age of bills that is designed to prevent the Obama administration from further undermining the trust of the American people and the security of our Nation, as well as the security of our allies. Under President Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or the JCPOA, the administration agreed to authorize the export of civilian air-craft to Iran. What the JCPOA did not include was authorization for the U.S. financing of those sales. As Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said in April in a Council on Foreign Relations speech: ‘‘Iran, complied with the nuclear agree-ment. Therefore, the nuclear sanctions are lifted. I think that that is a process that is becoming more and more clear. And we’ll keep our part of the bargain there. But the U.S. financial system is not open to Iran and that is not some-thing that is going to change.’’ Again, that was Secretary Jack Lew in April of this past year. Mr. Speaker, something changed. In September, the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control issued licenses to Airbus and to Boeing that permitted the sale of up to 97 airplanes to Iran Air, the country’s flagship, state- owned carrier. These licenses didn’t stop there, however. By going beyond the scope of the JCPOA, they also au-thorized U.S. financial institutions to ‘‘engage in all transactions necessary to provide financing or other financial services’’ related to the Iran Air or-ders. My bill, H.R. 5711, would prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from author-izing U.S. financing through American banks in connection with the export of commercial aircraft to Iran just as the administration claimed was U.S. policy to begin with. This bill would keep Americans’ de-posits away from a country that the President’s own State Department calls ‘‘the world’s foremost state spon-sor of terrorism’’ and which the Treas-ury has designated as ‘‘a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern.’’ Let me repeat that. The State Depart-ment, itself, says this is the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism, and the Treasury Department has des-ignated a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern. How many more red flags need to go up? Under this bill, Americans would not have to fear that their savings are being channeled to Iran Air, which was sanctioned by the Treasury in 2011 for ferrying soldiers and weapons of war to Syria—the site of a 5-year conflict that has claimed a half a million lives and has displaced millions more. This is the same Iran Air that a U.N. report concluded had shared ballistic military technology with North Korea and is the same Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps whose deputy commander called for an end to Israel, making note of more than 100,000 missiles that were ready ‘‘for the annihilation—the wip-ing out—and the collapse of the Zionist regime.’’ Additionally, research by the Foundation for Defense of Democracies shows that Iran Air’s support of the Assad regime continues to this very day. Why should U.S. banks and their cus-tomers be implicated in Iranian atroc-ities? I would submit that there is no rea-sonable answer to this, which is why this commonsense prohibition, when offered as an amendment to this year’s Financial Services appropriations bill, was passed by this very body—the House of Representatives—by a voice vote. However, this bill goes even further, Mr. Speaker. Not only will H.R. 5711 protect Americans’ bank accounts, it will prevent their tax dollars from being used through the Export-Import Bank to subsidize aircraft sales to Iran. It would be through direct transactions or third-party leasing, which is becom-ing more and more common. This codifies and strengthens an ex-isting Ex-Im prohibition that is re-newed in annual appropriations bills. For that reason, this measure enjoyed the support of Ex-Im supporters and critics alike when it came before the Financial Services Committee. H.R. 5711 combines the text of two bills that were reported by the Com-mittee on Financial Services; one of them sponsored by me and the other by Congressman ROSKAM of Illinois. Both pieces of legislation were cosponsored by our Democrat colleague, Congress-man S
HERMAN of California, who has devoted years to Iran policy, both as a member of the Financial Services Com-mittee and of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. I thank Representative S
HERMAN and Representative R
OSKAM for working with me on this very important legisla-tion package; and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this important bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am disappointed that we are here, yet again, debating another Republican bill to undermine the Iran nuclear deal—a deal that, so far, has delivered on its principal goal of blocking Iran’s path to nuclear weapons for the fore-seeable future. This is a dangerous move that, if enacted, would put U.S. and global security at risk. Specifically, H.R. 5711 would prohibit the Treasury Secretary from author-izing any transaction by a U.S. finan-cial institution to support the export of commercial planes to Iran. Doing so would violate a key component of the agreement in which the U.S. has com-mitted to allowing the sales of these planes and the associated financial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.007 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6257 November 16, 2016 
services that are necessary to support the sales. Earlier this year, the Treasury De-partment issued a license to Boeing for the sale of 80 passenger planes to Iran— valued at $17.6 billion—and authorized U.S. financial institutions to engage in all transactions necessary to allow Boeing to receive payment for the sale. This legislation not only puts the Boe-ing deal in the crosshairs by prohib-iting it from conducting a lawful sale under the agreement, but it also places the viability of the nuclear deal itself in question. Moreover, this legislation would breach the good faith provision in the agreement by which all parties agreed not to undermine its successful implementation. H.R. 5711 also includes language that prevents the Export-Import Bank from financing exports to Iran, which is a red herring because the Ex-Im Bank has not supported exports to Iran since the 1970s, and it is legally prohibited from doing so as long as Iran is a state sponsor of terror. Notably, the bill removes the Presi-dent’s national security waiver with regard to these restrictions—a move that denies the President the flexi-bility that is necessary to work with our allies to find the most effective ways of changing Iran’s behavior. The fact is that all previous Iran sanctions bills that have passed the House and that have become law have included a Presidential waiver that gives the President the flexibility to act quickly and maneuver when doing so serves the U.S. national security interest. Mr. Speaker, I am particularly con-cerned that this bill comes at a time of deep global uncertainty about U.S. for-eign policy. We have a President-elect whose talk on foreign policy has ranged from vague and contradictory in some areas to utterly incoherent elsewhere. He has inserted unpredict-ability into the international arena, has questioned the value of U.S. alli-ances, and has threatened the corner-stones of decades of American foreign policy leadership. Yet, instead of reassuring the world that the United States is committed to working with our global allies to pro-mote our collective security, House Re-publicans have decided to push yet an-other piece of legislation through the House to destabilize the agreement that is central to preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons. b1800 I do wonder why their leadership de-cided to bring this bill to the floor now in the lameduck session when they know the President will veto it. Per-haps my colleagues on the other side of the aisle know that in two short months, they will no longer have the luxury of legislating without con-sequences. Come January, we will have a Presi-dent who has called the Iran nuclear agreement the worst deal ever nego-tiated. Like most of his other nonsense policies, Mr. Trump has claimed he will either more strictly enforce the agree-ment or negotiate ‘‘a much better deal’’ or dismantle it altogether. We don’t know, and he doesn’t know. So I am going to bet that, under the Trump administration, Republicans will not be so eager to move legislation to unravel this agreement because, like the rest of us, they do not know how Mr. Trump will govern and because they know there is no other reasonable approach to curbing Iran’s nuclear am-bition, short of military intervention. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this bill and send-ing a strong message to the President- elect and our allies around the world that Democrats remain committed to a strong U.S. engagement in the world and will not tolerate any attempt to undermine the Iran nuclear deal or any other international arrangements that keep us safe. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the dis-tinguished gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), a leader on this issue who is the author of H.R. 5715. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) and also Chairman H EN-
SARLING for their consistent and per-sistent work on this issue. My friend from California mentioned a minute ago her disappointment. Well, if you want to talk about disappoint-ment and destabilizing of the deal, just look at what the Iranians have done since the JCPOA passed. By the way, a majority of the House of Representa-tives and a majority of the United States Senate, not on a partisan basis either, Mr. Speaker, voted against the JCPOA. So let’s put that in context. But the President insisted, he moved along, and here we are. So let’s see what we can do about it. Before we fix it, let’s look at what the Iranians have done. They are the destabilizers. There have been Iranian- supplied rockets launched at a U.S. Naval ship. Iran has fired rockets with-in 1,500 feet in December of last year on U.S. ships numerous times. The IRGC patrol boats have aggressively harassed U.S. ships in the Strait of Hormuz. Iran has launched numerous ballistic mis-sile tests in violation of the U.N. Secu-rity Council resolutions. They violated the JCPOA by producing excess heavy water. They continue to kidnap Ameri-cans and hold them for ransom. So let’s put it where it lies. The de-stabilizing impact doesn’t belong with the United States. It doesn’t belong with any statement by an American policyholder. The destabilizing nature belongs, Mr. Speaker, to the Iranian re-gime, the mullahs themselves. So the gentlewoman from California said she is disappointed. Well, look, I mean, disappointment, get used to it. It is the nature of things. The nature of the disappointment is that we now have American companies that are say-ing: You know what? Let’s go in and let’s do business with a terrorist re-gime. How is that? Let’s just go make a buck. That is the scandal of this. The scandal is that there are American companies, there are international companies—Boeing, Airbus—that are now making their own names inextricably linked with terror forever more. That is the scan-dal. So what are we trying to do? The gentlewoman said that the Ex- Im elements of this—I think she said— was a red herring. If not, it was words to that effect. No, it is not so. Because if you look carefully at what the Ex-Im prohibi-tion actually prohibits, Mr. Speaker, it prohibits the direct financing to the Iranian regime. Fine, if that is all this did, well and good. There is no reason to oppose it, then. Of course, that is not where the Ex- Im is actually limited. Because here is what can happen: under current law, the Ex-Im Bank can do a deal with the Europeans, for example. What can happen, then? That can be leased under current law to the Iranians. This amendment, Mr. HUIZENGA ’s language, would prohibit that. That is what we are trying to do. Look, think about the irony of this. You have got an administration that currently is telling Americans it is a dangerous thing to go to Iran; that you are at risk of being kidnapped if you go to Iran. At the same time—picture this, Mr. Speaker—that that is being articulated, they are also saying: We are going to help you do some business over there. That is ridiculous. It is absurd, it is contradictory, and it is indefensible. So here is the good news: The good news is we can do something about it. The other good news is this Iran deal has a very short shelf life because the President-elect has said he doesn’t like it. President Obama didn’t do the hard work of developing a national con-sensus on it. If he had, it would have been a treaty and a treaty that would have bound the United States in per-manency; but he didn’t do that. Why? Because it was a bad idea and he couldn’t sell it to Congress. So he went the easy way, did it basically by execu-tive order. And what goes around comes around. So we can do some good work here today. We can move this out. Is Presi-dent Obama going to sign it? Obviously not, but that is not to say that it is not what we should do. We know what we need to do. We need to make sure that the American financial system is not complicit in this deal. We need to make sure that American tax-payers are not subsidizing this deal. I urge the bill’s passage. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES), a member of the Financial Services Committee and the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.031 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6258 November 16, 2016 
Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, with all due respect to the gentleman from Michigan, once again, we find ourselves in this dreary and dangerous ritual of considering a bill which, without ques-tion, would cause us to violate our agreement under the JCPOA. We get the same arguments about how bad the Iranian regime is, and we get the same misstatements like: This is President Obama’s deal. It is not President Obama’s deal. It is a deal of the United Nations Security Council, of China, of Russia, of Great Britain, of France, of Germany, the U.K., and the rest of the world who combined working for a period of al-most 15 years hammered out a deal— and I say this as a member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence—which today has removed Iran as a nuclear threat. Yet, here again, we are offered a bill that would compromise our obligations and almost certainly result in cen-trifuges spinning once again in Tehran and then leading on to the very likely prospect of yet another Middle Eastern war. Yes, Iran is a sponsor of terrorism. Yes, it is a bad place. You will get no argument from this side of the aisle that this is a bad regime. Once again, I remind my Republican friends that their patron saint, Ronald Reagan, made a nuclear deal with the Soviet Union, also a sponsor of ter-rorism, an appalling regime; but Ron-ald Reagan was smart enough to know that you can make a deal that makes everybody safer even with some very bad people. Ronald Reagan. One thing I know as a member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence is that what used to be a mortal national security threat to the United States—2 to 3 months from breakout time, 2 to 3 months over which would almost certainly be in-volved in yet another war in the Middle East—has been taken off the table. Now, the Republicans not only seek to scuttle that deal with all of the im-plications, but they do it by stopping an American company from selling a flagship American product around the world. If you use the Department of Commerce’s multiplier, the bill they are pushing today would result in 100,000 American jobs not created so that they can continue with this fetish of eliminating a deal, which has made us safer. If there is any question about wheth-er this has made us safer, let me again quote General Gadi Eizenkot, who is the chief of staff of the Israeli Defense Forces. He said the deal has actually removed the most serious danger to Israel’s existence for the foreseeable future and greatly reduced the threat over the longer term. That is the chief of staff of the Israeli Defense Forces, but my friends in the Republican Party know better about what is good for Israel. These sad charades end pretty soon because the bluff has been called. President Trump has said he will tear up the Iran deal. When he does that— because this, of course, is not becoming law—the centrifuges will spin again. To my friends on the other side of the aisle, when the centrifuges are spin-ning, we and I will stand here and we will tell the American people why cen-trifuges are spinning again. And where we were 2 years ago when we thought we were going to war with Iran, if we go to Iran, when Israeli planes are bombing Iran, we will stand here and explain why we are now in another Middle Eastern war. We can avoid that by ending these charades and finally accepting this deal. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the dis-tinguished gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), who is the chairman of the Small Business Committee, but also a previous chair of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5711. I want to the commend my colleagues, Congress-men H
UIZENGA and S HERMAN , for au-thoring this bipartisan piece of legisla-tion. It was once said that the West would sell its enemies the rope that would be used to hang itself with. Well, because of the disastrously flawed Iran deal, that is exactly what we are currently doing. That is why this legislation is so important. H.R. 5711 essentially prevents the ex-port or reexport of commercial pas-senger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran. This bill would cut off Iran’s means of delivering weapons to ter-rorist organizations like Hamas and Hezbollah, and to Syrian dictator Bashir al-Assad, a war criminal who is responsible for the worst refugee crisis since the Second World War. The truth is we wouldn’t even need to be here today if the Obama administra-tion had just paid attention to the facts on the ground in the Middle East. When negotiating the disastrous Iran nuclear deal, despite knowing Iran was the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism, President Obama and Sec-retary Kerry permitted the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran anyway. Incredibly, under current U.S. law, if we issued a license for Iran Air to pur-chase aircraft from an American manu-facturer and then Iran walked away from its commitment, U.S. taxpayers would have to foot the bill for Iran. In this case, that could be up to $70 billion on the U.S. taxpayer. Given Iran Air’s multiple unpaid commitments over the years, that outrageous outcome is en-tirely possible. So for all of the reasons that I have mentioned and for reasons that have been stated already by my colleagues, I would urge clear-minded people on both sides of the aisle to support this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE), a senior member of the House Appropriations Committee. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 5711. This legislation is only the latest misguided and politicized effort by the majority to undermine the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action, a historic agreement negotiated by the world’s major powers in order to keep Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. Simply put, enactment of H.R. 5711 would violate the United States Gov-ernment’s obligations under the JCPOA, opening the door for Iran to walk away from this agreement. It also threatens to undermine our credibility with our allies and negotiating part-ners. Now, we must be vigilant. No one dis-agrees that we must be vigilant in en-suring Iranian compliance with the terms of the JCPOA. We also should continue to hold Iran to account for its violations of human rights, for its sponsorship of terrorism, and for its nonnuclear weapons development. Last night, I supported, as did almost every Member of this body, a clean re-authorization of the Iran Sanctions Ex-tension Act, which guarantees Con-gress’ ability to snap back sanctions should Iran violate the JCPOA. The re-authorization also allows Congress to take positive action on transition day should it be verified that Iran has used its nuclear capacity only for peaceful purposes. So the continued authorization of sanctions will allow the United States to continue to exert pressure on the Iranian regime. The dangerous bill be-fore us today will do just exactly the opposite. By directly blocking a spe-cific provision of the JCPOA—namely, the permissible sale of commercial pas-senger aircraft—this legislation would send a clear message to the Iranian people that the United States does not negotiate in good faith; that we expect to have it both ways, with Iran disman-tling its nuclear facilities and getting nothing in return. b1815 We must also remember, my col-leagues, that the Iran nuclear agree-ment is not just a bilateral agreement between Iran and the United States. It is the product of years and years of ne-gotiations between Iran and the P5+1, which is the United Kingdom, China, France, Russia, Germany, and the United States. The bill before us today would break faith with those negoti-ating partners in a reckless and dan-gerous way. Because of this agreement, the breakout time for Iran to develop enough weapons-grade material for a nuclear weapon went from 2 to 3 months to a year or more. Because of this agreement, the international com-munity has 24/7 access to Iran’s nuclear sites. Because of this agreement, we possess the enforcement mechanisms necessary to verify Iran’s compliance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.034 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6259 November 16, 2016 
By all objective accounts, Iran has upheld its end of the bargain. Why would we give up these capabilities by failing to uphold ours? In light of the political transitions taking place in our country, now is especially the time when the United States must keep its word, its word to our allies and to the international community. Now, regardless of all this, it appears that our Republican colleagues are willing to jeopardize a major inter-national agreement for political advan-tage. They are willing to undermine the credibility of the United States and our allies on the international stage. My colleagues, instead of scoring po-litical points or seeking to undo the foreign policy legacy of the outgoing President, we should be working to-gether in a bipartisan manner to en-sure this agreement’s success. For that reason, I urge colleagues to vote against this bill. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), a member of the House Com-mittee on Financial Services. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5711. Despite the President’s assurances, Iran remains a menace to the stability of the Middle East and a threat to America and its allies. All of us, both Republicans and Democrats, need to take action to reduce the harm that this rogue state and its accomplices can do. H.R. 5711 takes some very important steps in that effort. By prohibiting the Secretary of the Treasury from green- lighting U.S. financing for the export of commercial aircraft to Iran, we are making it more difficult for Iranian airlines to acquire planes that we know are used to ferry soldiers and weapons. I need to ask my colleagues across the aisle: Is that such a bad idea? By blocking Ex-Im assistance to the Government of Iran, we are preventing the U.S. taxpayer from subsidizing ef-forts by the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism to acquire aircraft to support its deadly activities around the world. We can all agree that Ex-Im should never be used for this purpose. The Government of Iran continues to fund terrorist activities, and it is inti-mately involved in Syria’s violent civil war. Let us not forget the recent hos-tile actions taken by Houthi rebels in Yemen. These rebels receive funds from Iran, and they fired missiles at U.S. Navy warships on patrol in the Red Sea. The American people cannot be complicit in these hostilities. We owe it to our constituents and our allies around the world to pass this common-sense legislation. I thank my colleagues from Michi-gan, Illinois, and California for intro-ducing this bill. I urge its support. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), a member of the Committee on Ways and Means. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, will this Congress ground Boeing or support this key manufacturer and the jobs that it creates, that have already helped make America great? Will we march to the tune of the pied pipers against peace who see war with Iran as the only way to restrain it from devel-oping nuclear weapons? Part of what makes trade so important to us is that countries that trade together are less likely to go to war with one another. The House today is being asked to vote to block the sale of about 80 Boe-ing aircraft to update an aging and un-safe commercial airline in Iran. If this bill passes, that is bad news for a major American business, and it is also bad news to thousands of skilled workers across this country who won’t see any part of what could be a $25 billion deal. It is great news for Boeing’s major Eu-ropean competitor to get the work that these supporters would deny to Boeing. This is, of course, just the latest of one effort after another to undermine the only way forward, short of war, to limit Iran’s ability to develop nuclear weapons. This realization is why this very week so many national security experts have urged Mr. Trump to re-consider, to reverse his threat to break the promises that our country made in an international agreement. This week also, the European Union affirmed its support for that international agree-ment. The six other countries that joined us in that international agree-ment are honoring their promises, and we should do the same thing. What will keep Boeing from flying high? It is the war hawks that fly high, so insistent on undermining this im-portant pact that has made our family safer. If the hawks win, it is about more than losing a multibillion-dollar deal to one American manufacturer. It really means that nothing—nothing— but the threat of another American war, an American attack, will hold Iran back from developing nuclear weapons. This is about more than destabilizing the American workforce. Undermining this agreement will destabilize the Middle East. It will jeopardize our fam-ilies and the families of our allies. Once again, this measure should be re-jected. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), a member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to voice my support for H.R. 5711 and to thank Congressman H
UIZENGA  for his leadership on this very impor-tant issue. This bill prohibits the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by U.S. financial institu-tions in connection with the export or reexport of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran. As the primary sponsor of terrorism throughout the world, it is imperative that we hold Iran accountable and do all we can to limit their abilities to promote this type of action and behav-ior. This bill confronts the same airline that has been sanctioned by the Treas-ury Department for transporting fight-ers and weapons on behalf of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard. It is beyond me how the administra-tion can be okay with allowing Iran ac-cess to airplanes which would only fur-ther their support of terrorism. I sup-ported this commonsense legislation when it was marked up in the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and I am proud to support it today. Thank you to my good friend, Con-gressman HUIZENGA , for sponsoring this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE), the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security, and Investigations on the Committee on the Judiciary. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia, Ranking Member W
ATERS , for the leadership that she gave this issue in the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and I rise today to offer my oppo-sition to this bill for a number of rea-sons. I will say that it is interesting—I heard my colleague from North Caro-lina mention the Soviet Union and the interests and the efforts that President Reagan made to, in fact, make America safer in his time and in his context. In-terestingly, in the backdrop of today, one could now argue that Russia has, in its portfolio, advocacy for terrorists as well as a large profile of cyberterrorism and hacking into the United States as well as a blatant in-terference in the most recent Presi-dential election. As I look to my col-leagues speaking about what the Presi-dent-elect will do, I would hope that he would not undermine the national se-curity of this Nation. First of all, we know that this bill will be vetoed if it gets to the desk of President Obama. This bill would dam-age a hard-fought diplomatic solution that makes the world safer from nu-clear war. The sanctions are working, including extensive monitoring of the nuclear capability of Iran. We also, in a bipartisan manner, sup-ported the potential extinction of Iran sanctions yesterday, and that was the right thing to do, the opportunity or the possibility of doing that. But this bill, in particular, flies in the face of a realistic approach to how we do inter-national engagement. The JCPOA has significantly con-strained Iran’s nuclear program. Key aspects of the program are dismantled under the JCPOA, and it subjects Iran’s nuclear program to unprecedented ver-ification and monitoring requirements. It is working. It is profoundly in the national secu-rity interests of the United States to continue to meet our commitments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.036 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6260 November 16, 2016 
under the JCPOA as long as Iran con-tinues to meet its commitments. Our allies are depending on us. The word of the United States should mean some-thing. We even know that Israel has seen a positive impact, some of its military persons have indicated, by way of the JCPOA. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. Ms. JACKSON LEE. This bill pro-hibits the involvement of U.S. finan-cial institutions in the sale of commer-cial passenger aircraft to Iran Air, civil end use that would put U.S. aircraft manufacturers at a competitive dis-advantage with their foreign competi-tors whose access to financing would not be subject to the same constraints. This is not putting commercialism or jobs above national security. It is, in fact, allowing civil end use to continue as we are standing for our national se-curity. The sweeping and vague nature of this provision would have a chilling ef-fect on U.S. and non-U.S. entities seek-ing to engage in permissible business with Iran. The United States has a long tradition of remaining faithful to our commitments with our international partners, and a reversal of this prin-ciple undercuts our credibility, dimin-ishes our ability to lead globally, and threatens the very alliances we rely upon in implementing the JCPOA. We can anticipate that should this bill be-come law, our closest allies would view this bill as a violation of the JCPOA commitments, and Iran would take the issue to the Joint Commission. The main thing of this bill is that it will douse the friendship and alliance that we are making with allies who want a peaceful nonproliferation of nu-clear activity. This is a ‘‘no’’ vote in order to provide for the national secu-rity of this Nation. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ), a member of the House Committee on Financial Services. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman H
UIZENGA for the cou-ple minutes. This is one of those mo-ments, has anyone actually read the four pages on the bill? Great. In that case, we should all know this isn’t about selling jets. It is about using the American financial system to finance them. That is what the language of the bill is. Think about this. We have now spent the last 6 years around this body talk-ing over and over and over how we are going to keep the American financial system safe, how we are going to not do things that concentrate debt within our capital markets. If Iran wants to buy jets, let them go find bilateral agreements in other countries. Let them show up with the cash. Let them go find someone else to put up the surety bonds. Let someone else go put up the coverage on the lost pieces on the ladder of the financing. This piece of legislation coming through the Committee on Financial Services is about protecting our finan-cial system, first, from what many of us on the committee believe is going to turn into bad debt and functionally be-come toxic within our financial mar-kets; but then, secondly, do you really want the United States financial sys-tem providing liquidity and financing for the leading state sponsor of ter-rorism in the world? That is a pretty powerful ethical question when you consider what we have been through in cleaning up our own financial system over the last few years. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am sorry that Mr. PITTENGER left because I really did want to share this point with him. It is important to note that nothing in this legislation will keep new pas-senger aircraft out of the hands of Iran. The bill only prevents Boeing from selling civilian passenger aircraft to Iran, while foreign aircraft manufac-turers, such as Airbus, will still be able to sell their passenger planes to Iran since they won’t need U.S. financial in-stitutions to help finance their deals. b1830 What is this? Is this some kind of payback to Boeing? Is this some kind of—— Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I yield to the gentleman from Michi-gan. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. That is actually not true. Airbus is subject to this as well because of the significant number of parts and material in the jets that they produce. So they would be subject to this as well as Boeing. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Reclaiming my time, there is nothing in this legislation that will keep new passenger aircraft out of the hands of Iran. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ), who is also a member of the House Fi-nancial Services Committee. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman H
UIZENGA for his leader-ship. Mr. Speaker, the Obama administra-tion’s State Department recognizes the Islamic Republic of Iran as one of three state sponsors of terrorism. But, iron-ically, the President calls his deal with Iran a foreign policy achievement. Our Commander in Chief is proud of his plan that puts Iran on the path to get-ting a nuclear weapon. He is proud of his plan that condones and facilitates U.S. business with Iran. In September, the Treasury Depart-ment authorized the sale of up to 97 Airbus and Boeing planes to Iran. Iran is more than just a labeled state spon-sor of terrorism. Iran uses its financial sector for international money laun-dering. Iran has been a long-time supporter of the brutal Assad regime in Syria. It has supported a government that has killed hundreds of thousands of its own people. Iran’s leader has pledged to wipe America and Israel off the map, but none of these facts matter to the Obama administration. They will do whatever they can just to make a deal and ensure a legacy. Mr. Speaker, why are we rewarding and aiding a nation that has contrib-uted to so much disorder and destruc-tion in the Middle East? To me, it is simply a no-brainer. We must not authorize U.S. aircraft sales to Iran. I urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 5711, which would prohibit the Treas-ury Secretary from authorizing U.S. fi-nancing in connection with commer-cial passenger aircraft to Iran. In God we trust. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share a portion of a letter from J Street: J Street Calls on Members of Congress to Oppose Anti-JCPOA Bill Restricting Commercial Aircraft Sales. The last paragraph says: ‘‘Additionally, the bill would not even achieve its intended objective of preventing Iran from acquiring com-mercial aircraft—it would merely en-sure that Iran purchases them from a foreign producer, pointlessly denying jobs and income to working Americans and communities across the country. Like so many of the legislative at-tempts by JCPOA opponents to under-mine or kill the agreement, this bill is just another cynical messaging exer-cise that hurts rather than helps Amer-ica’s essential interests, security, and standing in the world. ‘‘J Street therefore urges Members of Congress to oppose H.R. 5711 and reaf-firm the United States’ commitment to uphold its international obligations.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ), a distinguished member of the House Fi-nancial Services Committee. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman H
UIZENGA and also Chairman H
ENSARLING for bringing this very im-portant issue before the American peo-ple. Mr. Speaker, it is a horrible idea to allow the United States Government to help the Iranian Government support terrorism. This bill helps make sure that does not happen. Now, the world knows that the Ira-nian Government has a very long his-tory of using their state-owned Iran Air to transport weapons and military personnel for the Revolutionary Guard, which, in turn, trains, arms, and funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.038 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6261 November 16, 2016 
terrorist organizations around the world. The Revolutionary Guard and the Government of Iran has American blood on its hands. It should be very concerning to ev-erybody in this Chamber, Republicans and Democrat, that the Iranian leaders for years have chanted, Death to Amer-ica, and have vowed to wipe the State of Israel off the map. The Iranian Gov-ernment cannot be trusted. Now, the United States financial in-stitutions should not be allowed to help the Iranian Government purchase aircraft and other equipment proven to be used for military purposes. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 5711, is a good, commonsense bill. I implore ev-erybody in this Chamber, Republicans and Democrats, to do what is right and to stand up and vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 5711 to make sure we do not assist the chief sponsor of terrorism in this world to conduct its activities. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I like Mr. P
OLIQUIN . He is a nice man. He always has a nice smile. But I don’t trust him more than I trust J Street. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire as to the balance of the time remaining on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
NIGHT ). The gentleman from Michigan has 10
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gen-tlewoman from California has 10
1⁄4min-utes remaining. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), who is a member of the Financial Services Committee and a former Treasury offi-cial. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Michigan for yielding. I rise in strong support of H.R. 5711. And I thank the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
HERMAN ), who serves on our committee, for his leadership on this measure and consistently works on matters concerning Iran, as well as Mr. R
OSKAM of Illinois. I was proud to be a member this past Congress on the Financial Services Committee Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. During our hear-ings, Mr. Speaker, we heard numerous witnesses describe Iran’s support for terrorism and other evil activities. It is really staggering, Mr. Speaker, that we sit here tonight and we have a Member of the other party suggest that Iran is a friend to the United States. There is no friendship between Iran and the United States or our allies. I think that is a stunning thing to say on the House floor. You have heard tonight about Iran’s direct involvement in conflicts in Iraq, Syria, Yemen; their support of Hamas, Hezbollah. And one of the main meth-ods they use to support their terrorist activities around the world is they are flying commercial aircraft by the Quds Force around this world supporting terrorism, supplying Assad in Syria, who is responsible for the deaths of hundreds. This deal is not about blocking air-plane sales, Mr. Speaker. This deal is about protecting taxpayers on financ-ing airplane sales, protecting our banks in the financing of airplane sales. In fact, Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration has already provided the Government of Iran, the mullahs in Iran over $100 billion in freed-up cash and has given them $1.7 billion in Euros in cash on pallets. Let them use that to buy an aircraft. Let’s assume they cost $100 million, $150 million. They can buy several aircraft and pay cash, thanks to the failed diplomacy of the Obama administration. So, again, this legislation is about the belief that the United States should not directly support terrorism and the killing of innocent civilians. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill. It is the mission of Iran to use these aircraft for nefarious purposes. We already have that guilt on our hands by the release of $100 billion and $1.7 billion in cash. Let’s not compound the errors of the past by opposing this bill, which will limit taxpayer risk and our financial sector risk at financing aircraft to Iran. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the bal-ance of my time? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Michigan has 8 minutes remaining. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD), a dis-tinguished Member, friend, and former member of the House Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend from Michigan for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I just find it fascinating that here we are again. Listen, we can talk about the JCPOA, this Iran nu-clear deal, which I think is a historic mistake, which will haunt us for gen-erations. There is no question about that. If anybody was unclear about where I stand or where I think many in this body stand, let me just simply say that I think this will be a historic mis-take that will haunt us. Ultimately, when we are talking about the world’s greatest state spon-sor of terrorism, what is amazing to me is the fact that this is not even up for debate in the administration. The ad-ministration will tell you: Yes, Iran is the world’s greatest state sponsor of terror. And you know what? With this agree-ment, if our destination was to say, You know what, we want to ensure that Iran is never able to get a nuclear weapon, this deal all but ensures it. BOBMENENDEZ , a Democrat over in the Senate, said those very words. Prime Minister Netanyahu says this is a his-toric mistake. So, yes, we can talk about some of the others over there who believe this is a good thing, but ultimately we real-ize this is a bad thing. This is a bad thing because, frankly, as we talk about quoting J Street on the floor, I personally want to say that I will trust B
RUCE POLIQUIN from Maine, my col-league on the Financial Services Com-mittee. When it comes to a financing bill, yes, I trust B
RUCE POLIQUIN a heck of a lot more than I trust J Street. J Street, frankly, is in the tank for the other side. They are not an objective body, I believe. Ultimately, as we look at this bill, Mr. Speaker, this bill doesn’t prevent the sale of aircraft. As much as I would like to prevent the sale of aircraft to the world’s greatest state sponsor of terror, which could use the aircraft to send supplies and soldiers—because we know that Iran is sending money and supplies to Hezbollah, Hamas, to Assad in Syria. Frankly, this administration will tell you the same thing. This is a bill that prevents the fi-nancing. Ultimately, as we look at, how do we protect taxpayer dollars, how do we protect the deposits of mil-lions of Americans that go to Main Street and deposit in their local banks? We are just saying, you can’t use fi-nancing to go finance the planes that are going over into Iran, the world’s greatest state sponsor of terror. If they want to pay cash, it would be one thing to say, You know what? I don’t think you have got any cash. Wait, we know they have got cash. Why? Because we just sent an un-marked plane with unmarked bills full of cash, ultimately, we know, for the release of hostages. We have got $1.7 billion that we know is there. We have got $100 billion worth of sanctions re-lief. You know what, I am counting on the fact that they have got the re-sources to spend. So what this is doing is this is trying to protect the American taxpayer. Ul-timately, what we do know, the admin-istration agrees to authorize the export of civilian aircraft to Iran. That still can happen. This bill does not change that one iota. What it does do is it says that you cannot use U.S. financing for those sales. Ultimately, I think that is a good thing because when we look and we want to go back and they want to talk about it, this is something about the JCPOA, the Iran deal. What is interesting to me, Mr. Speaker, is that the only thing that was bipartisan in the Iran deal was its opposition in this body to that deal. Frankly, I think we ought to be doing everything in our power to make sure that we keep and hold Iran account-able, and we should not be financing planes that go in there because, ulti-mately, we know they have already 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.039 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6262 November 16, 2016 
fired missiles. Right? They have al-ready broken their agreements. They have fired missiles. They have fired weapons over at U.S. ships. They have captured U.S. sailors. They are taking hostages. This is not a good actor. Frankly, we should be doing everything in our power to make sure that we are hold-ing them accountable and ratcheting up sanctions. We should not make it easier for them to be able to purchase planes. Frankly, we have got all manufactur-ers that are out there that have parts in the United States that would be im-plicated with this. So this is not sin-gling out a single U.S. carrier. We want to talk about pro-growth, but what we don’t want to do is talk about pro-growth opportunities that are going to help the world’s greatest state sponsor of terror. This is a mis-take if we do not pass this piece of leg-islation. I am confident that this bipartisan piece of legislation is going to be able to pass this House. My hope is that the Senate will take it up. I don’t believe that the President will sign it—and I think that will be a mistake—but that should not prevent this body from doing the right thing. So, Mr. Speaker, I am going to go right back to where we started at the beginning. The world’s greatest state sponsor of terror should not be aided by the U.S. taxpayer, by our banking system, in order to finance planes that we really don’t know what they are going to do with them. But what we do know is that Iran is a bad actor and they are going to continue to be the world’s greatest state sponsor of ter-ror. So I am going to urge my colleagues to support this bill. It is a common-sense piece of bipartisan legislation. I want to thank the chairman for his work on it, and I want to thank Chair-man H
ENSARLING as well. I want to thank Mr. R
OSKAM , and I want to thank everybody here who is going to stand up united to say, this is going to something that we need to hold Iran accountable to. b1845 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I am prepared to close. I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I was surprised to hear the gentleman from Illinois just re-peating some of the outrageous state-ments that Mr. Trump made during the campaign where he talked about the airplane carrying billions of dollars to Iran. I guess we are going to be hearing a lot of that around here. Mr. Speaker, next year, President- elect Trump will face a daunting array of international challenges. The most pressing of these will be curbing Is-lamic terrorism, reining in Russian corruption and hegemony, and dealing with the civil wars in Iraq and Syria. The self-proclaimed Islamic State, though it is in retreat in Iraq and Syria, has demonstrated its ability to operate beyond the confines of the Mid-dle East and sponsor attacks in Asia, Europe, and the United States. More-over, the nuclear threat posed by North Korea will require an immediate and coherent policy response from the Trump administration. So if ever there was a time when the U.S. should be affirming our commit-ment to the international agreements that promote our stability and security in such a volatile global environment, the time is now. We should be working to reassure our allies and the rest of the world that the U.S. is committed to internationalism and to shaping and preserving the world economic and po-litical order. Yet, Republicans are in-tent on playing politics and continuing their futile attempts to undermine the Iran nuclear agreement and put the global community at risk of a nuclear Iran. Over the past few months, this House passed Republican bills to reinstate a program denying Iranian financial in-stitutions access to U.S. dollars; to prohibit the U.S. from buying heavy water from Iran, a key component for some nuclear reactors; and most re-cently, to prohibit so-called ransom payments to Iran, which would, in fact, put the U.S. in violation of its inter-national obligations under the Algiers Accords, which have been in effect since 1981, under both Republican and Democratic administrations. The White House has issued a state-ment of policy making it clear that the President would veto the bill before us today, stating: ‘‘The United States has a long tradition of remaining faithful to our commitments and our inter-national partners, and a reversal of this principle undercuts our credi-bility, diminishes our ability to lead globally, and threatens the very alli-ances we rely upon in implementing the JCPOA.’’ We know that this bill would violate a key provision of the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action that specifi-cally committed to the sale of commer-cial planes to Iran by prohibiting our financial institutions from facilitating those sales. It also would put U.S. air-craft manufacturers at a competitive disadvantage with their foreign com-petitors, whose access to financing would not be subject to the same con-straints. The legislation is also concerning be-cause it would remove the President’s national security waiver with regard to restrictions on the Export-Import Bank’s ability to finance exports to Iran. While the administration has never exercised this authority, I be-lieve removing the President’s discre-tion and leverage on critical national security matters would be a serious mistake. So I strongly oppose this bill that aims to undo the hard-fought progress to contain Iran’s nuclear ambitions and undercuts our ability to exercise global leadership, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, to quote the great American President, Ronald Reagan: ‘‘There you go again.’’ Attack the President-elect, and try to throw out red herrings. The bill that we have before us has two simple titles, the Iran Financing Prohibition—and I will read section 101: ‘‘The Secretary of the Treasury may not authorize a transaction by a U.S. financial institution.’’ Section 102, Revocation of Prior Au-thorizations: ‘‘If the Secretary of the Treasury authorized any transaction described under section 101 before the date of the enactment of this title, such authorization is hereby revoked.’’ We are halfway through. Section 2, Title II, No Ex-Im Assistance for Ter-rorism. It simply says that there is a prohibition—on section 202: ‘‘Prohibi-tion on Export-Import Bank Financing that would Benefit Iran.’’ That means direct financing. That would be sub-head A. Indirect Financing, meaning you can’t have a third party get that lend-ing from the Export-Import Bank, by the way, a U.S. taxpayer-funded bank. So that is subhead B. And C is Cancellation of Approved Fi-nancing, if they have done that al-ready. This bill is not that complicated, and this bill does not cite any particular company. It does not limit any com-pany from selling aircraft to Iran, no matter how big of a mistake that might be. It simply says—as I might add, Sec-retary Jack Lew, Secretary of the Treasury, said in April of this year: There will be no U.S. financial institu-tion financing this deal. And we have added that second section, that second title that says: There will be no use of the U.S. taxpayer-financed Export-Im-port Bank. That is all this bill says. So you have heard attacks on the President-elect. You have heard at-tacks on the Export-Import Bank and whether this is going to be good or bad for U.S. employers and employees. The simple fact is, Mr. Speaker, that this bill, H.R. 5711, says: We are not going to allow U.S. financial institu-tions, and U.S. financial institutions only, to be used to finance these deals; and we are not going to allow the Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States to be used, either directly or indi-rectly, to finance that deal. Iran can go put this deal together with other banks in Asia, Europe, any-where else in the world that they can find it, but not here in the United States and not using taxpayer dollars. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.040 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6263 November 16, 2016 
H.R. 5711, the No U.S. Financing for Iran Act, introduced by my good friend B
ILLHUIZENGA . This bill also includes the outstanding work of my good friend P
ETER ROSKAM , who intro-duced H.R. 5715, the No Ex-Im Assistance for Terrorism Act. Mr. Speaker, President Obama has made an endless stream of concessions to the Ira-nian government. Most recently, in September, the administration announced that it would issue special export licenses for Boeing and Airbus to sell dozens of commercial aircraft to Iran—a deal that together is valued at up-wards of $50 billion. Yet the deal is not final-ized because Iran is having difficulty financing it. The No U.S. Financing for Iran Act will guar-antee that the U.S. plays no part in facilitating this financing: it blocks the Treasury Depart-ment from authorizing U.S. financial institu-tions from supporting such transactions and prevents the U.S. Export-Import Bank from ex-tending direct or indirect credit to the Govern-ment of Iran. Although the Ex-Im Bank is prohibited from providing direct financing to Iran, it could do so through a third-party. For instance, Reuters last week reported that after months of nego-tiations, Iran secured financing possibly through an Emirati leasing company for the first 17 planes it plans to buy from Airbus. If the U.S. Ex-Im Bank were to provide financing to such a third-party company, it would in ef-fect be facilitating Iran’s purchase of the air-craft. It is important to recall why Iran should not be receiving these planes in the first place: until President Obama implemented his nu-clear deal, Iran Air had for over four years been subject to U.S. sanctions due to the company’s notorious working relationship with Iran’s military and Revolutionary Guards Corps. For years, Iran Air has smuggled rock-ets, missiles, and other sensitive materiel aboard its passenger and cargo planes bound for regional hotspots, such as Syria, home to Iranian terrorist proxies and murderous re-gimes. The Obama Administration was absolutely wrong to drop these sanctions in connection with the nuclear deal because this support has little or nothing to do with Iran’s nuclear pro-gram. On the contrary, much of this activity is related to Iran’s sponsorship of terrorism—for which the United States still imposes sanc-tions on Iran. It is long past time for the Administration to stop accommodating this genocidal regime and rather hold it to account. Just last week the IAEA reported that Iran had for the second time this year exceeded its quota for heavy water as stipulated in the nuclear deal. But in-stead of calling this violation what it is, the Obama Administration chose to sweep it under the rug. Such passivity in the face of Iranian violations only emboldens the regime to see what more it can get away with. This is a dangerous game to play when the con-sequences are so grave for our national secu-rity and that of our close ally Israel. The Administration’s nuclear deal with Iran itself contained far too many major conces-sions: it recognized Iran’s right to enrichment, despite longstanding United States policy against such recognition, and settled for a weak inspections regime that is anything but ‘‘anytime, anywhere.’’ We must act again today to put a stop to the concessions. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to pass this urgent measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 PRINTED IN PART A OF HOUSE  
REPORT 114 –818 OFFERED BY MR . HUIZENGA OF  
MICHIGAN  
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 1, before line 1, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘No U.S. Fi-nancing for Iran Act’’. Page 1, line 7, strike ‘‘that is ordinarily in-cident to’’ and insert ‘‘in connection with’’. Page 4, after line 3, insert the following: TITLE III—SUNSET 
SEC. 301. SUNSET. 
This Act and the amendment made by this Act shall cease to be effective on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President certifies to Congress that the Gov-ernment of Iran has ceased providing support for acts of international terrorism. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 921, the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, at this point my amendment adds a short title and clarifies the na-ture of prohibited Iranian transactions. The amendment also provides for a sunset of the bill’s provision upon pres-idential certification that Iran has ceased support of international ter-rorism. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in opposition to this amend-ment and the underlying bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HECK of Washington. The key change made by this amendment is to strike the phrase ‘‘ordinarily incident to’’ and insert ‘‘in connection with.’’ One is a term of art commonly used by the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC. Companies doing business with an OFAC license know what that means. In connection with is a much broader term, not clearly defined, Mr. Speaker, and if this amendment were to pass, ex-actly how attenuated of a connection would be impermissible? Crickets, because we don’t know. I believe the chilling effect of this language would go far beyond the pur-ported intent of this legislation. And let there be no confusion what the in-tent is, which is to block a single legal, fully compliant, and scandal-free busi-ness transaction that supports both our national security and American manu-facturing. If this bill became law, we would be less safe. The U.S. specifically com-mitted in the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or the Iran Deal, as we refer to it, to allow the sale of commer-cial aircraft to Iran, as well as the pro-vision of associated services. Associ-ated services is specifically defined in the relevant section of the agreement to include financial services of the kind U.S. banks would be specifically blocked from providing under this bill. Well, it is hard to think of anything that would be a clearer violation of our own commitments under the JCPOA, an action that would give Iran a mean-ingful reason to walk away from the whole thing, making us less safe. It is a clear, black-and-white violation of the JCPOA. And what is our plan B if Congress provokes the collapse of this agree-ment? Crickets. We don’t have one. Think of how much went into the successful negotiation of the agree-ment. We had to convince a lot of coun-tries, with whom we don’t often always agree, to maintain a united front for U.N. sanctions to be effective. If we choose to burn down the JCPOA, which this will do, entirely of our own volition, are my colleagues under any illusion that we could sim-ply go back to our partners, not to mention Iran, and say with a straight face: Well, let’s start over. And why wouldn’t Iran just happily revel in the unraveling of the mighty international coalition which brought them to the table and go back to build-ing up its nuclear program again? Again, crickets, because they would be likely to. So let’s be clear. Yes, we continue to have numerous and serious differences with Iran. But as we counter their de-stabilizing behavior in other parts of the Middle East, I know I sleep better at night knowing that the Iran deal prevents them from obtaining a nu-clear bomb with which to set off either a regional arms race or threaten our allies with nuclear blackmail. And frankly, if Iran is going to get new planes—and nothing in this bill will stop them, the choice is really not whether it is going to be Boeing or Air-bus—I sleep better at night knowing that you have got American eyes on that plane in the form of the after-sale services for parts repair and American hands doing the maintenance to guard against the diversion from legitimate civil aviation use. It keeps us more safe if these are American-made planes. But even if we ignore all the compel-ling evidence that this bill will make us less safe, this bill fails spectacularly at preventing Iran from buying air-planes. In fact, I am certain it would hurt our own aerospace industry way more than it would hurt Iran. It is easy for foreign companies to get around this bill. They easily go to non-U.S. banks for financing. But American companies don’t have that option to cut out U.S. banks entirely, unless you prefer that the proceeds from a sale be kept offshore, that American workers and communities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.008 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6264 November 16, 2016 
never see a dime of reinvestment, and the more than 100,000 jobs this trans-action could support go to other coun-tries. This bill is also an attack on a key pillar of support for our exporters, in-cluding the aerospace exporters, name-ly, the Ex-Im Bank. Despite the fact that the Ex-Im Bank already has a pol-icy against this, despite the fact that there is law against this, despite the fact that the Ex-Im has said they won’t do this, and despite the fact that the seller, Boeing, has said in writing they won’t do this. This isn’t belts and suspenders. This is stapling your pants to your flesh. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this bill that undermines foundational elements of our national and economic security, and, in so doing, I too am reminded of what President Reagan once said: ‘‘It’s not what you don’t know that bothers me, it’s what you think you know that ain’t so.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Wash-ington, who has been a big proponent of the Export-Import Bank and a par-ticular company that he was alluding to and talking about, knows, though, that this bill would apply to any air-craft that the Treasury authorizes for Iran. That includes the 17 Airbus planes for Iran Air. And he brought up, actually, offshore profits. Well, according to Bloomberg, Boeing has $800 million—$800 million in profits stashed offshore; and the reports are that Boeing is pursuing these deals with the Japanese bank already, not a U.S. bank. And apparently the com-pany is less worried about this bill and that financing than my friend from Washington is. b1900 So this is simply about saying that Iran does not have direct access to the U.S. financial system. I don’t under-stand why my friends and colleagues on the other side of the aisle are so freaked out by that. This is simply about making sure that our banking system is not going to finance this deal indirectly or directly and that the use of the Export-Import Bank would be prohibited. This amendment says it is a sunset to this bill upon Presidential certifi-cation that Iran has ceased support of international terrorism—a goal we all have. So if the President can support that and certify that, then this falls away. So we do not say that this deal is not allowed. We simply say that U.S. financial institutions cannot be used for this and that we cannot and will not use the Export-Import Bank—a U.S. taxpayer-funded entity—to do this. At the end of the day, in April of this past year, Secretary Jack Lew told us that there will be no access; and either he misled the United States citizens and this body at that time or they changed their mind. They haven’t told us which, but neither one is acceptable. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. SWALWELL of California. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Swalwell of California moves to recom-mit the bill H.R. 5711 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Page 2, after line 2, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 103. PROTECTING U.S. ELECTIONS. 
The Secretary of the Treasury may not au-thorize a transaction described under section 101 by a U.S. financial institution if such in-stitution is engaged in business with a for-eign entity that has been found by the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, to have engaged in or authorized cyber attacks targeting any elec-tion held in the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopt-ed, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, this final amendment says plainly that no U.S. business may do business with a country that has used cyber attacks to undermine a U.S. election. So if my colleagues are genuine in believing that Iran is a hopeless adver-sary, then surely they will join me in believing that Russia, in its efforts to undermine our recent November elec-tion, should also be treated as such. This motion is really about the fu-ture of two U.S. adversaries: Iran and Russia. Iran, surely a bad actor over the last few decades, has finally in the last couple of years come to the inter-national table and struck an agree-ment with the United States and many of our allies to make sure that we take it from being a country that is 3 months away from having a nuclear weapon to 1 year away. They continue to sponsor terrorism across the world. But today, better than ever before, we have eyes, ears, and checks and bal-ances on them that we have never had. By the way, we can address all of their bad behavior with them being much farther away from having a nuclear weapon than they were before the Iran nuclear agreement. Russia, however, continues to wreak chaos in the Middle East supporting Syria and its brutal dictator Assad. Russia brought down a commercial air-liner over Ukraine and has further in-curred into Ukraine taking over Cri-mea. Russia continues to attack and escalate hostilities with U.S. personnel at our embassy in Moscow. Now the standard bearer for the Re-publican Party, President-elect Trump, has chosen to embrace Russia and take the United States on a new tack. So the question today is: If you be-lieve Iran is hopeless, then do you be-lieve that we should also make sure no U.S. business does business with a country that is trying to undermine our elections? I want to go through some of that evidence. On October 7 of this year, Di-rector of National Intelligence Clapper said that the intelligence community is confident that the Russian Govern-ment directed cyber attacks aimed at disrupting our November elections. Why would Russia do this? Russia clearly had a favored can-didate in this race in President-elect Trump. Russia has been successful. This amendment says that you can-not do business with any country that is trying to influence our elections. This amendment says that if you think Iran is a bad actor, then you have to treat Iran the same way you treat Rus-sia. This amendment says that if you think the U.S. should allow businesses to do business with a country trying to undermine our elections, to undermine the will of our constituents, then you should vote against this amendment. If you are with Russia, then you should be against this motion. How-ever, if you believe that we are closer to preventing Iran from having a nu-clear weapon than we were a year ago, and if you believe that it is better for a U.S. manufacturer to provide com-mercial airliners to Iran and create U.S. jobs and have eyes and ears on what is going on over there, then you should be for this motion. But if you want our elections to be free and fair from outside influence, then vote for this motion. If you want to stand with Russia, then you should vote against this motion. So I ask my colleagues on the other side: Are you going to embrace the new U.S. foreign policy that your standard bearer has proposed, that we are going to undermine and unravel the agree-ment that we have struck with Iran and march millions of young men and women back into the Middle East, an area where we have not had major com-bat operations finally for the first time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.043 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6265 November 16, 2016 
in 15 years? Or do you think that we should treat Iran the same way that we are treating Russia? So I submit that to my colleagues, and I invite them to maybe engage on that question because that is what this motion is about: Do you stand with Russia? Or do you stand with pre-venting U.S. businesses from doing business with a country that our intel-ligence community has said has tried to undermine our elections? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Well, America, you just heard a ridiculous straw-man choice laid out in front of you. Mr. Speaker, this is not about any-thing other than selling and financing aircraft sales to Iran. That is what this bill is about. This is what this bill should be about. I will point out to my colleague that there are some pretty major kinetic activities—I believe they are called at this point, which means shooting war— happening in Mosul and other places where our troops are involved. But at the end of the day, Mr. Speak-er, I want to encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this motion to recom-mit. I look forward to working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to address concerns that we may have with other foreign governments in the future, and I would request that they vote for the underlying bill, H.R. 5711. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion from the House of Representa-tives: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 16, 2016. Hon. P
AULRYAN, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER , this letter is to inform you that I have sent a letter to California Governor Jerry Brown informing him that I am resigning my position as the United States Representative for the 44th Congres-sional District of California effective Sun-day, December 4, 2016. In November, I was elected by the people of Los Angeles County to serve as County Su-pervisor for District 4. It has been a privilege to serve the residents of California in the House of Representatives for the last five and a half years. I have worked to build a better future for our state and country. I also want to thank you Mr. Speaker and my colleagues in the House. I have enjoyed working with you and my colleagues during my time in Congress. I look forward to con-tinuing our work together in order to build a better country. Sincerely, JANICE HAHN, Member of Congress. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 16, 2016. Hon. E
DMUND G. B ROWN , Governor of California, Sacramento, CA. D
EAR GOVERNOR BROWN , in November, I was elected by the residents of Los Angeles County to serve as Supervisor for District 4. I am hereby resigning my position as the United States Representative for the 44th District of California effective Sunday, De-cember 4, 2016. It has been a privilege to serve the resi-dents of California in the House of Rep-resentatives for the last five and a half years. I have worked to build a better future for our state and country. I also want to thank you and your adminis-tration as well as my colleagues in Califor-nia’s Congressional delegation. I have en-joyed working with you and them during my time in Congress. I look forward to con-tinuing this important work for the resi-dents of Los Angeles County. Sincerely, J
ANICE HAHN, Member of Congress. f 
TRADE’S IMPACT ON AMERICAN WORKERS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, we in the industrial Midwest and Great Lakes heartland know firsthand why the Presidential election was so hard fought and close in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin. Our reasoning has endured a grim re-ality with a decades-long economic struggle to produce good jobs with good wages and benefits, but what we have experienced is a continuous out-sourcing of millions of jobs to penny- wage sweatshops in Mexico, China, Bangladesh, and beyond. To the people of America’s heartland, it feels like jobs are being moved just about every-where but into the Midwest and Great Lakes. Daily we witness trainloads of im-ports flooding into our Nation, as closed and protected markets abroad block mutual exchange of exports. America hasn’t had balanced trade ac-counts for three decades, and workers in those nations struggle to survive on measly wages and without spare cash cannot buy much of what they produce anyway. Meanwhile, pink-slipped U.S. work-ers have endured a painful toll—annual wages now $7,000 less per year on aver-age in northern Ohio—while the cost of education expenses, health care, and everyday life rise and further squeeze pocketbooks. Please don’t tell us robots took the jobs. This daily reality was the major backdrop to this recent election and deserves closer attention in the coming days. America’s trade policy must re-sult in trade balances, new jobs here, and preferably trade surpluses for our country, not job loss. That policy must be fashioned on the fundamental value of free and fair trade among free peo-ple. f 
″NONE OF THE ABOVE’’—THE CURE FOR WHAT AILS US The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. G
RAYSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, we have gone through a terrible and traumatic experience in the last year called a U.S. Presidential election. I don’t know how many countless people were ut-terly mortified by this whether or not their chosen candidate won. As it hap-pened, the candidate whom I voted for lost last Tuesday, but I would be fool-ish if I ignored the fact that people all across America had a miserable, ter-rible experience with this Presidential election whether or not their candidate won or lost. You ask yourself: How could that be? Why don’t we cherish the opportunity to choose our national leader? How is it that we have been sucked into this negative vortex of hatred and vilifica-tion called choosing a President of the United States? It seems utterly imponderable. I was watching Saturday Night Live just a couple days before the election, and the not-Hillary actor and the not- Donald actor could agree on only one thing. This is what they said: ‘‘This whole election has been mean. Don’t you guys feel gross all the time about this?’’ They were speaking to us, not to each other. They were speaking to us, the American people. They are right. It is gross. But the question for us is very simple: Does it really have to be that way? Or could we somehow transform this into what it is supposed to be, an exhilarating jubilee revolving around choosing a leader who will make Amer-ica a better place? b1915 But you have to understand that we are in a deep, deep hole here. Both major Presidential candidates entered this campaign with deeply negative favorability ratings, so negative they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.046 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6266 November 16, 2016 
were in double digits. For the past 6 months, it has been a commonplace ob-servation that both candidates were the most unpopular candidates in the history of Presidential polling—about as popular as getting a root canal on your birthday. It has been 13 long years since the Gallup Poll indicated that most people in this country thought that the coun-try was heading in the right direction, 13 years; some Republican leadership, some Democratic leadership, and it all ends up the same way. Most people think the country is heading in the wrong direction. And it has been 13 years, not coinci-dentally, since the majority of Ameri-cans thought that Congress was doing a good job and approved of it. In fact, we reached a nadir during the government shutdown: only 16 percent of the coun-try thought we were heading in the right direction, and only 9 percent of the country thought that Congress was doing a good job. I pointed out at the time, standing exactly where I am standing right now, that, according to recent polling, Congress was literally less popular than dog poop. In one election after another, the voters feel completely ignored. Little or no effort is made to explain to them how their lives might be improved by any candidates running for office. It is all just an ad hominem personality- driven crap-storm. People feel that they are left to choose between the lesser of two evils. Well, take it from me, the choice between two evils is evil. One sort of commonsense observation when you are left with two major can-didates, both of whom are overwhelm-ingly unpopular, is that part of the problem we face is that almost 80 per-cent of the people who are in America and eligible to vote had no part in choosing the candidates. So maybe it should come as no surprise that we end up in a situation like this. I did an interesting poll just 3 days before the election, a national poll, and let me show you what I found regard-ing how these candidates, the nominees of their parties, stacked up against other alternative opponents. Let me show you. Let’s play fantasy politics for a few minutes. If the matchup had been President Obama versus Donald Trump, Presi-dent Obama would have won by 2 per-cent of the vote. If the matchup had been Bill Clinton versus Donald Trump, Bill Clinton would have won with 4 per-cent of the vote. If the matchup had been J
OEBIDEN, the Vice President, versus Donald Trump, Biden would have won by 8 percent of the vote. And if the matchup had been B
ERNIE SAND-
ERSversus Donald Trump, as reported in the Huffington Post recently, B
ER-
NIESANDERS would have won by 12 per-cent of the vote. Note one thing: every single alter-native candidate performed better than the actual candidate who was the nominee of my party in these matchups. Also note that you can’t possibly attribute that only to the neg-ativity of the campaign because, frank-ly, there have been a few hard knocks over the years against Barack Obama and against Bill Clinton and against JOEBIDEN and against B ERNIE SAND-
ERS. Let’s play some more fantasy poli-tics. Let’s look at alternative oppo-nents against Hillary Clinton. Now, bear in mind that, according to the current results, although Hillary Clin-ton lost the Presidential election, she nevertheless won the popular vote by around 1 percent of the vote, as I speak to you tonight. Let’s take a look at what would have happened if she had been pitted against alternative Republican candidates. Hil-lary Clinton would have lost to T
ED C
RUZin the popular vote by 4 percent. Hillary Clinton would have lost to George W. Bush by 8 percent. She would have lost to M
ARCO RUBIO by 10 percent, Mitt Romney by 12 percent, and she would have lost to the Speaker of this House, P
AUL RYAN, by 14 per-cent. Again, note one thing that draws all of these matchups together: the fact that the candidate who actually was the nominee of his party would have done worse against any alternative op-ponent, and the candidate who would have been the nominee of her party would have done worse against any al-ternative opponent that was tested here. Let’s continue, just for those who are curious. If neither of the candidates had been nominated by their parties, we would have had some interesting matchups. I will just give you three ex-amples here. I told you already that Senator S
ANDERS would have defeated Donald Trump by 12 points. He would have de-feated T
EDCRUZby 10 points, and he would have defeated M
ARCO RUBIO by 4 points. Interesting matchups all. But here is the thing. The fact is that the great majority of Americans had no choice at all in selecting the can-didates who we ended up voting for. We might consider it somehow a good thing that 58 million Americans actu-ally voted in the Presidential pri-maries, until we consider that 191 mil-lion Americans did not. Our grievances as a country and our divisions are massive, deep, intrac-table, and widely shared. That makes me wonder whether we can declare our independence from a system that con-stantly and perpetually generates un-appealing and, frankly, sometimes ap-palling alternatives. We can’t go on like this. You know what I am talking about. As Leonard Cohen said, we all feel like our dog just died. We have to change the way that we do politics in America. Now, I am not suggesting that we choose our leaders like the Athenians did. They chose their leaders by lottery. I am not sug-gesting that we adopt Jonathan Swift’s suggestions, but I agree with him that people are the riches of a nation. And I am not going to suggest sitting it out. I realize the temptation. I have heard so many people say over the years, ‘‘Don’t vote; it only encourages them,’’ but I think that is wrong. What we need is a better political system that actually manifests itself in a positive way and leads to a choice between candidates whom—imagine— we respect, we admire, we look up to as they engage in a battle of ideas and principles, not a battle of personalities and personal attacks. I am also not going to suggest that the answer would be a third party. If there is one thing that is clear, the two parties we have aren’t functioning that well. I am not sure that a third party is likely to make much of a difference. And I don’t think that we are likely to see a messiah running for the third party as a Presidential candidate when one we had this year couldn’t even tell us what ‘‘a leppo’’ was. It is a good thing nobody asked him, ‘‘What’s a henway?’’ The answer is 4 to 6 pounds. I think what is missing, after giving this a great deal of thought for the past week, is something very simple. We Americans desperately need and de-serve the right to reject all of the can-didates on the ballot. Now, I realize that that is an unusual notion, but I want you to think about it because I am introducing a bill called the None of the Above Act, whereby, if the last line on the ballot, ‘‘none of the above,’’ gets more votes than any candidate does, then ‘‘none of the above’’ actually wins. I am not talking about the Nevada version that we already have where the ‘‘none of the above’’ vote gets ignored. I am talking about ‘‘none of the above’’ winning and forcing a mulligan, a do-over. We make them do it over until they get it right and give us candidates whom we want to vote for, someone who we feel will actually do a good job in leadership and make the country a better place. Now, I want you to know that this is not unprecedented. I want you to know that in Communist Poland, ‘‘none of the above,’’ actually crossing the can-didate’s name off the ballot, which is a version of ‘‘none of the above,’’ de-feated the Prime Minister in 1989. In 1991, 200 candidates for the Soviet Con-gress of People’s Deputies were de-feated the same way. If the end of communism isn’t enough to motivate you for favoring this reform, here are some more bene-fits: First and most importantly, we eliminate the need, the terrible need, to try to choose between the lesser of two evils. Remember the Louisiana Governor’s race 25 years ago when we were forced to choose in Louisiana be-tween corrupt Edwin Edwards and rac-ist David Duke? Do you remember the bumper stickers that said, ‘‘Vote for the crook. It’s important’’? According to a poll at that time, two- thirds of Louisiana voters wished they could have voted for neither, for ‘‘none 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.049 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6267 November 16, 2016 
of the above.’’ And they were right. They were right. If primary voters haven’t identified the best candidates for the job—not just decent candidates, but actually the best candidates for the job—the general election voters should be able to wave their fingers and say: Uh-uh, no way. I am not going for that until you convince we, the people, that you are the best candidate for the job, and we are going to insist on other choices until we find somebody who is. Now, this will have a wonderful ef-fect, a very important effect, on what we saw drenching us, the tsunami of negative advertising and negative cam-paigning that we saw on our TV screens and now on our computer screens and even our phones, this in-cessant drumbeat of negative cam-paigning. Why? Because both sides will understand that, if you indulge your-self that way, all you are doing is driv-ing down votes below ‘‘none of the above’’ and elevating ‘‘none of the above’’ above your candidate. Let’s replace this terrible malignant notion of vote against him/vote against her with something called vote for me—and here is why. Here is what I will do to improve your life. What am I going to do for you, not what am I going to do to you. Now, in addition to that, I see a big boost in turnout. Last time I checked, which was a few days ago, the total number of votes in the 2016 Presi-dential election was lower than the total number of votes in the 2012 Presi-dential election and the 2008 Presi-dential election and the 2004 Presi-dential election. As of a few days ago, you had to go all the way back to 2000 to find any national Presidential elec-tion where fewer people voted. And here is the really strange thing: back in 2000, we had 40 million fewer Ameri-cans. I think there are a lot of people who will show up for the specific purpose of voting for ‘‘none of the above.’’ I think we will see a massive increase in turn-out if we simply convey to people the right to reject all the candidates, which is exactly how they feel. In addition to that, we will be keep-ing elected officials on their toes. Nine-ty percent of the elected officials in this body, the House of Representa-tives, face uncompetitive races time after time after time. Two-thirds of all the races down the hall in the Senate are uncompetitive. When Members of Congress represent deep red or deep blue districts, they often run unop-posed and they win with 100 percent of the so-called vote, which isn’t really a vote at all. So knowing that, no matter what kind of district they are—red, blue, purple—no matter whom they rep-resent, they will be facing ‘‘none of the above’’ on that ballot will put the fear of God in them. We need to do that. We need to make sure that the com-fortable here in this room and down the hall aren’t too comfortable, and that even pampered incumbents in ger-rymandered districts would have to work diligently to defeat the specter of ‘‘none of the above.’’ b1930 Also, we clearly need to defeat the dictatorship of the primary voters. As I indicated before, 58 million American adults voted in the primary elections, and 191 million did not. What was the result of that? People who were deeply dissatisfied with the choices that they had. Let me show you what I mean. Two days before the Presidential election, I asked in a national poll: How do you feel about those Presi-dential primary elections? How do you feel about them? Almost 52 percent said they were dis-appointed. Only 48 percent said that they were pleased. Interestingly enough, that sentiment of disappoint-ment was widely shared. Among Demo-crats, 38 percent said that they were disappointed. Among Republicans, 53 percent said that they were dis-appointed. Among Independents, who, in many States, didn’t even have the legal right to vote to choose a Presi-dential candidate in either party, 69 percent said that they were dis-appointed. That explains, in part, why we end up with a terrible Hobson’s choice on the ballot. Above all, though, to be able to choose ‘‘none of the above’’ on each Federal ballot would show respect for the voters. In my State—the State of Florida—the Constitution of the State begins with these words: ‘‘All political power is inherent with the people.’’ If you really believe that in your heart— if you believe that the sovereign in this country, the royalty in this country are the people of the United States, the voters—then how can you possibly ex-plain to them why we wouldn’t allow them to reject all of the candidates? This is a practical proposal. I don’t know how many people have noticed this, but we have more than 2 months between the election and when the President is sworn in under the 20th Amendment. We have almost 2 months between the election and when the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate are sworn in here in this building. It is not that difficult to put on a new election within 2 months. I know a lot of people who would favor having elec-tions that take place in less than 2 months instead of approaching 2 years. In fact, it would be a blessed relief. Now, I understand that most people who are elected officials would want to fight against this for their own selfish purposes. In fact, one of the liberating elements is the fact that I will be leav-ing this body in a couple of months. I will be leaving because I was defeated. I will be leaving this body, and that gives me the freedom to be able to do and say what is right and not what is for my own personal benefit. I will point out that many, many, many people across the country believe that term limits are a good thing and that, somehow or another, term limits have been maneuvered through the Florida legislature and the legislatures of many other States. And, of course, term limits limit the terms of elected officials. In the same sense, if term limits can ever be enacted anywhere, that shows that it is possible to actu-ally put a choice on the ballot like ‘‘none of the above’’ that doesn’t favor any elected official anywhere—ever— but favors, instead, the voters and gives them a right that they should have but that they don’t have. In case you are curious, you may wonder what would have happened a week ago last Tuesday if we had had that choice on the ballot. I know, and I would like to show you. According to my poll, 40 percent of the American people would have voted a week ago last Tuesday for ‘‘none of the above.’’ If you were to delve further into it, you would see, of those 60 per-cent, 28 percent would have voted for Hillary Clinton; 27 percent would have voted for Donald Trump; 4 percent would have voted for the third-party candidate put up by the Libertarians; and 1 percent would have voted for the third-party candidate put up by the Green Party. In short, think about what this really means. ‘‘None of the above’’ would have won, and we would have had the choice that human dignity suggests we should have—a choice involving new candidates to decide who rules over this Nation of 300 million-plus people and becomes the leader of the free world—a new set of choices, a better set of candidates, and a brighter fu-ture. If we simply can’t stand the can-didates we have got, we need new ones. Isn’t that obvious? Think of it as vot-ing with your middle finger. We de-serve this choice. As human beings, as Americans—as people who deserve to have full control over our own sov-ereign fate—we deserve the choice of ‘‘none of the above.’’ Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
A PERILOUS MOMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GALLEGO. Madam Speaker, our country is facing a perilous moment. In my district, parents are reassuring frightened children that everything will be all right. That is what parents do. Our job as Members of Congress is to do the best we can to make sure that those reassurances come true. Madam Speaker, I was born and raised in Chicago. In 2000, I voted for the first time in my life. I voted for Barack Obama to serve in this Cham-ber. While he did not win that election, I was inspired by his message of re-form, change, and hope. Throughout his life and career, Barack Obama has always tried to bring people together. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.050 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6268 November 16, 2016 
Even in a highly polarized and tumul-tuous time, he has always tried to rise above and bridge those divisions and to be a unifying force for good. This is who Barack Obama is. This is who he was at Harvard Law School. This is who he was as a community or-ganizer in Chicago. This is who he was as a State senator, and as our Presi-dent. Right now, President Obama is dis-charging his constitutional obligation to orchestrate an orderly transition of power to a new President. I understand and I respect why, under those cir-cumstances, he has chosen to empha-size a message of national unity. I un-derstand and respect why Hillary Clin-ton, who, despite the painful knowl-edge that she received more votes than her opponent, is doing the same. But I feel that I have an obligation at this moment, as do many of my col-leagues in this House—I have a duty— to tell the truth about Donald Trump. We cannot treat him like any other politician or like any other Republican because he is not. Trump represents something much more dangerous; and while none of us want this to be the case, we have a duty to treat him like the threat that he is—a threat to our values, a threat to our people, and a threat to our national identity. Donald Trump is 70 years old, and it is unrealistic to expect him to change at this moment in time. Donald Trump is a sexual predator who brags about grabbing women without their consent. To date, he has been accused of sexual assault by nearly a dozen women. Don-ald Trump is a demagogue. His polit-ical mentor was Roy Cohn, Senator Jo-seph McCarthy’s right-hand man. No surprise that Donald Trump burst onto the national conservative scene by ped-dling a racist birther conspiracy, ques-tioning whether President Obama was even an American. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President-elect. Mr. GALLEGO. Duly noted. Donald Trump is a bigot. Even P
AUL R
YAN called Donald Trump’s words, when attacking a Federal judge of Mexican descent, the ‘‘textbook defini-tion of racism.’’ Donald Trump is a liar. Senator T
EDCRUZ called him a pathological liar who is completely amoral to boot. Most of all, Donald Trump is a con artist. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is again reminded to observe the decorum of the House and reminds Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President- elect. Mr. GALLEGO. Duly noted. Next month, Donald Trump is going on trial for fraud related to the fake university that bore his name. A series of exposes in The Washington Post have revealed the systematic misuse of funds at the fake charity he estab-lished. In Atlantic City, he enriched himself at the expense of creditors, in-vestors, workers, and suppliers while running multiple casinos into bank-ruptcy. Every one of us in Congress—every single one of us in Congress—knows who Donald Trump is. It does not mat-ter what he says today or what he does tomorrow. His whole life and his whole campaign speak to who he is and to what kind of President he will be for our country. We should be horrified because it is horrifying. The man who boasted, I alone will fix this, will fix nothing. He has broken us apart. Millions of Ameri-cans are living in fear because he has threatened them—Muslims, Latinos, African Americans, women, the dis-abled, the LGBT community, and more. Donald Trump will be our next Presi-dent. We here in Congress must oppose his agenda. We must oppose his efforts to increase his power. Anything that makes Donald Trump more powerful makes him more dangerous. Look at who Donald Trump is. Look at the life he has led. Look at the cam-paign he ran. No one should be under any illusions. Never more in my life-time have we needed strong, aggres-sive, innovative, strategic leadership from the Democratic Party and the progressive movement that fuels it. Donald Trump will not be an ordinary President. Rather than helping him protect the country, we must protect the country from the new President. Madam Speaker, this is unchartered territory. In the days since his election, Trump has attacked the right to protest. He has attacked The New York Times for its critical coverage. He announced that Steve Bannon, a White nationalist racist, will serve as his senior adviser in his White House. He has committed to deporting 2 to 3 million immigrants immediately. His team has threatened legal action against a Senator who criticized him; and on the campaign trail, he threatened to use the regu-latory powers of the Federal Govern-ment to retaliate against his critics. Despite his promise to drain the swamp of corruption in Washington, he is stacking his transition team with corporate lobbyists. Trump is pre-paring to install foxes to watch the people’s henhouse. Last but by no means least, he has refused to engage in any meaningful fi-nancial disclosures or to take any steps to effectively mitigate the conflicts of interest inherent in the President of the United States and also being the head of an opaque network of privately held companies. We don’t know who he owes money to, and we don’t know who is paying him. He has installed his chil-dren and heirs to manage his company even while they serve as top advisers to his transition. Given everything we know about Donald Trump and everything we don’t know, I was alarmed by the words of senior leaders from both the progres-sive and centrist wings of the Demo-cratic Party regarding their openness to working with Donald Trump on in-frastructure. Under ordinary cir-cumstances, we would welcome a plan to invest in America’s infrastructure even if that plan came from the other side of the aisle—especially if it came from the other side of the aisle. But Donald Trump is not an ordinary poli-tician. He is a con artist. He has re-fused to give the American people rea-son to believe that he is not in this to enrich himself. In fact, he has bucked tradition by maintaining his family’s interest in a private corporation. Unfortunately, his infrastructure plan is really a privat-ization scheme. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair again reminds the gentleman to observe the decorum of the House. Members are to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President- elect. Mr. GALLEGO. Madam Speaker, duly noted. He is not reaching out. He is reaching his hand into America’s pockets, and we must not let him do it. When President Obama took office, even Americans who didn’t support him celebrated his election and what he said about our country, and we united in wishing him well. Here in Congress, however, Republicans an-nounced that they would not lift a fin-ger to help him lead our country. As Donald Trump takes office, even Americans who did reluctantly cast their votes for him worry about what his election says about our country. And if we are united, it is our fervent hope that he does not govern the way he has campaigned. Here in Congress, however, we cannot afford to give him the benefit of the doubt. We must not lift a finger to help him scam our coun-try. We must, instead, put every effort into stopping him. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GALLEGO. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 44 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, November 17, 2016, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7467. A letter from the Acting Director, PDRA, Rural Utilities Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — New Equipment Con-tract, RUS Contract Form 395 for Tele-communications and Broadband Borrowers (RIN: 0572-AC29) received November 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.052 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6269 November 16, 2016 
7468. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Office of the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Qualified Fi-nancial Contracts Recordkeeping Related to Orderly Liquidation Authority (RIN: 1505- AC46) received November 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 7469. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report titled ‘‘Evaluation Findings — Performance Improvement Report FY 2014- 2015’’, pursuant to Sec. 238j(b) of the Public Health Service Act, as amended by the Pre-ventive Health Amendments of 1993; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7470. A letter from the Deputy Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Listing of Color Additives Ex-empt From Certification; Titanium Dioxide and Listing of Color Additives Subject to Certification; [Phthalocyaninato (2-)] Copper [Docket No.: FDA-2016-F-0821] received No-vember 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7471. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting The President’s Bi-Monthly Re-port on Cyprus covering the period June 1, 2016, through July 31, 2016, pursuant to Sec. 620(c) of the Foreign Assistance act of 1961, as amended, and in accordance with Sec. 1(a)(6) of Executive Order 13313; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 7472. A letter from the Chair, Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, trans-mitting the semiannual report prepared by the Inspector General of the Federal Reserve System for the six-month period ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the In-spector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 7473. A letter from the Director, Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency, transmitting the Agency’s fiscal years 2014 and 2015 Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act (FAIR Act) employee inventory report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); ; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 7474. A letter from the General Manager, Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, transmitting notification that the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board’s FY 2014 and FY 2015 inventories have been posted to the Board’s Internet site, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7475. A letter from the Executive Director, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting no-tification that the Federal Trade Commis-sion will restate its Fiscal Year 2015 Balance Sheet on the FY 2016 Agency Financial Re-port, as required by Sec. II.4.5.4 of the Office of Management and Budget Circular No. A- 136; to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. 7476. A letter from the Chairman and Gen-eral Counsel, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting the Board’s Semiannual Report of the Office of the Inspector General for the period April 1, 2016, through Sep-tember 30, 2016; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 7477. A letter from the Director, Office of Financial Management, United States Cap-itol Police, transmitting Statement Of Dis-bursements of the U.S. Capitol Police for the period April 1, 2016, through September 30, 2016, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 1910(a); Public Law 109-55, Sec. 1005; (119 Stat. 575) (H. Doc. No. 114—184); to the Committee on House Admin-istration and ordered to be printed. 7478. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Of-fice of Protected Resources, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s final rule — Designating the Sakhalin Bay-Nikolaya Bay- Amur River Stock of Beluga Whales as a De-pleted Stock Under the Marine Mammal Pro-tection Act (MMPA) [Docket No.: 151113999- 6950-02] (RIN: 0648-BF55) received November 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7479. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of the Appalachian High Country Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB- 2016-0003; T.D. TTB-144; Ref: Notice No.: 158] (RIN: 1513-AC25) received November 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 7480. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major notice — Medicare Program; CY 2017 Inpatient Hospital Deductible and Hospital and Extended Care Services Coinsurance Amounts [CMS-8062-N] (RIN: 0938-AS70) re-ceived November 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7481. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicability of Section 411(b)(5)(B)(i) to Implicit Interest Pension Equity Plans (Notice 2016-67) received November 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 7482. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Adjusted Applicable Dollar Amount for Fee Imposed by Sections 4375 and 4376 (Notice 2016-64) received November 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 7483. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulation — Removal of the 36-month Non-pay-ment Testing Period Rule [TD 9793] (RIN: 1545-BM01) received November 10, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7484. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major notice — Medicare Program; Medicare Part B Monthly Actuarial Rates, Premium Rate, and Annual Deductible Beginning Jan-uary 1, 2017 [CMS-8064-N] (RIN: 0938-AS72) re-ceived November 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5032. A bill to allow cer-tain property in the town of Louisa, Vir-ginia, to be used for purposes related to com-pliance with water quality standards, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–829). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
REPORTED BILL SEQUENTIALLY REFERRED Under clause 2 of rule XII, bills and reports were delivered to the Clerk for printing, and bills referred as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 329. A bill to amend the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facili-tate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, training, and related serv-ices from diverse Federal sources, and for other purposes, with an amendment; Rept. 114–828, Pt. 1; referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and Ways and Means for a period ending not later than De-cember 8, 2016, for consideration of such pro-visions of the bill and amendment as fall within the jurisdiction of those committees pursuant to clauses 1(e) and 1(t) of rule X. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SARBANES: H.R. 6324. A bill to amend the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 to prohibit the use of funds provided to the President-elect and the Vice President-elect under such Act for any services or facilities provided by registered lobbyists; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6325. A bill to establish an inde-pendent advisory committee to review cer-tain regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6326. A bill to prohibit any new major rule from taking effect until the Secretary of Labor conducts a study to determine the impact of such rule on wages and employ-ment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6327. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to require that the Department of Labor be a covered agency for purposes of regulatory flexibility analyses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6328. A bill to establish grant pro-grams to provide for the establishment of a national hate crime hotline and a hate crime information and assistance website, to pro-vide training and education to local law en-forcement to prevent hate crimes, and to provide assistance to victims of hate crimes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16NO7.000 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6270 November 16, 2016 
By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6329. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow for a refundable credit against tax for costs associated with naturalization; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. E
STY, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C
OURTNEY , and Mr. H IMES): H.R. 6330. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to carry out a study regarding the suitability and feasibility of establishing the Naugatuck River Valley National Herit-age Area in Connecticut, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6331. A bill to authorize Federal agen-cies to establish prize competitions for inno-vation or adaptation management develop-ment relating to coral reef ecosystems and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself and Mr. T
AKANO ): H.R. 6332. A bill to establish grant pro-grams to provide for the establishment of a national hate crime hotline and a hate crime information and assistance website, to pro-vide training and education to local law en-forcement to prevent hate crimes, and to provide assistance to victims of hate crimes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. B
UCHANAN ): H.R. 6333. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to the ac-creditation of osteopathic residency training programs for purposes of graduate medical education payments under the Medicare pro-gram; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH (for himself and Mrs. B
USTOS ): H.R. 6334. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a grant program to assist eligible entities in carrying out programs to replace lead service lines for schools and solder that is not lead free used in the plumbing for schools, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself and Mr. N
EAL): H.R. 6335. A bill to amend the non-discrimination provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to protect older, longer service participants; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HANNA (for himself, Mr. D
ENT, Mr. K
IND, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. M
CCAUL, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. J ONES , Mr. G
IBSON , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. D ONO-
VAN, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C ARSON of Indi-ana, Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. M
ICA, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. H UD-
SON): H. Res. 925. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the vital role the Civil Air Patrol has played, and continues to play, in supporting the homeland security and national defense of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: H. Res. 926. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the President should award the Presidential Medal of Freedom, posthumously, to Mrs. Henrietta Lacks, in recognition of her in-valuable contribution to modern science in the form of her own immortal cells-HeLa cells-without which life-saving medicines and procedures would not have been devel-oped at critical moments in our Nation’s his-tory; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H. Res. 927. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the third Wednesday of November as ‘‘Utility Scam Awareness Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
304. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania, relative to Senate Resolution No. 421, urging the President and the Congress of the United States to review the changes to the Federal floodplain management regula-tions to assess whether exceptions should be made for potential building projects so that applications can be submitted to the Penn-sylvania Housing Finance Agency for review and consideration under the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit program and so that the applications are not at an economic dis-advantage; to the Committee on Financial Services. 305. Also, a memorial of the General As-sembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution No. 183, urging Con-gress and the President of the United States to enact legislation to ensure that students from the State of New Jersey and through-out the United States have access to debt- free higher education at public colleges and universities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SARBANES: H.R. 6324. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6325. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution to make all Laws which shall be necessary and propery for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6326. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States; the power to regulate commerce among the several states and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6327. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States; the power to regulate commerce among the several states and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 to make all Laws which shall be necessary and propery for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6328. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power *** To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6329. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 6330. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6331. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Sec-tion 8, Clause 1 of the United States Con-stitution (General Welfare Clause), Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (Commerce), and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause) By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6332. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6333. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 and Clause 3 of Section 8 of Arti-cle I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 6334. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16NO7.100 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6271 November 16, 2016 
the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 6335. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 213: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 221: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 563: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 592: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 775: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 793: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 814: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 862: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1095: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1151: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 1218: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1763: Mr. L
EVIN and Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 1855: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 2001: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 2076: Mr. R
OHRABACHER and Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 2103: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2293: Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. M URPHY of Penn- sylvania, and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 2759: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2894: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 2962: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3084: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 3397: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 3516: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 3522: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3648: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3652: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 3785: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 3991: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 4151: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. D
OLD, and Mr. F LEISCHMANN . H.R. 4247: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 4456: Mrs. B
LACK and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 4514: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 4585: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 4640: Mr. H
IGGINS and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 4646: Ms. L
EEand Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 4682: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4693: Mr. H
INOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 4718: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 4770: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4813: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 4832: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4896: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 4919: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 5009: Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 5073: Ms. H
AHN. H.R. 5090: Mr. K
IND, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 5172: Mr. D
ENT and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5205: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Ms. L EE. H.R. 5207: Ms. E
STY. H.R. 5219: Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 5235: Ms. B
ASS, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. A
GUILAR and Mrs. C APPS . H.R. 5369: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5418: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 5454: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. E
LLISON , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5501: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 5560: Mrs. B
EATTY , Mrs. C APPS and Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 5621: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 5635: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5682: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5689: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 5764: Mr. S
ERRANO and Mr. C ONYERS . H.R. 5851: Ms. LEE, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5951: Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. D OGGETT , and Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 5980: Mr. K
ILMER , H.R. 5999: Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. C URBELO of Flor- ida, Mr. H
ECKof Washington, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. B OST, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. K
IND. H.R. 6020: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia and Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 6025: Mr. M
ARCHANT and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 6037: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. H IMES, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. K EATING , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 6049: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 6067: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 6108: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 6117: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 6175: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 6211: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. N OLAN , and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 6213: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 6226: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 6234: Mr. G
IBSON , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 6273: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 6277: Mr. L
AMBORN . H. Con. Res. 159: Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. M
EADOWS . H. Con. Res. 165: Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Ms. M ENG, and Mr. H
UDSON . H. Res. 268: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H. Res. 831: Mr. H
OLDING . H. Res. 861: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. M ARCH -
ANT, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, and Mr. P OEof Texas. H. Res. 918: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. P OCAN . H. Res. 922: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.013 H16NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6387 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2016 No. 164 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2:30 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Lord God, who alone spreads out the heavens and rules the raging of the seas, make haste and touch our Na-tion with Your healing hands. Use our lawmakers to provide the checks and balances that will unite this land. Lord, give them the wisdom to in-quire of You, seeking to be Your in-struments in the unfolding of Your lov-ing providence. Confound the enemies of freedom until justice rolls down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream. Lord, do for this land we love im-measurably, abundantly, above all that we can ask or imagine, as Your will is done on Earth, even as it is done in Heaven. O God, You are our helper and deliv-erer. Continue to be our shelter in the time of storm. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
COTT). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
SENATE LEADERSHIP FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this morning our conference came together to select a Republican leadership team for the 115th Congress. It is an honor to be chosen once again by my colleagues to continue serving as leader. I know I speak for every Republican Senator in expressing gratitude to the American people for entrusting us with this new majority. It is a great responsibility and one that we do not take lightly. I want to recognize Senator SCHUMER  and the new Members of his team as well. Leading a party—any party—in the Senate is no easy task. Our col-league from New York has a tough job ahead of him, but he is pretty tough as well, and I send him my congratula-tions. Regardless of party, though, one thing is clear. We have work to do. I know each of us is eager to get started. That includes Senator-Elect T
ODD Y
OUNG from Indiana. I have had the op-portunity to spend time with him this week and to congratulate him on his truly impressive victory. It was a hard- fought race, and he should be proud of the outstanding campaign he ran. Of course, our friend Senator D
ANCOATS  leaves behind some pretty big shoes to fill. I will have more to say about that later, but I am confident that Senator- Elect Y
OUNG is up to the task. So we are all looking forward to his joining us on this side of the Capitol come next January. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
ELECTORAL COLLEGE Mr. REID. Mr. President, election day was tough for a lot of Americans. To say things didn’t go the way we wanted on this side of the aisle would be a gross understatement. America is still reeling from this, and there will be even more concern in a few days when the final vote tally comes because Hil-lary Clinton will have gotten more than 2 million votes more than Donald Trump. So I think it speaks volumes that a Democratic Senator entered legislation yesterday that will take a look at the electoral college system. This should not be a partisan issue. It should be an issue that committees of jurisdiction in this body take a look at. Let’s listen to some experts talk about it and find out if the system is working very well. It was set up a long time ago, and maybe it should be changed. So, I think it is something we need to take a look at. It is interesting that just in the last few years—in this century—we have had two winners of elections that got less votes than the losers. I am sorry. We have two elections this century where the losers got more votes than the winners. So we need to take a look at that, and so I hope something is done on a bipartisan basis because no one knows what is going to happen 4 years from now, 8 years from now, 12 years from now. It is something that should be looked at. It is very impor-tant for us as a country to take an-other look at the electoral college sys-tem. f 
NEVADA ELECTION RESULTS Mr. REID. Mr. President, there were a number of bright spots on election day, but I have to say, without any question, that the one for us was in Ne-vada. We scored victories everyplace. The Koch brothers came to the State and publicly said: R
EIDhas been hard on us, and we are going to teach him a lesson. I wasn’t born yesterday. I knew. They really didn’t frighten me. In spite of all their untold wealth, they could not affect what we had built up over the years in Nevada. We car-ried the State by about 30,000 votes for Hillary Clinton, which maybe in Cali-fornia it doesn’t sound like a lot, but in South Carolina and Nevada it is a lot of votes—30,000 votes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.000 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6388 November 16, 2016 
In the Senate seat to replace me, we won by a large margin. We picked up two Democratic House seats. Out of the six Democratic House seats that were picked up in this past election, a third of them came from Nevada. We turned the assembly to a big, big majority. The State senate now has 21 members. It was 11-to-10 Republican. It is now 11– 10 Democratic. To make it even better, the day after the election a Republican State senator switched to become an Independent, like B
ERNIE SANDERS and A
NGUS KING. So there is a two-vote ma-jority there. It was really a good day for Nevada. We rejected the divisive vision of America that some had, but we also en-acted some important reforms. In Ne-vada—the Wild West, NRA members galore—we voted to have background checks. When I went to the State legis-lature a long time ago, in 1969, as a young assemblyman, I introduced leg-islation to have a 3-day waiting period before you can buy a gun. That has been longstanding in most of rural Ne-vada. They eliminated that. But I started being concerned about this a long time ago, and now in Nevada we are going to have background checks for people purchasing guns. That is good. The National Rifle Association spent millions of dollars trying to stop that, but we cared more about keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous peo-ple than catering to people with special interests. I mention the NRA. Listen, the Na-tional Rifle Association used to be a different organization. After the Col-umbine horror in Colorado, they came out saying that we should do some-thing for background checks. They have changed. Members of the NRA in Nevada understand that. They are like NRA members all over the country. The majority of NRA members believe there should be background checks and you shouldn’t as a criminal be able to buy a gun or you shouldn’t be able to buy a gun if you are unstable mentally. We elected the first Latina Senator in the history of the country, C
ATH-
ERINE CORTEZ MASTO . We are a diverse State. I am happy that our elected leaders that we brought back here cer-tainly represent that. I have talked about C
ATHERINE COR-
TEZMASTO . She is going to be a won-derful Senator. I am so proud of her. I have known her family for years. I have admiration for her accomplish-ments as a prosecutor and attorney general for the State. The Nevada seat was a Koch brothers prize, but they came in second. We also elected R
UBEN KIHUEN . He is a fine man. He is a Mexican immigrant elected to the House of Representa-tives. He will do a good job, this young man. I have so much admiration for him. The picture on the front page of our papers in Las Vegas was really wonderful. His mom and dad, immi-grants themselves, with their boy who is now going to be a Member of Con-gress. That is pretty dramatic. They came to the United States wanting to live the American dream, and that is what they have done. Serving with RUBEN and serving with C
ATHERINE in the Congress is a woman by the name of J
ACKY ROSEN . JACKY  has been an inspiring community lead-er for years, working as president of her synagogue. J
ACKY has no experi-ence in politics—zero. She ran for a seat that is just a tiny bit Democratic, but a very competitive seat. It is a seat that Congressman H
ECK lost for the Senate and held for three terms. She didn’t have a really long resume, other than being a wonderful person who had a great family and was involved in community activities. She was presi-dent of her synagogue. She proved to be a tremendously talented candidate, and she will be good here in Wash-ington as a Member of Congress. D
INATITUS, a longtime Member of Congress, is returning to the House for a fourth term. She knows Nevada in-side and out. She is a longtime member of the State legislature and a professor at UNLV. So I am grateful for these good peo-ple who are now going to be Members of the Congress of the United States. C
ATHERINE , RUBEN , JACKY , and D INA will be great for Nevada and the coun-try. Our Democratic legislature in Ne-vada will be led by an African Amer-ican, Aaron Ford. We have an African American leading the State senate. He is the majority leader. He is a wonder-ful young man who is so talented, well educated. He has a Ph.D. and a law de-gree. He has it all. Jason Frierson is going to be leading the assembly as speaker. He is just a good person, a good guy with an ac-complished record in the State assem-bly. There has been some talk about ‘‘the Reid machine,’’ but, of course, the ma-chine is leaving Washington in a few weeks. But it is not about me. It is about our State and about the progress we have made over the years. The vic-tories we saw last week speak volumes about the talent of the candidates and the people working to make sure these victories happen. Most of the work done in the State was by volunteers. There were thousands of people—thou-sands of people—out in the streets 2 weeks before the election. On one Saturday, 70,000 doors were knocked on in the small State of Ne-vada—70,000. Having done door-to-door stuff ourselves, we all know that there were not 70,000 people home, but thou-sands and thousands of people were reached through that process. As I have mentioned, our State has a crop of incredibly talented leaders to stand up to the Trump administration and hold Republicans accountable. Our new leaders are going to fight for the issues that are important to the people of the State of Nevada, all issues deal-ing with immigrants. My father-in-law was an immigrant to the United States from Russia. My grandfather was from England. We are going to do everything we can to make sure that people under-stand the importance of immigration. On Yucca Mountain, they asked me a couple of days ago about the Repub-licans wanting to revive Yucca Moun-tain. Well, I know the Presiding Officer and the Republicans are concerned about money. So if the Republicans want to revive Yucca Mountain, bring a great big checkbook because what it is going to cost to revive that is not millions of dollars but billions of dol-lars—billions. There is nothing there. All the equipment has been junked, ground up. It is where they sell junk and metal. It is gone. What I say is, if the Republicans want to waste money on that, let them do it. Let them do it because it doesn’t meet the environmental standards of anyplace, let alone our country. So let them try to revive it. But I say to my Republican friends, make sure you have a lot of money. We are going to do everything to-gether in the next few weeks, and cer-tainly when I am gone, the new Con-gressional delegation will do every-thing they can to protect clean energy. We have really done a lot with wind, solar, and geothermal. We need to con-tinue that. In Nevada, 87 percent of the land is owned by the Federal Government. I know that is hard to comprehend. The Presiding Officer is from South Caro-lina. If you come to one of the beau-tiful wilderness areas, that land is not mine. That land is not Nevada land. It is your land. It is public land. You have as much right as anyone to enjoy those beautiful mountains that we have. We have 314 mountain ranges. We have a mountain that is 14,000 feet high. We have 32 mountains over 11,000 feet high. These are your mountains, just as they are mine. I say to the Presiding Officer, don’t be part of a deal to sell those public lands to the private sector. The States and local governments—they cannot protect those lands. So for our children and our grandchildren, don’t let them mess with public lands. I appreciate the Presiding Officer lis-tening to me. I will close by saying that I am very proud of what happened in the State of Nevada a week ago yes-terday. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, what is the business before the Senate? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
AMERICAN ENERGY AND CON-SERVATION ACT OF 2016—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.001 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6389 November 16, 2016 
proceed to S. 3110, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 543, S. 3110, a bill to provide for reforms of the ad-ministration of the outer Continental Shelf of the United States, to provide for the de-velopment of geothermal, solar, and wind en-ergy on public land, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I want to speak on the bill. We are going to have a vote somewhere around midday tomorrow on this bill. This Senator comes to this issue with a long history of drilling for oil off our coast. Ever since I was a young Congressman, I have been fighting to keep oil rigs off Florida’s coast. It is especially impor-tant at this time, as we have a new ad-ministration coming in that took a public position in the election declar-ing the intent of the President-elect to open up additional areas off the coast to oil drilling. The package that we are going to consider tomorrow is an en-hancement of exactly that goal. I want to point out to the Senate why this is not in the interest of our country now. First of all, we are deal-ing with a law that we passed about 5 or 6 years ago with an acronym of GOMESA, which opened up for the first time oil revenues that came from Fed-eral waters to be shared with the Gulf States. We were doing this primarily in the interests of Louisiana because Lou-isiana had been hit so hard by Hurri-cane Katrina, and there was a need to restore a lot of those marshes. This was another way of getting revenue to the State of Louisiana. At the same time that bill was passed, it enhanced a law that we had passed with my former colleague Senator Mel Martinez back in the 2006 timeframe that kept the oil drilling off Florida in the gulf— and kept it off, and it is in law. It is the only place of the Outer Continental Shelf where it is in law that you can-not drill up through the year 2022. I want to point out for the historical record why that is so and why this bill we are considering tomorrow is not in the interest of the country. This area in yellow is the Gulf of Mexico off of Florida. This is Florida, the peninsula, the Keys. This is the gulf coast of Flor-ida. Over here is Pensacola. All of that area in yellow is off limits to drilling until the year 2022. Why? Well, it does not take a rocket scientist to realize what happened to Florida’s economy after the Deep Water Horizon oil spill. The oil got as far as Pensacola. The spill was over here off of Louisiana. It got to the beaches of Pensacola, some to Destin, some tar balls to Panama City, until the wind started sending it back the other way. But what happened to Florida’s tour-ism industry on its gulf coast for an entire season? The tourists thought there was oil on our beaches, and tour-ists did not come for an entire season all the way down to Marco Island, Naples—all of those beautiful sugary white sand beaches, including the beaches of Northwest Florida. They did not come because they thought there was oil there. That did not just affect the airlines and the ho-tels. It affected the dry cleaners and the restaurants and all of the largest industry in Florida, which is the tour-ism industry. That is one reason. Another reason is that there are so many of the bays and estuaries along this gulf coast where the critters are hatched that supply the fish stocks for the entire gulf. Of course, there are stocks that are hatched here that mi-grate out into the other oceans. But there is a third reason. That rea-son is that all of this area to the east of this line—in other words, 125 miles off Panama City, 235 miles off Tampa Bay, even further off Naples—all of that is the largest testing and training area in the world for the U.S. military. The Department of Defense has issued two letters under the signatures of two Republican Secretaries of Defense say-ing that any oil-related activities here would be incompatible with our testing and training mission, this being the largest one in the United States. That is why we do not have drilling there. You will hear the proponents of the bill say: Well, we have exempted this part. We have exempted it not only because it is off limits in law, but what they are doing to the rest of the gulf coast is almost doubling the rev-enue sharing that would go to the States, the Gulf States, thereby giving even more incentive for the State gov-ernments to want to have drilling off of their coasts regardless of the U.S. mili-tary, regardless of the economic engine of Florida, regardless of the very deli-cate environment. But there is more. As a matter of fact, the bill before us would offer rev-enue sharing to States. Mind you, this is drilling in Federal waters. Any rev-enue would typically go to the Federal Government. As a matter of fact, it is estimated by CBO that it would be a loss of $7 billion to the U.S. Treasury. That would also be available for the States on the Atlantic. Here is Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, North Caro-lina, Virginia, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, and on up on the Atlantic coast. I brought this chart to show not only the gulf area off of Florida and the military testing and training ranges, but to look at the military testing and training ranges off the At-lantic coast. If it is incompatible here, are we not going to hear, as we have heard from some in the Department of Defense, that it is going to be incom-patible in the Atlantic region? I want to urge that not only have we been battling to keep our coastal envi-ronments and beaches clean and unpolluted—that is not the only argu-ment. The argument is also one of keeping our national security tested and trained in the most sophisticated weapons and training for the best mili-tary in the world. This Senator is a senior member of the Senate Armed Services Committee. There is a reason that we do not have oil rigs out here. First of all, in the State of Florida, we have Tyndall Air Force Base at Panama City. That is where they are training our pilots on F–22s. At Eglin Air Force Base near Fort Walton Beach, that is where about half of the U.S. Air Force train-ing and the other services—the Navy as well as the Air Force—are training their pilots for the F–35 that is now being cycled in to be the workhorse of our fighters. The U.S. Navy, which will have F–35s but presently has F–18s, will fly a squadron to Key West Naval Air Sta-tion. They will be there for a week or two. When they lift off from the run-way at Boca Chica Key, in 2 minutes they could be over restricted airspace, not having spent a lot of time and fuel to get to the area of restriction for their testing and training. So the De-partment of Defense has said: You sim-ply cannot have oil rigs operating in an area where we are testing these very sophisticated weapons systems—and they need a lot of space; from this loca-tion down here, this is some 300 miles— as well as the training that goes on. It is not just for the benefit of our military, it is key to our national de-fense. We have watched the tar balls wash up on the beaches. We have seen the sugary white sands of Pensacola Beach completely black, covered in oil. We saw the harm that was done to not only the local businesses that cater to tourists, such as the hotels, res-taurants, and attractions, but to all the ancillary businesses, such as the drycleaners and the real estate firms. To put it into perspective, for our State of Florida, this is a $50 billion in-dustry that oils the engine of our econ-omy. We are talking about generating some $700 million in sales tax revenue for the State, and it helps support more than 450,000 jobs throughout the State. Why would you risk destroying a State’s economy as well as our mili-tary preparation? It is not as if we don’t have other places that we want to produce oil. Think of the oil shale that has been tapped in the Dakotas, in Oklahoma, and in Texas that is not producing at maximum capacity. As Floridians, the images of the hazmat crews in those hazmat suits and the Coast Guard vessels skimming off the water just 6 years ago are em-blazoned on our memories. Our fisher-men and our businesses certainly haven’t forgotten their own losses that amounted to hundreds of millions of dollars. So if the new administration and the oil industry want to have a fight on in issue, well, they certainly have one. This Senator is going to con-tinue to try to keep the oil rigs off the State of Florida with everything I have, for all of the reasons I have stat-ed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.003 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6390 November 16, 2016 
When we vote tomorrow, I would commend to our colleagues to beware of all of the effects of almost doubling the revenue for the Gulf Coast States of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama, which is at the heart of what is behind this particular bill we are going to vote on, but also beware there are hidden messages in this revenue sharing, and it strikes at the heart of what we have been trying to protect here—the environment, our economy, and our U.S. military preparedness. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
BRINGING PEOPLE TOGETHER  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, as long as no other Senator is asking to be rec-ognized, let me just say that from the perspective of the senior Senator from Florida, I think it is the obligation of those of us who were backing the can-didate who did not win the Presi-dency—as President Obama has said, the President-elect will be the Presi-dent. It is incumbent upon the rest of us, regardless of party, to reach out and to try to help the new President on behalf of and for the sake of our coun-try. This Senator, who in four decades of public service has always tried to reach out in a bipartisan way and bring peo-ple together, to build consensus in order to govern, will continue to do so, and this Senator greets the new admin-istration with that statement. It is im-portant that a statement like that be made, especially in this time where we are so rent asunder, where we are so di-vided, and where we have come through an election that has been—the only word I can think of is ‘‘ugly.’’ Things were said in the ordinary course of con-versation in this election that should not have been said. Particularly as we try to heal the wounds of both sides and take back the awful things that were said and create an atmosphere where we can come together for the sake of our country, that is especially important, and this Senator is going to contribute to that. It is my hope that it will be received on all sides and that we will reach out and try to bring people together. I think it is important to say that, par-ticularly at a time where feelings have been hurt and feelings have been so high and so tense. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. WORKING TOGETHER  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, we are living in historic times. The 115th Con-gress will be the first time in a decade that Republicans have held both Cham-bers of Congress and the White House. Before the George W. Bush administra-tion in the early part of this century, you would have to go back to the Ei-senhower administration—I believe it was 1953—to find a comparable time of Republican control. Interestingly, for the history buffs who may be listening, there have actu-ally been 14 times since 1945 when we have had single-party majorities in both Houses and the White House. Eleven of those times have been our Democratic colleagues and three times have been Republicans. So I come back to where I started in saying these are truly historic times. This morning, our Republican con-ference met to elect our leadership team to serve in the next Congress dur-ing this extraordinary time. After gaining the majority 2 years ago, it has been a pleasure to look back and see what we have been able to ac-complish even with the President from the opposing party in the White House. Yesterday I mentioned the rewrite of No Child Left Behind, which sent more authority back to the States, parents, and teachers to make education deci-sions for children in kindergarten through 12th grade. I also mentioned passing a long-term highway bill for 5 years—something we hadn’t been able to do for a long time. Those are just two concrete examples of how, working together, we can tackle big, intractable problems. Frankly, nothing happens in the Senate unless it is bipartisan. We also passed some other important legislation, something negotiated by the majority leader in the House at the time, N
ANCY PELOSI , or Leader P ELOSI , and Speaker John Boehner, which was the reform of our Social Security laws in terms of how doctors under Medicare are paid. It is an important item be-cause if doctors are not paid a pre-vailing fee or competitive fee for their services, they are simply not going to see Medicare patients and seniors are not going to have access to the care they deserve. We passed a bill sanc-tioning North Korea for its nuclear program and its human rights abuses. We also passed legislation to better support our troops, who fight and put themselves in harm’s way to keep us safe every day. I am grateful to our Republican col-leagues for voting to continue the di-rection of progress for the American people by reelecting their current lead-ership, including the senior Senator from Kentucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL . As all of us have, I have had the honor to serve alongside Senator M
CCONNELL for several years now, although I have served for the last 4 years as the whip or the right hand of the majority lead-er when it comes to trying to corral votes and trying to promote our legis-lative agenda. I found the majority leader to be a wise and steady hand in a town marked by the absence of those virtues, among many. So I am proud to serve with him in the next Congress, as I am with all of our colleagues, and in his case as the majority leader, as his assistant. We also had a chance, having come back together after the election, to talk about the future and to talk about our agenda going forward. Yesterday I pointed out several legislative prior-ities at the top of the list—policy items we have to get right on behalf of the American people—such as confirming a Supreme Court Justice who will inter-pret the laws as we write them and as the Constitution is written, rather than as another policymaking branch of government. We have also promised we would re-peal and replace ObamaCare, which was a failed experiment—failed because the President, when he promoted it, said: If you like what you have, you can keep it. He said: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. And he said: An average family of four will see their premiums go down $2,500. None of that has been proven to be true. So it is very important we keep that promise of repealing ObamaCare and then re-place it on a step-by-step basis over a transition period with more affordable health care that will preserve the choices in health care through Ameri-cans and their families and not Wash-ington, DC. And then there is the matter of legis-lation. After our Democratic friends lost their 60-vote majority in the Sen-ate and the Republicans flipped the House, providing for a divided govern-ment, the one thing that has charac-terized the Obama administration has been its Executive actions and over-regulation. In August, it was reported the President and his administration had issued 600 major regulations with a pricetag of more than $740 billion. If there is one thing I hear from my constituents back in Texas—small business owners and the like—it is that they are feeling the strangling effect of overregulation, along with the cost of compliance and the uncertainty that goes along with it. So it is no surprise to see that our economy has essen-tially flatlined and not been growing because none of this is good for the small business owners we are relying upon to create jobs and opportunities, and it is not good for American fami-lies looking for those jobs in order to provide for their families and simply put food on the table. So we are eager to roll back those expensive, and in many instances unnecessary, certainly in every instance burdensome regula-tions so the economy can have some breathing room and begin to grow again. Many of us are interested in address-ing tax reform as well. There is bipar-tisan consensus that our Tax Code is simply too complex and counter-productive. In fact, it is literally a self- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.004 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6391 November 16, 2016 
inflicted wound when it comes to forc-ing $2 trillion-plus overseas that Amer-ican-based companies would like to bring back, but the reason they do not is they would be subject to double tax-ation, first, in the country where the money has been earned and, secondly, when they bring it back to the United States. Rather than do that, many of them will leave that money overseas. That means that rather than investing in American jobs and American infra-structure, they are literally investing in jobs overseas and in building infra-structure to support their facilities in other countries. That makes no sense whatsoever. So tax reform is high on our agenda. I believe, and I am optimistic, that at a time when everybody understands our Tax Code has simply gotten too complex, too expensive, and too coun-terproductive, we will be able to make some real progress. Coming from a border State, I can tell you I am delighted to hear Presi-dent Elect Trump talk about the im-portance of border security. In a post- 9/11 world, it is simply critical we know who is coming into our country and make sure they do so only by legal means. So securing our border is some-thing we need to deal with, and thank goodness there is no shortage of good ideas. Chairman M
IKEMCCAULof the House Homeland Security Committee has a bipartisan bill I think would make great progress along those lines, but obviously we are going to have to have an important discussion among all Members of Congress and the adminis-tration about how best to accomplish the goal. We also need to remember our ports of entry are where legitimate trade and travel occur, and we should do nothing to impede that because legitimate trade and travel are very important to our economy. The U.S. economy enjoys about 6 million jobs as a result of trade between the United States and Mexico alone. So I look forward to working with the administration and with our col-leagues to make sure we secure our border against illegal immigration, in-cluding human trafficking, drug traf-ficking, and the potential violence that goes along with that, while making sure our legitimate trade and travel at our ports of entry are supported so we can benefit from those as well. Of course, as we debated earlier this Congress, having an updated and effi-cient infrastructure is vital to the health and well-being of our economy. I mentioned the Transportation bill we passed. A long-term Transportation bill will provide for some of that, but certainly not all that is necessary. We need to take a look at the proposals the President-elect is going to send our way, but there is no shortage of good ideas being discussed both in the House and the Senate as well. I look forward to learning more about those, but one thing that hasn’t been talked about very much is how we are going to pay for it, and that is going to be an important item to dis-cuss as well. Frankly, we can’t keep spending our kids’ and grandkids’ in-heritance or at least forcing upon the younger generations the obligation to pay for bills we incur today. One of the things I hope will occur as a result of this historic election is that we will have the courage and the will-ingness to sit down and come up with structural solutions to our financial situation, which is $19 trillion-plus in debt. Because of the Federal Reserve keeping interest rates very low, we are not having to pay huge amounts of money in order to service that debt or pay interest to the people who own that debt, but that is going to change if the Federal Reserve begins to raise interest rates, and we are going to find ourselves paying more and more money to service that debt to the bondholders and less and less of that money will be available for our priorities domesti-cally, whether they be national secu-rity or other investments in things such as medical research and the like. So finding out how we can crack that nut and come together on a bipartisan basis, working with the White House to deal with our long-term fiscal problems and continuing to meet the needs of our Nation are going to be challenging but exhilarating to do. Many are talking about the next steps and what should and shouldn’t happen in light of the new political re-ality, but what is clear to me today is that Republicans are united by a strong desire to listen to the concerns of the American people and to deliver results—results that make their lives easier and our collective futures stronger. I want to say that as com-mitted as the majority party is to that, we can’t do this without the coopera-tion and consensus building that comes along as part of the legislative process. Unfortunately, we have seen the last years characterized by obstruction and filibusters and blocking things that es-sentially have already received bipar-tisan support. I am talking particu-larly about the appropriations process. One of the terrible things that hap-pened this last year in the Congress is the Appropriations Committees have gotten back to work on a bipartisan basis. We would see bills coming out at a fiscally responsible level, with agreed-upon spending caps and Demo-crats and Republicans supporting them, only to see them dead on arrival on the floor of the Senate. That is the kind of mindless obstructionism I hope we can avoid going forward. Just from the conversations I have had as a result of this election, many of our Democratic colleagues appear to be willing to work with us. Certainly, with the new leadership on the Demo-cratic side of the aisle, I am more opti-mistic than I have been in a long time that we can come together while main-taining our strongly held convictions and principles—I am not talking about compromising those but rather work-ing together when we can—and try to develop more ideas to better serve the American people. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I rise in strong support of S. 3110, the American Energy and Conservation Act of 2016. This would increase revenue-sharing with the States for offshore oil and gas development. This legislation is sched-uled for a vote on the Senate floor to-morrow. I am pleased the Senate is finally voting on this critical legislation, and I thank my colleague from Louisiana, Senator CASSIDY , for his lead and his hard work on this crucial issue. Sen-ator C
ASSIDY and I and several of our colleagues have worked hard over the years to bring this issue to the fore-front and help both Congress and the American people understand how im-portant revenue-sharing is not only to Louisiana, to other energy-producing States, but to the country and for the good of the country to expand Amer-ican energy. I also thank Leader M
CCONNELL and Chairman M
URKOWSKI for working with us to bring this important bill to the floor for a vote. Revenue sharing with oil- and gas-producing States is only fair, for two key reasons: First, energy- producing States incur real costs and real impacts from that production, in-cluding environmental, and second, revenue sharing is the most important way we can continue to incent domes-tic energy production over the long term in this country. It makes it fair and smart for our U.S. energy future. Energy production is essential to job creation and an overall healthy econ-omy. If it weren’t for the oil and gas jobs that accompanied the energy sec-tor boom earlier this decade, we would perhaps still be in a technical reces-sion. One point I want to emphasize is that many of those jobs have been cre-ated by small firms in the oil and gas sector and support sectors. These small business energy jobs are something I have highlighted in my role as chair of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, and they are vital in terms of the impact in this sector. This legislation would increase rev-enue sharing for the Gulf States that produce energy offshore and would es-tablish revenue sharing for new produc-tion off of Alaska and off of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia. These are all areas that wel-come the opportunity to have this rev-enue sharing to incent domestic energy production and increase the avail-ability of American energy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.005 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6392 November 16, 2016 
Contrary to what some have said, this legislation would not authorize any new offshore drilling. Let me re-peat. This legislation does not provide for new or expanded lease sales. This bill is about revenue sharing. Let me be clear on what revenue sharing means for a State like Lou-isiana, but there are many more. In Louisiana, we spend 100 percent of these revenues on environmental con-cerns—specifically coastal restoration. We lose about a football field worth of land in coastal Louisiana—just think of the football field you see every Sun-day in an NFL game; that amount of land just in coastal Louisiana—every 38 minutes. That is 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 52 weeks a year, no time off for weekends, holidays, nothing. It is a constant loss. It is an environ-mental disaster. That is the most sig-nificant environmental issue by far that we face in our State. Our State is committed to spending all of the money we receive from revenue sharing to restore, rebuild, and protect our coast. That is vitally important for Louisiana, but it is also vitally impor-tant for the rest of the country because Louisiana supplies so much energy that is good for America. Let me be clear on what this legisla-tion does. It expands revenue sharing to Alaska and the Mid-Atlantic States, so it has impacts well beyond the gulf in a very positive way. Beginning in 2027, Alaska, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia would begin receiving 37.5 percent revenue sharing from oil and gas production off of their coasts, which is what Lou-isiana, Texas, Alabama, and Mississippi receive on new production there. It would also increase revenue shar-ing that those Gulf States receive under the Gulf of Mexico Energy Secu-rity Act of 2006, or GOMESA. Under that law, revenue sharing in those four Gulf States is capped at $500 million per year between all of them, but be-ginning in 2027, that cap would increase substantially. That cap right now is completely arbitrary and far too low. Revenue sharing is vital when it comes to adequately compensating States that help provide so much U.S. energy. It needs to be adequate if we are going to continue to incent those States to play that very important role in our U.S. economy. This legislation would help bring that objective to reality, and it is a critical component of a ro-bust, strengthened revenue sharing re-gime for those major energy-producing States. I urge my colleagues to pass this im-portant legislation. Again, I thank ev-eryone who has worked on this, start-ing with my colleague from Louisiana, Senator C
ASSIDY , who will be speaking on this topic immediately following me. With that, I welcome the Senator’s remarks. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I wish to thank Senator VITTER for his sup-port, his kind words, and his tireless ef-fort over his senatorial career to high-light the fact that Louisiana is losing so much land and there is something we need to do about it. I also thank Majority Leader M
CCON-
NELL for following through on his com-mitment to allow a vote on the Amer-ican Energy and Conservation Act of 2016. This was introduced earlier this year by Senators M
URKOWSKI , SCOTT, V
ITTER , TILLIS , SULLIVAN , and me. I thank each of them for their hard work. I also thank Senators K
AINE and W
ARNER for helping draft the Atlantic portion of the legislation and for co-sponsoring an earlier version. As I just said, this is a bipartisan piece of legis-lation that uses an ‘‘all of the above’’ strategy to pursue true American en-ergy independence. More than anything else, though, this legislation is about creating better jobs with better benefits. If there was one message we heard from this past election—if we actually listened to the American people, if we heard what they were saying, what we heard is that they want jobs that work for them, better jobs with better benefits. This helps accomplish that. For example, a study conducted by Quest Offshore Re-sources, Inc., projects that this legisla-tion would incentivize the creation of 280,000 new jobs by 2035. That same study estimates $195 billion in new in-vestments and an additional $51 billion in cumulative government revenue. That is $51 billion in new Federal rev-enue that this bill helps unlock. It goes a long way to addressing our debt, def-icit, and obligation to future genera-tions. The American Energy and Conserva-tion Act will benefit American families and small businesses by expanding op-portunities for States—not just gulf coast but elsewhere—to support energy development. For years, energy activities in coast-al Gulf States and adjacent offshore waters have produced billions of bar-rels of oil and trillions of cubic feet of natural gas for American families. These States support offshore energy development for the rest of the country and provide the support and pay for the infrastructure needed to bring this en-ergy to market. As with all develop-ment, there are increased costs associ-ated with supporting increased traffic, additional use of local and State re-sources, as well as transportation cor-ridors such as pipelines, vessels, and trucks to get this energy delivered to consumers across the United States. This bill is truly an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy jobs bill. This legisla-tion includes language introduced by Senators H
ELLER , HEINRICH , RISCH, and T
ESTER that streamlines the process for developing the renewable energy on public lands while establishing the first-ever revenue sharing paradigm for renewables. This legislation incentivizes tapping into the 27,000 megawatts of carbon-free energy that the Bureau of Land Management esti-mates could be provided by these projects. Furthermore, if offshore revenue ex-ists for oil and gas development, the same should be true for offshore wind development. That is why we are using the same model established in GOMESA to extend revenue sharing to States that support offshore wind projects. This legislation thus incentivizes developing some of the 4,233 gigawatts of carbon-free genera-tion that the Bureau of Land Manage-ment estimates is available for devel-opment off our coasts. This is the American Energy and Conservation Act of 2016. This legisla-tion makes significant investments in conservation projects all over the United States. This legislation pro-vides an additional $807 million for projects that increase access to public lands for hunting, fishing, and other outdoor recreational activities. This particular provision was included in Senator MURKOWSKI ’s Bipartisan Sportsmen’s Act of 2015, which 24 Sen-ators have cosponsored. The legislation makes investments in a variety of im-portant programs, including the Pay-ment in Lieu of Taxes Program. This legislation is supported by over 50 important stakeholder groups, in-cluding the National Association of Manufacturers, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the American Chemistry Council, the American Petroleum In-stitute, and the Consumer Energy Alli-ance. These organizations understand that this legislation is a jobs builder and good policy for American workers. Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, the Amer-ican Energy and Conservation Act of 2016. I yield back. Mr. VITTER. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING JACK SHATFORD  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, my Ar-kansan of the week is Jack Shatford, and the recognition is both honorary and, sadly, posthumous. Jack passed away last month during one of his many hunting trips to Arkansas. He loved our State and its people, and we all miss him badly. Jack first got to know Arkansas on the other side of the world in Vietnam. Jack and my dad Len served together in the same infantry squad in Vietnam in 1969 and 1970. They became closest of friends, a friendship that only grew over nearly a half century. Jack was from Missouri, so he and Dad were able to see each other regu-larly, often on deer-hunting trips in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.006 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6393 November 16, 2016 
Arkansas and duck- and goose-hunting trips in Missouri. He became like the brother my dad never had, a second son to my grandparents and Aunt Pood. Jack also got to know my mom Avis, just as my mom and dad got to know Jack’s wife Joy. Over time, my sister and I came along and Jack and Joy be-came like an aunt and uncle to us, just like my parents felt about Kurt, Jack and Joy’s son. Some of my oldest memories are traveling to Missouri to see the Shatfords at places like Six Flags, Silver Dollar City, and Branson and seeing how happy and excited my dad was in the days leading up to Jack’s visits to Arkansas. Jack was a lifelong hunter and out-doorsman. He worked for 34 years at the Missouri Department of Conserva-tion. If it flew, ran, or swam, you can pretty much bet that Jack knew how to find it, track it, kill it, and cook it. In fact, I have to confess that Jack probably put more meat on the Cotton family table than my dad ever did. He taught me a lot of lessons as well, not just about the outdoors but about life. Jack helped me see some things through my dad’s eyes, and I figure he probably did the same thing for my dad. Their example from Vietnam con-tributed to my decision to join the Army. That wasn’t an easy time in the Cotton household, believe me, but Jack was there to help smooth things over, and he encouraged me all along the way. Jack was a patriot. He had put his life on the line to defend the country we love so much. I know from my dad’s war stories that Jack was fearless and brave, but he was also gentle and out-going, the kind of guy who makes fast friends. He sure made a lot of friends in Dardanelle where he was like an adopt-ed son. He even belonged to our Yell County Wildlife Federation. Above all, though, Jack was a loving family man, a devoted husband to Joy, and father to Kurt and his wife Mary, and Jack was a doting grandpa to Sarah and Shelby. They will miss Jack as we all miss him so dearly. The pain hasn’t gone away yet. It will not for a while, and it may never go away, but with the pain, we ought to be swelled with pride and gratitude to have known and loved such a fine man. Jack Shatford, rest in peace and fol-low me. 
FUNDING OUR MILITARY  
Mr. President, the world may be more unstable than ever. The security architecture we built after World War II is at risk. Our parents and grand-parents fought to keep the world free from a conflict between major powers. They created order out of the chaos of world war and genocide. They pro-tected our freedom and ensured that our democratic ideals would be the dominant power in the world. The foundation of that order is the U.S. military. Since they toppled Nazi Ger-many and imperial Japan, they held firm against the North Korean assault on the democratic South. They faced down a powerful Soviet Union through decades of Cold War. They liberated Kuwait and have shed blood and sweat for over a decade, keeping America safe from Islamic terrorism. Today our military is composed sole-ly of volunteers. We don’t press our people into service. They choose to serve. Since the draft was abolished, we have had a basic compact with our men and women in uniform. In exchange for their service, we ensure that they have the best training, equipment, and lead-ership America has to offer. We make certain that if our troops must face the enemy, they are equipped to meet the task. With regret, I must say this com-pact is fraying and we are failing in our duty to our military. Today the Armed Forces face a grow-ing number of threats and a shrinking budget. Russia is resurgent. They don’t think they lost the Cold War, only that they were behind at halftime. Russia’s invasion and occupation of Ukraine and Georgia make it clear that Moscow seeks to dominate its so-called near abroad. Moscow wants to divide the great Atlantic Alliance, viewing the confederation of democracies as a threat to the power and authority of a Putin government. Their bombers probe our airspace in ways unseen since the Cold War. They recently sent a carrier fleet through the English Channel. They probe our electronic de-fenses with daily cyber attacks and rattle the sabre of their nuclear arse-nal at the West. China has also risen. They have sought to establish military control over the East and South China Seas. China also probes and attacks Amer-ican servers, stealing vital military and industrial secrets. China has quad-rupled its defense spending in the past few years, seeking control of the Pa-cific Rim. North Korea is growing a nuclear ar-senal and developing the capability to hit any American city with those nu-clear bombs. Iran continues to violate the terms of its nuclear agreement and is the world’s worst state sponsor of ter-rorism. Just last month, Iranian- backed rebels fired Chinese anti-ship missiles at an American warship. Had it not been for the skill of the crew and our modern defenses, sailors may have come home in boxes. In Afghanistan, we lost 15 service-members in 2016. They continue to fight daily, protecting Americans from the threat of a resurgent terrorist threat. How do we repay their service? We have cut their budget by over $1 tril-lion. We have told them to do more with less. We have ignored their needs, long and repeated deployments, and brutal operations tempo. We have cut their pay, forced them to sail on rick-ety ships, and told them to fly on air-craft so old they date back to the Tru-man and Eisenhower administrations. This neglect has taken its toll. In January, 12 Marines died in a heli-copter crash. Low readiness and subpar flying hours were to blame. Last week, six Green Berets were killed in 72 hours. They died in three separate inci-dents, stretching from the continental United States to Jordan, to Afghani-stan. The Air Force is 4,000 airmen short of what is needed to maintain their fleet, and they are 700 pilots short to fly that fleet. They are salvaging parts from scrap yards to keep their aircraft flying. Since May, five F–18 Hornets and Super Hornets have crashed, killing two pilots and destroying all five jets. In the Army, just 30 percent of brigade combat teams are properly trained and equipped to fight. The Navy has had to defer maintenance for combat ships, leaving them more dangerous for the crews. We are wrong to ask our military to work and risk their lives under these conditions, and we cannot wait until the next fiscal year to fix this crisis be-cause this is a crisis. This is no way to treat our troops and the military needs relief now. I will soon introduce a $26 billion emergency spending request, a lifeline to our overworked warfighters. The funds will be used to address imme-diate needs in military readiness and overseas operations. They will give our warfighters critical relief in these try-ing times. They will help keep our men and women in uniform safe as we ask them to do an increasingly dangerous job. I ask my colleagues to put aside old debates and do what is right for our Armed Forces. They are the ones risk-ing their lives daily, not us. They are the ones out on the front lines defend-ing our country, not us. They are the ones begging for help, and we are the ones obligated to provide it. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WORKING TOGETHER  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, it has been the great privilege and honor of my life to represent the people of Ari-zona in the Senate. I am humbled that in last Tuesday’s election they placed their trust in me for another term. Since I first came to this body, I have never taken that trust for granted, and I never will. I will get up every day for the next 6 years determined to work harder than the day before for the peo-ple of Arizona. Of course, mine was not the only election last Tuesday. The American people did their civic duty and chose a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.007 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6394 November 16, 2016 
new President. I congratulate the President-elect. My prayers are with him and his family as he prepares to assume our Nation’s highest office, and I will do all in my power to help him lead us through the many challenges confronting our Nation. This was a long and difficult national election and not always an uplifting one. I know there were many Ameri-cans who were disappointed on election night, and we have seen some of that disappointment in the protests that have taken place in several cities across the Nation. Some of those pro-testers have even taken to using the slogan ‘‘Not my President.’’ This is misguided. I have been on the losing side of elec-tions before, and it is no fun. But America has only one President at a time. We do not have to agree with the President on every issue, and when we do disagree, we should express our-selves in the spirit of mutual respect that is essential for a free and demo-cratic people. Therefore, I urge all Americans to offer our next President good will and an earnest effort to find ways to come together to make necessary com-promises to grow our economy, defend our security, and leave future genera-tions a stronger, better America. That better America is one in which we never forget that whatever our dif-ferences, we are all Americans. We must respect our common citizenship by treating each other with respect. That is why I have been so disturbed by reports of increased acts of intimi-dation, harassment, and even violence directed at minority, racial, and reli-gious groups in the aftermath of this election. Prejudice and hate have no place in America. Such behavior is a betrayal of who we are as a people and all that we aspire to be. To those who have com-mitted these disgusting acts, I repeat the words of the President-elect: Stop it. With the campaign over, it is time for all of us to go about the work the American people sent us here to do, and there is a lot of work to do. For too long, Washington has schemed, fought, and maneuvered to gain political ad-vantage at the cost of delivering for the American people. The predictable result is that we have made little, if any, progress toward meeting the great challenges of our time and too many Americans feel left out and left behind. This election made clear that Ameri-cans are fed up with business as usual in Washington, and they want us to make progress now on solving national problems that threaten their ability to prosper and make a better life for their families. They want progress now on growing the economy and increasing their opportunities to live purposeful and satisfying lives. They want progress now to secure their families and America’s interests from the dan-gerous threats we face overseas. As chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, America’s na-tional security and the men and women in uniform who protect it will be my top priorities. We have to put an end to business as usual at the Pentagon, where the larg-est government agency cannot pass a financial audit and where a broken ac-quisitions system is too often plagued by cost overruns, schedule delays, and poor performance. We have to put an end to sequestra-tion once and for all and return to a strategy-based defense budget. It gives our servicemembers the resources, training, and equipment they need to meet current and future threats. We have to accelerate the defeat of ISIL in Iraq and Syria and continue to take the fight to radical Islamist terrorists who seek to attack our homeland. Above all, we must remain the free world’s leader and stand up always and everywhere for the values that make us exceptional and to which all people are entitled: the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We have to re-invigorate America’s alliances around the world, not discard them in favor of cynical deals with adversaries who want us to relinquish our global leader-ship. We have to enhance shared efforts to deter and, if necessary, defeat aggres-sion from whatever power threatens our interests and values. Achieving these goals will require a team at the Department of Defense composed of the best people our Nation has to offer. The Senate Armed Services Committee stands ready to receive nominations from the new President. The stakes for our Nation are high. So too must be our standards. America has many challenges ahead, but none of us should despair of our present difficulties. Instead, we must believe always in the promise and greatness of America. I still do. In that spirit, my promise is this: to work as hard as I ever have; to use all my knowledge, experience, and relation-ships; and to work with our new Presi-dent and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to solve our problems to-gether as fellow Americans. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CONGRATULATING THE CHICAGO CUBS ON  
WINNING THE WORLD SERIES  
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I rise to offer congratulations to the 2016 World Series champion Chicago Cubs, who are being congratulated in a resolution that I did with my colleague Senator D
URBIN . For 100 years, it seemed fitting that we would overcome the daunting three games to one to win the series. Many times I have said that any team can have a bad century, like 108 years. One of the most painful moments we have had as Cubs fans is watching the 1969 Cubs when we always knew we were going to beat the amazing Mets. I re-member the names: the late Ron Santo, the late Ernie Banks, Fergie Jenkins, and Billy Williams. They were up nine games on the Mets but col-lapsed at the end of the season. In 2016, the Cubs blew away the 1969 record and went all the way. They re-moved the curse of the billy goat and the black cat. That toughness exempli-fies the can-do spirit of the people of Il-linois. No one deserves this champion-ship more than the best baseball fans in the country, the Cubs fans. I also want to give a real shout-out to World Series MVP Ben Zobrist. Fol-lowing the victory, I had the honor of riding in the victory parade. Over 5 million Chicagoans came to watch. I understand from the press that this was the seventh largest gathering in human history. Congratulations to the 2016 World Series champion Chicago Cubs. I want to send my thank you to Tom Ricketts, Theo Epstein, and Joe Maddon, the players, the fans, and ev-eryone involved in making this the most unforgettable Cubs season. I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. RELIGIOUS FREEDOM  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, 1 year ago I came to the Senate floor for a se-ries of eight speeches on a subject cen-tral to the identity and character of our country’s religious freedom. As Congress unanimously declared less than two decades ago, religious free-dom undergirds the very origin and ex-istence of the United States. In that series of remarks, I started with the first principles to establish why religious freedom matters and must be given special protection. I re-viewed the central role of religious freedom and the central role that reli-gious freedom has played in shaping our country beginning long before inde-pendence. I have an example of how I phrased it on this chart. 
From the earliest settlers to the revolu-tionary generation, to the 19th century, to the modern day, religious freedom has been a driving force in American life. Without the quest for religious liberty, there would be no United States, and without the continued guarantee of religious freedom, there can be no American ideal. 
I also outlined the substance and sta-tus of religious freedom in America. In other words, I answered the questions of what religious freedom is and how important it is. From the pen of James Madison to the words of the First Amendment, from statutes to inter-national treaties, religious freedom has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.008 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6395 November 16, 2016 
always been understood to include both belief and behavior in public and in pri-vate, collectively and individually. The status of the importance of religious freedom can be summed up in two words used repeatedly by America’s Founders and leaders from the begin-ning: Religious freedom is both inalien-able and preeminent. In last year’s series of speeches, I also described the ways our govern-ment institutions are increasingly un-dermining religious freedom. These at-tacks come from, of course, the execu-tive branch and even State legisla-tures, and they occur because our lead-ers have forgotten, ignored, or never really learned the fundamentals of reli-gious freedom. A philosopher, George Santayana, wrote that ‘‘those who cannot remem-ber the past are condemned to repeat it.’’ Put another way, as President An-drew Jackson warned as he left office, ‘‘Eternal vigilance is the price of lib-erty.’’ ‘‘You must pay the price,’’ Jackson said, ‘‘if you wish to secure the bless-ing.’’ Unfortunately, we are no longer pay-ing the price necessary to maintain this fundamental right. Either by neg-ligence or intention, political forces in our society are radically changing what has been the very heart and soul of our great country. They want to re-strict the substance of religious free-dom so that it includes belief but not behavior; in private but not in public; individually but not collectively. They want to demote the status of religious freedom from inalienable and pre-eminent to optional and secondary. Ex-amples abound in just the last several years. When the Obama administration and Democrats in Congress fashioned ObamaCare, for instance, they gave no thought to the law’s impact on reli-gious freedom. This is especially shocking given that Federal law re-quired them to do so. The Religious Freedom Restoration Act sets a high standard for government actions that burden religious freedom and explicitly requires that Federal laws and regula-tions meet that standard. The Obama administration and congressional Democrats, however, ran roughshod over religious freedom in fashioning mandates and policies that force people to violate their deeply held religious beliefs. The Supreme Court has twice held that the birth control mandate in ObamaCare is incompatible with the protections for religious freedom that Congress previously and nearly unani-mously enacted. Another example is before us today. Two years ago, President Obama issued a sweeping Executive order prohibiting Federal contractors and grant recipi-ents from taking into account sexual orientation or gender identity when making employment decisions. The order itself is not a surprise. President Obama has been a supporter of LGBT rights throughout his Presidency and believes that gays and lesbians deserve the same job opportunities as everyone else. On that latter point, I—along with most Americans—agree. What was remarkable about President Obama’s order was that it contained no exemp-tion for employers with religious affili-ations. For years, laws prohibiting discrimi-nation in employment and housing have routinely included religious lib-erty exemptions to protect religious organizations from having to take ac-tions that contravene their beliefs. Such exemptions, for example, permit a religiously affiliated school that holds traditional views on marriage and human sexuality to offer married housing only to couples of the opposite sex or decline to hire as a faculty mem-ber an individual in a committed, same-sex relationship. These exemp-tions enable religious organizations to hold true to their beliefs while still complying with the law. President Obama’s decision not to in-clude a religious liberty exemption in his Executive order marked a sharp turn in the wrong direction. One year earlier, Senate Democrats had agreed to include a robust religious exemption in the Employment Nondiscrimination Act, or ENDA, a bill that would have prohibited sexual orientation discrimi-nation in hiring by employers with at least 15 employees. ENDA’s exemption tracked similar provisions in numerous State laws, including Utah’s. Notwith-standing requests from religious groups, President Obama refused to in-clude a similar exemption in his Execu-tive order. His refusal means that a religious or-ganization that wishes to compete for Federal funds may be forced to hire in-dividuals who hold views or engage in conduct that contravenes the organiza-tion’s religious beliefs. This is a direct attack on the ability of such organiza-tions to preserve and promote their re-ligious identity. Earlier this year, the House of Rep-resentatives took action to reverse the President’s troubling refusal to protect religious employers. Back in May, the House passed the annual National De-fense Authorization Act, or NDAA, to fund the Armed Forces. At the markup on the bill, Representative S
TEVE RUS-
SELL of Oklahoma offered, and the committee adopted, an amendment to the bill to clarify that religious organi-zations that contract with or receive grants from the Federal Government do not lose religious liberty. They do not lose religious liberty protections that they enjoy under other laws mere-ly because they choose to work with the Federal Government. These protections, which are found in the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Americans with Disabilities Act, in-clude the ability to hire ‘‘individuals of a particular religion to perform work connected with the [organization’s] ac-tivities’’ and to ‘‘require that all appli-cants and employees conform to the [organization’s] religious tenets.’’ Such protections enable religious or-ganizations to preserve their religious identity by hiring employees who share the organization’s religious beliefs. Now, the Russell amendment affirms that religious organizations and schools enjoy these same protections when they contract with or receive grants from the Federal Government. The amendment embodies the com-monsense, longstanding principle that religious organizations should not have to surrender control over their reli-gious mission in order to interact with government. Unfortunately, there has been a lot of misinformation spread about the Russell amendment and what it does and does not do so let me take a moment to clear it up. Some have claimed the amendment would allow contractors to deny serv-ice to gays or lesbians or would enable any contractor who so wishes to make hiring decisions on the basis of reli-gious beliefs. It would do no such thing. The amendment is limited only to hiring and employment practices and only to religiously affiliated cor-porations, associations, educational in-stitutions, or societies, in conformance with the existing protections in the Civil Rights Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act. The amendment clarifies that reli-gious organizations do not lose reli-gious liberty protections merely be-cause they enter into contract with or receive grants from the Federal Gov-ernment. That is it. We might think that a position reaffirming existing re-ligious liberty protections would not raise eyebrows. Unfortunately, we would be wrong. President Obama swiftly expressed his opposition to the Russell amend-ment. Not only that, but he threatened to veto the entire NDAA, cutting off funding for the entire Department of Defense rather than allow the amend-ment to take effect. President Obama would rather shutter our Armed Forces than enable religious employers to se-lect employees who share their par-ticular values. Regrettably, the President has been joined in his opposition by 42 Senate Democrats who recently wrote a letter to the President outlining their ‘‘strong opposition’’ to the Russell amendment and asking the President to ‘‘ensure that [the amendment] is re-moved from the final version of [the NDAA].’’ The President and my Democratic colleagues are concerned, it seems, that if religious organizations that contract with the Federal Government are able to select employees who share the organization’s religious beliefs, they may make decisions that liberals would disapprove of. For example, a re-ligious family services charity may choose to hire individuals who hold traditional views on marriage and human sexuality. Because the Presi-dent and my colleagues across the aisle do not share these views, they think religious organizations should be un-able to take them into account when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.017 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6396 November 16, 2016 
seeking employees who will promote the organization’s mission. It is dif-ficult to imagine a position more at odds with our heritage of religious free-dom. President Obama and Senate Demo-crats would empower the Federal Gov-ernment to compel religious organiza-tions to hire individuals who do not share the organization’s religious be-liefs. They would insert Federal tenta-cles into fundamental decisions regard-ing religious mission and identity. They would have the Federal Govern-ment declare off-limits traditional views on sexual orientation and gender identity that many Americans hold as a matter of religious conviction. But there is an even more pernicious aspect to the Democrats’ position on this issue. Many liberals argue that claims of religious liberty are nothing more than a front for discrimination. They contend—with some force—that religious liberty claimants just don’t like gay people or don’t like women and use religion as a cover for their deep-seated animus toward disfavored groups. That is, of course, ridiculous. I would challenge anyone who holds this view to actually interact with a religious person. They will find, con-trary to their own prejudices, that peo-ple of faith are loving, gracious, and polite and, more often than not, go out of their way to help the poor and the downtrodden. Religious believers don’t treat others with kindness and charity despite their faith; they do so because of their faith. To my liberal friends, I say: Before you tar religious believers with what-ever benighted stereotypes you see por-trayed on TV and in the news media, get to know some of them. You will find your assumptions about them are totally wrong. Nevertheless, many liberals claim that religious liberty is a guise for dis-crimination. There is no reason, they say, for a religious organization or in-dividual to seek an exemption from an otherwise equitable law, other than animus toward those the law is de-signed to protect. But what, then, are we to make of President Obama’s Executive order and the left’s reaction to the Russell amendment? President Obama could have included a religious liberty exemption in his order—such exemptions are standard in other laws, and numerous religious groups asked him to include one here— but he chose not to. Senate Democrats could easily have agreed to the Russell amendment, which does nothing more than reaffirm existing protections for religious employers—but they chose not to do so. What reason is there to exclude religious contractors and grant recipients from religious liberty pro-tections that are otherwise generally available? Why single out such con-tractors and grant recipients for dis-favor? It makes you wonder. Do my Democratic colleagues not see that the very argument they make against religious liberty can be turned against them? They are seeking to withdraw from religious contractors and grant recipi-ents rights and protections that would otherwise be available under existing law. They are undermining the ability of believers to navigate between sec-ular and spiritual demands. They are bringing to bear the sword of the State when they could easily stay their hand. It is difficult for me to look at the President’s actions and those of my colleagues across the aisle and see any-thing other than discrimination against people of faith. They could give room for believers—as our Nation has done for centuries—but they choose not to. Rather, they cut and nip at reli-gious liberty until all that remains is a hollow shell. I am left to wonder when the drive for equality became the drive to ex-clude and to undermine religion be-cause that seems to be where we have arrived. Give a place for us, say people of faith. Allow us to live out our beliefs. We will abide the law, but we ask you to make reasonable accommodations. Surely a simple religious liberty ex-emption—indeed, one that is already part of our existing laws—would be rea-sonable. I close with an appeal to my Demo-cratic colleagues. The outcome of the fight over the Russell amendment is not in doubt. Even if President Obama vetoes the NDAA or the Russell amend-ment is removed during conference, President Obama’s Executive order will be withdrawn or else amended by the President-elect to include a religious liberty exemption. The Russell amend-ment will become law whether it is through congressional action or Execu-tive order. The question for my colleagues across the aisle is whether they will stand up for the rights of religious con-tractors and grant recipients or wheth-er they will join President Obama’s los-ing battle against religious liberty. Will they protect people of faith or will they prosecute them? President Obama has cast his lot with the prosecution. It is not too late for my Democratic colleagues to choose a different course, and I hope and pray they will. These are not itty-bitty issues. These are issues that go right back to the core values of our country and our be-liefs. Religious liberty is not some-thing that can be cast aside. It is not something that should be cast aside. Religious liberty is a fundamental right, and we should not be playing around with it in the Congress. When there is prejudice and there is discrimination, that is another matter, but in virtually every case of religious liberty, I don’t find that prejudice or discrimination. Our churches are a vi-brant part of America, and we sure as heck ought to stand behind them and make sure religious liberty is always protected. I hope my colleagues will think these things through, I hope the 42 Demo-crats who voted to remove the Russell amendment will change their minds, and I hope they start to realize that re-ligious freedom is not some itty-bitty thing. It is the thing in many respects that has been part of making America the greatest land in the world and the freest land in the world and the place where liberty includes real liberty. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I appear to be on the floor for Utah Day, with the junior Senator presiding and the senior Senator speaking. I am de-lighted to follow the senior Senator. I think in the boisterous days and months we will see ahead, his long-standing reputation for collegiality and reason and the respect in which his colleagues all hold him could become valuable attributes in our Senate. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. President, I am here as the Sen-ate reconvenes from the 2016 election recess to give my 149th climate speech, but I want first to congratulate my colleagues who were reelected and the new Members elected to the Senate and President-Elect Trump and Vice Presi-dent-Elect Pence. With control of the White House and majorities coming in the House and the Senate, Republicans will wield great power in Washington, DC, and as the well-known saying goes, ‘‘with great power comes great respon-sibility.’’ In his acceptance speech, President- Elect Trump asked us all for help and guidance in governing this great Na-tion. My guidance would be first to be responsible. A key test will be whether our President-elect and Republicans here in the Senate choose to be respon-sible about climate change. I am gravely concerned about cli-mate change, but based on the Presi-dent-elect’s campaign, he appears bliss-fully unconcerned, and Congress has been stalled by a decades-long indus-try-controlled campaign of calculated misinformation on the danger of car-bon pollution and by just raw industry political pressure. But the President-elect will soon hear—and, hopefully, take it to heart— from a grownup world outside the creepy alt-right and the fossil fuel in-dustry, a world of people who actually know what they are talking about. The President-elect will hear from our mili-tary and national security experts how deadly serious this is. Our former Pacific commander, Ad-miral Locklear, said it was the biggest national security threat we face in the Pacific theater. To use Admiral Locklear’s exact words, ‘‘climate change is probably the most likely thing that is going to happen . . . that will cripple the security environment, probably more likely than the other scenarios we all often talk about.’’ Geoffrey Kemp, former Special As-sistant to the President for National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.018 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6397 November 16, 2016 
Security Affairs under President Ron-ald Reagan, said: 
Our military and intelligence leadership have recognized, under both the George W. Bush and the Obama administrations, that climate change will present real and costly risks to our national security and that the effects are going to get worse if we don’t do something about it very soon. As General Douglas MacArthur warned about the dan-gers of unpreparedness for war, we don’t want to be too late. 
The President-elect will hear from our National Labs and from NOAA and NASA, the folks who put a rover on Mars and are driving it around and may know a little bit about real science, about the robust scientific consensus on climate change, and the urgency to change our course. If he doesn’t trust our own scientific agen-cies, he can go to any major university in any State in the Nation and confirm what the government and military ex-perts tell him. The President-elect will hear from world leaders who have pledged, along-side the United States, to work across borders to limit carbon emissions. The Paris Agreement brought nearly 200 countries together with the common goal of keeping global warming below 2 degrees Celsius and avoiding the most catastrophic outcomes for the planet and its people. He will also hear from CEOs across America, particularly those in the food and agriculture sectors who are living with climate change consequences every day, and from many others that we need to quit fooling around. I hope the President-elect will listen to these voices of reason and expertise. The people in our Nation certainly are listening. Polls show over 60 percent of Americans are concerned about global warming, and more than 80 percent of Americans favor action to reduce car-bon pollution. Rhode Island, the Ocean State, would tell the administration that the oceans are the frontlines of climate change. The oceans have absorbed approxi-mately 30 percent of the excess carbon dioxide that we have added to the at-mosphere since the Industrial Revolu-tion—30 percent of it. They have also absorbed roughly 90 percent of the ex-cess heat trapped in the atmosphere by those greenhouse gases. Without the oceans to absorb that added heat and carbon dioxide, we would not be wor-ried about the 2-degree warming limit the world community is racing to avoid. We would be looking at a 30-de-gree increase, and life as our species knows it on this planet would be over. Oceans have spared us thus far from disaster, but what they have done to buffer our self-inflicted harm comes at its own cost. Global ocean tempera-tures are rising. In Rhode Island, Nar-ragansett Bay’s mean water tempera-ture is up nearly 4 degrees Fahrenheit. Our Rhode Island lobster fishery is crashing, and our winter flounder fish-ery is gone. As water warms, of course, it also ex-pands, and as glaciers melt, they add to the volume of the ocean. That is why sea levels are rising worldwide. The water is up about 10 inches at the New-port Naval Station tide gauge since the 1930s, and the Navy is actively plan-ning how to defend the Norfolk Naval Station from rising seas. The effect of the ocean’s absorbing all that carbon dioxide is a little dif-ferent. It causes a chemical reaction. It is making ocean water more acidic. The ocean is acidifying and doing so at the fastest rate in 50 million years. Considering we have only been on the planet as a species for about 200,000 years, that is a long, long interval. Rhode Island’s clammers, lobstermen, and aquaculture growers are watching with real alarm the dam-age acidified seas are doing. On Amer-ica’s northwest coast, oyster hatch-eries have already experienced signifi-cant losses when their new hatches were unable to grow their shells in the acidified seawater. Off the coasts of Washington, Oregon, and Northern California, 50 percent of ocean pteropods were measured to have ‘‘se-vere shell damage,’’ mostly from acidi-fied seas. If that species collapses, the bottom falls out of the oceanic food chain. As the oceans go, so goes the planet. It is my sincere hope that President- Elect Trump will feel the call of his-tory, of reason, and of patriotism to live up to the awesome responsibilities he now will bear. The 22nd session of the Conference of the Parties to the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change, the so- called COP–22, is now taking place in Marrakech, Morocco. A similar gath-ering took place in Copenhagen 7 years ago. A full-page ad in the New York Times then called for passage of cli-mate legislation in the United States for investment in the clean energy economy and for leadership to inspire the rest of the world to join the fight against climate change. It said: 
We must embrace the challenge today to ensure that future generations are left with a safe planet and a strong economy. . . . We support your effort— 
They said to President Obama— 
to ensure meaningful and effective measures to control climate change, an immediate challenge facing the United States and the world today. Please don’t postpone the earth. If we fail to act now, it is scientif-ically irrefutable that there will be cata-strophic and irreversible consequences for humanity and our planet. 
That full-page ad from which we took this was signed by Donald J. Trump, Chairman and President of the Trump organization. The signatories also in-cluded his children, Donald Jr., Eric, and Ivanka. Their future and their rep-utations are at stake too. The President-elect campaigned against big special interests control-ling Washington, and he mocked Re-publican politicians groveling before the Koch brothers at their ‘‘begathon,’’ as he called it. He has a simple choice now. He can make his own decisions based on the best recommendations of our military, our national science lab-oratories, and our great universities, or he can fall in tow to the Koch broth-ers—the biggest special interest of them all. He can believe our National Labs and our National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or he can believe the National Enquirer. He can believe our military or he can believe the fossil fuel industry’s denial apparatus. He can believe established scientific prin-ciples or he can believe fanciful con-spiracy theories. His choice will be fateful, and the world and history will both be watching. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COMMERCE LEXINGTON INC. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to recognize an organization in my home State that has been honored for the fine work it is doing for the people of central Kentucky. Commerce Lexington, Inc., the chamber of com-merce organization for greater Lex-ington, has been named Chamber of the Year by the Association of Chamber of Commerce Executives, ACCE. In doing so, it beat other chambers of commerce from across the country, including those representing Brooklyn, NY; Jacksonville, FL; and Tacoma, WA. This is the first time Commerce Lex-ington Inc. has won this award. ACCE’s Chamber of the Year award recognizes the leadership role cham-bers of commerce play in both their re-spective business communities and in civic life. To win the award, Commerce Lexington Inc. had to compete against hundreds of other chambers, including those from 93 of the top 100 U.S. metro areas. ACCE presented the award to Com-merce Lexington Inc. at its annual con-vention in Savannah, GA, this past Au-gust. Commerce Lexington Inc. has been a finalist for the award 3 years in a row—2014, 2015, and 2016. And in addi-tion to receiving the Chamber of the Year award, Commerce Lexington Inc. also earned one of ACCE’s top commu-nications/marketing honors, the Grand Award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.020 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6398 November 16, 2016 
Commerce Lexington Inc. has about 1,700 members, and its mission is sim-ple: to promote economic development, job creation, and growth in the greater Lexington area. It works to foster both the creation of new businesses and the growth of existing ones. Formed in 2004, its roots trace back to 1797. Com-merce Lexington Inc.’s president and CEO, Bob Quick, leads a talented and dedicated staff, and he is doing a great job leading the organization, as it re-ceipt of this award so ably dem-onstrates. Of course, Commerce Lexington Inc. is successful because they have a great product. Lexington is widely regarded as one of the most livable cities in America and ranks high on lists of best places to start a business, find a job, or pursue higher education. It is a major economic driver of the Bluegrass State, location of the preeminent University of Kentucky, and home to the famous Keeneland Race Course. I congratulate Bob Quick, Andi John-son, and the leadership and staff of Commerce Lexington Inc. for winning this prestigious award. Of the thou-sands of chambers of commerce across our Nation, it is quite an honor to be recognized as one of the very best. I am grateful for Commerce Lexington Inc. and all they do for the Commonwealth. 
f 
BUDGET SCOREKEEPING REPORT Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to submit to the Senate the budget scorekeeping report for November 2016. The report compares current law levels of spending and revenues with the amounts the Senate agreed to in the budget resolution for fiscal year 2016, the conference report to accompany S. Con. Res. 11, and the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, P.L. 114–74, BBA 15. This in-formation is necessary for the Senate Budget Committee to determine whether budget points of order lie against pending legislation. It has been prepared by the Republican staff of the Senate Budget Committee and the Con-gressional Budget Office, CBO, pursu-ant to section 308(b) of the Congres-sional Budget Act, CBA. This is the seventh report I have made this calendar year. It is the fourth report since I filed the statu-torily required fiscal year 2017 enforce-able budget limits on April 18, 2016, pursuant to section 102 of BBA 15, and the 11th report I have made since adop-tion of the fiscal year 2016 budget reso-lution on May 5, 2015. My last filing can be found in the R
ECORD on Sep-tember 8, 2016. The information con-tained in this report for fiscal year 2017 and beyond is current through Novem-ber 14, 2016. This is the final report I will file this year that provides fiscal year 2016-specific data, as that fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. Tables 1–7 of this report are prepared by my staff on the Budget Committee. While there are no changes to Tables 4, 6, and 7 from the last report, legislative activities by authorizing committees, table 1, and the Senate Committee on Appropriations, tables 2, 3, and 5, have made changes to budgetary levels. Table 1 gives the amount by which each Senate authorizing committee ex-ceeds or is below its allocation for budget authority and outlays under the fiscal year 2016 budget resolution and the fiscal year 2017 enforceable budget levels filing. This information is used for enforcing committee allocations pursuant to section 302 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, CBA. En-forceable levels charged to authorizing committees for fiscal year 2016 remain unchanged from the last scorekeeping report, as budget authority remains below assumed levels by $51 million and outlays are $2.7 billion above al-lowable levels. The remaining enforce-able levels have all changed since the last report. Notably, over the fiscal year 2017–2026 period, authorizing com-mittees have approved $550 million in new budget authority and $505 million in outlays higher than allowable levels. During the last work period, Congress approved two bills with significant di-rect spending increases, the West Los Angeles Leasing Act of 2016, H.R. 5936, P.L. 114–226, and Treatment of Certain Payments in Eugenics Compensation Act, S. 1698, P.L. 114–241. Over 10 years, the former increased budget authority by $44 million and outlays by $18 mil-lion, and the latter increased both budget authority and outlays by $4 million. Table 2 gives the amount by which the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions exceeds or is below the statutory spending limits for fiscal year 2016. This information is used to determine points of order related to the spending caps found in section 312 and section 314 of the CBA. On September 29, the Continuing Appropriations and Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, was signed into law, P.L. 114– 223. Included in that bill as an offset for supplemental Zika funding was a provision that rescinded $168 million in budget authority for fiscal year 2016 from funds provided in the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. This rescission, which was not designated as an emergency, had the effect of reduc-ing regular nonsecurity discretionary funding charged to the Appropriations Committee by $168 million. Table 3 tracks the same enforcement information as Table 2 for fiscal year 2017. The continuing resolution in-cluded full-year appropriations for military construction and veterans af-fairs programs. As such, that funding has been scored against the discre-tionary caps, leaving $543.1 billion and $414.8 billion in budget authority for security and nonsecurity discretionary spending, respectively, for the remain-der of fiscal year 2017. Table 5 tracks compliance with the fiscal year 2016 limit for overall changes in mandatory programs in ap-propriations bills, CHIMPS, established in the fiscal year 2016 budget resolu-tion. This information is used for de-termining points of order under section 3103 of that resolution. The $168 million rescission in the CR, discussed above, is classified as a CHIMP; therefore, it is scored against the overall limit of $19.1 billion. In total, the Committee on Ap-propriations will be under the CHIMP limit by $1.1 billion. In addition to the tables provided by the Senate Budget Committee Repub-lican staff, I am submitting additional tables from CBO, which I will use for enforcement of budget totals agreed to by the Congress. CBO provided a report both for fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017. This in-formation is used to enforce aggregate spending levels in budget resolutions under section 311 of the CBA. CBO’s es-timates show that current law levels of spending for fiscal year 2016 exceed the amounts in last year’s budget resolu-tion by $138.7 billion in budget author-ity and $103.6 billion in outlays. Reve-nues are $155.2 billion below the rev-enue floor for fiscal year 2016 set by the budget resolution. As well, Social Se-curity outlays are at the levels as-sumed for fiscal year 2016, while Social Security revenues are $23 million below levels in the budget. For fiscal year 2017, CBO annualizes the temporary effects of the Con-tinuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, which provides funding through December 9, 2016. For the enforcement of budgetary aggregates, the Senate Budget Committee excludes this tem-porary funding. As such, the com-mittee views current law levels as being $952.4 billion and $582.9 billion below budget resolution levels for budget authority and outlays, respec-tively. Revenues are $199 million above the level assumed in the budget resolu-tion. Finally, Social Security outlays and revenues are at the levels assumed in the fiscal year 2017 enforcement fil-ing for this budget year. CBO’s report also provides informa-tion needed to enforce the Senate’s pay-as-you-go rule. As part of the fiscal year 2017 enforcement filing, the Sen-ate’s pay-as-you-go scorecard was reset to zero. Since my last filing, legislative activity has resulted in an increase in the deficit of $74 million over the fiscal year 2016–2021 period, but deficit reduc-tion of $35 million over the fiscal year 2016–2026 period. Over the initial 6-year period, Congress has enacted legisla-tion that increased outlays by $482 mil-lion and revenues by $408 million. Over the 11-year period, outlays were in-creased by $505 million and revenues by $544 million. The Senate’s pay-as-you- go rule is enforced by section 201 of S. Con. Res. 21, the fiscal year 2008 budget resolution. Finally, there is one new entry in the enforcement table included at the end of this submission, which tracks the Senate’s budget enforcement activity on the floor. On September 14, 2016, a Senate PAYGO budget point of order, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.009 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6399 November 16, 2016 
section 201(a) of S. Con Res. 21, 110th Congress, was raised against the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, S. Amdt. 4979, for increasing the deficit by nearly $300 million over the fiscal year 2016–2026 period. This point of order was waived through a motion from Senator I
NHOFE by a vote of 85–12. While the point of order was waived, the bill has yet to clear both houses of Congress, and, as such, its budgetary effects remain unrecorded for enforce-ment purposes. All years in the accompanying tables are fiscal years. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: TABLE 1.—SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET RESOLUTIONS 
[In millions of dollars] 2016 2017 2017– 2021 2017– 2026 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Armed Services Budget Authority ............ ¥66 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... ¥50 0 0 0 Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Commerce, Science, and Transportation Budget Authority ............ 130 ¥3 ¥33 ¥8 Outlays ........................... 0 ¥3 ¥33 ¥8 Energy and Natural Resources Budget Authority ............ 0 200 365 370 Outlays ........................... 0 200 365 370 Environment and Public Works Budget Authority ............ 2,880 2 72 212 Outlays ........................... 252 1 57 193 Finance Budget Authority ............ 365 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 365 0 0 0 Foreign Relations Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Homeland Security and Gov-ernment Affairs Budget Authority ............ 0 3 3 4 Outlays ........................... 0 3 3 4 Judiciary Budget Authority ............¥3,358 ¥9 102 ¥72 Outlays ........................... 1,713 ¥9 102 ¥72 Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Rules and Administration Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Intelligence Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Veterans’ Affairs Budget Authority ............ ¥2 ¥1 22 44 Outlays ........................... 388 ¥1 ¥12 18 Indian Affairs Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Small Business Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 1 0 0 0 
Total Budget Authority ...¥51 192 531 550 Outlays .................. 2,669 191 482 505 
TABLE 2.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE— ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2016 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits .............. 548,091 518,491 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 21,750 TABLE 2.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1— Continued 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2016 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 5,101 50,621 Defense ................................................. 514,000 136 Energy and Water Development ............ 18,860 18,325 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 44 23,191 Homeland Security ................................ 1,705 39,250 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 32,159 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 161,959 Legislative Branch ................................ 0 4,363 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ......... 8,171 71,698 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 0 37,780 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 210 57,091 
Current Level Total ...................... 548,091 518,323 Total Enacted Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Statutory Limits ................................ 0 ¥168 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. 
TABLE 3.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE— ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2017 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits .............. 551,068 518,531 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 9 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 0 0 Defense ................................................. 45 0 Energy and Water Development ............ 0 0 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 0 0 Homeland Security ................................ 0 9 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 24,690 Legislative Branch ................................ 0 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ......... 7,898 74,600 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 0 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 0 4,400 Current Level Total .................. 7,943 103,708 Total Enacted Above (+) or Below (¥) Statutory Limits .............. ¥543,125 ¥414,823 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. 
TABLE 4.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS 
[In millions of dollars] 2016 BA OT 
OCO/GWOT Allocation1.......................... 73,693 32,079 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 0 0 Defense ................................................. 58,638 27,354 Energy and Water Development ............ 0 0 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 0 0 Homeland Security ................................ 160 128 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 0 Legislative Branch ................................ 0 0 Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 0 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 14,895 4,597 TABLE 4.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS—Continued 
[In millions of dollars] 2016 BA OT 
Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 0 0 
Current Level Total ............. 73,693 32,079 Total OCO/GWOT Spending vs. Budget Resolution ......................................... 0 0 
BA = Budget Authority; OT = Outlays 
1This allocation may be adjusted by the Chairman of the Budget Com-mittee to account for new information, pursuant to section 3102 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution of the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. 
TABLE 5.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2016 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2016 ................................. 19,100 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 600 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 9,458 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 725 Homeland Security ........................................................... 176 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 28 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ......................................................... 6,967 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 17,954 Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... ¥1,146 
TABLE 6.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAM (CHIMP) TO THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2016 
Crime Victims Fund (CVF) CHIMP Limit for Fiscal Year 2016 ............................................................................ 10,800 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 9,000 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ......................................................... 0 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 9,000 Total CVF CHIMP Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... ¥1,800 
Table 7.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2017 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2017 ................................. 19,100 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 0 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ......................................................... 0 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.034 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6400 November 16, 2016 
TABLE 7.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS)—Continued 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2017 
State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 0 Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... ¥19,100 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, November 14, 2016. Hon. M
IKEENZI, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2016 budget and is current through September 30, 2016. This report is submitted under section 308(b) and in aid of section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the technical and economic assumptions of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. Since our last letter dated September 8, 2016, the Congress has cleared and the Presi-dent has signed the Continuing Appropria-tions and Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika Response and Prepared-ness Act (Public Law 114–223). That act had significant effects on budget authority in fis-cal year 2016. Sincerely, K EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPEND-ING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
[In billions of dollars] Budget Resolution Current Level
a Current Level Over/Under (¥) Resolution 
On-Budget Budget Authority ............. 3,071.2 3,209.9 138.7 Outlays ............................ 3,091.2 3,194.9 103.6 Revenues ......................... 2,676.0 2,520.7 ¥155.2 Off-Budget Social Security Outlays
b 777.1 777.1 0.0 Social Security Revenues 794.0 794.0 0.0 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes emergency funding that was not designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
bExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated annually. 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enacteda Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... n.a. n.a. 2,676,733 Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 1,968,496 1,902,345 n.a. Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 0 500,825 n.a. Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................¥784,820 ¥784,879 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,183,676 1,618,291 2,676,733 Enacted Legislation: An act to extend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Af fairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes (P.L. 114–25) ........................... ........................................................................................ 0 20 0 Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act & Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (P .L. 114–26) .......................................................... 0 0 5 Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–27) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 44 5 175 ¥766 Steve Gleason Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–40) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 5 5 0 Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41)
b............................................................................................................................... 0 0 99 Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–53) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 700 775 0 Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–55) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 130  0 0 Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–58) .................................................. ............................................................................................................... ¥2 368 0 Protecting Affordable Coverage for Employees Act (P.L. 114–60) ................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 0 0 40 Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–74) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 3,424 4,870 269 Recovery Improvements for Small Entities After Disaster Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–88) .............................................. ........................................................................................................... 0 1 0 National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (P.L. 114–92) .......................................................... .................................................................................................................... ¥66 ¥50 0 Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (P.L. 114–94) ...................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 2,88 0 252 471 Federal Perkins Loan Program Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–105) .............................................................. ................................................................................................................... 269 269 0 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–113)
b............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 2,008,016 1,563,177 ¥156,107 Patient Access and Medicare Protection Act (P.L. 114–115) ...................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 32 32  0 Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–125) ............................................................ ................................................................................................................... 20 20 ¥7 Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Veteran Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika R esponse and Preparedness Act (P.L. 114–223)
c 1,208 0 0 
Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 2,017,061 1,569,914 ¥155,996 Entitlements and Mandatories: Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ..................................................................................................... 9,170 6,674 0 Total Current Level
d............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 3,209,90 7 3,194,879 2,520,737 Total Senate Resolution
e............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 3,071,205 3,091 ,246 2,675,967 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 138,702 103,633 n.a. Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 155,230 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aIncludes the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues, and were cleared by the Congress during this se ssion, but before the adoption of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016: the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2014 (P.L. 114–1); the Department of Homeland Security Approp riations Act, 2015 (P.L. 114–4), and the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114– 10). 
bEmergency funding that was not designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget a nd Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall not count for certain budgetary enforcement pur- poses. These amounts, which are not included in the current level totals, are as follows: Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41) ................................... ........................................................................................................ 0 917 0 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–113) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......¥2 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................¥2 917 0 
cCertain provisions included in Divisions B–D of P.L. 114–223 provided supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2016 which, o n net, provided an additional $1,208 million in budget authority in fiscal year 2016. CBO estimated that: Division B would result in an additional $1,108 million in budget authority in fiscal year 2016 for emergency requirements; Sec tion 145 of Division C would result in an additional $500 million in budget authority in fiscal year 2016 for disaster relief; and Division D would result in decreases in budget authority in fiscal year 2016 of $232 million for emergency  requirements, and of $168 million for amounts not designated pursuant to section 251(b)(2) of the Deficit Con- trol Act. 
dFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate,  does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include these items. 
ePeriodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels in S. Con Res. 11, pursuant to various provisions  of the resolution. The Initial Senate Resolution total below excludes $6,872 million in budget authority and $344 million in outlays assumed in S. Con Res. 11 for disaster-related spending. The Revised Senate Resolution total below includes amounts for disaster-related spending: Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Initial Senate Resolution: ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 3,032,343 3,091,098 2,676,733 Revisions: Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 4311 of S. Con. Res. 11 ............................ ................................................................................... 445 175 ¥766 Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and S. Con. Res, 11 ............................................ ............................................................................................. 700 700 0 Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and S. Con. Res. 11 ............................................ ............................................................................................. 0 1 0 Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 4313 of S. Con. Res. 11 ............................ ................................................................................... 269 269 0 Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 3404 of S. Con. Res. 11 ............................ ................................................................................... 36,072 ¥997 0 Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and S. Con, Res. 11 ............................................ ............................................................................................. 1,376 0 0 
Revised Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 3,071,205 3,091,246 2,675,967 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.035 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6401 November 16, 2016 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, November 16, 2016. Hon. M
IKEENZI, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2017 budget and is current through November 14, 2016. This report is submitted under section 308(b) and in aid of section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels printed in the Congressional Record on April 18, 2016, pursuant to section 102 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74). Since our last letter dated September 8, 2016, the Congress has cleared and the Presi-dent has signed the following acts that have significant effects on budget authority, out-lays, or revenues: Continuing Appropriations and Military, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2017, and Zika Response and Preparedness Act (Public Law 114–223); Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–228); United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–239); and Treatment of Certain Payments in Eugen-ics Compensation Act (Public Law 114–241). Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. 
TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPEND-ING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017, AS OF NOVEMBER 14, 2016 
[In billions of dollars] Budget Resolution Current Level
a Current Level Over/Under (¥) Resolution 
On-Budget Budget Authority ............. 3,212.5 3,297.5 85.0 Outlays ............................ 3,219.5 3,252.7 33.2 Revenues ......................... 2,682.0 2,682.2 0.2 Off-Budget Social Security Outlays
b.. 805.4 805.4 0.0 Social Security Revenues 826.1 826.1 0.0 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes emergency funding that was not designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
bExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated annually. TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CUR-RENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017, AS OF NOVEMBER 14, 2016 
{In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enacted Revenues ......................... n.a. n.a. 2,681,976 Permanents and other spending legislation ... 2,054,886 1,960,659 n.a. Appropriation legislation 0 504,803 n.a. Offsetting receipts ..........¥834,250 ¥834,301 n.a. 
Total, Previously En-acted .................. 1,220,636 1,631,161 2,681,976 Enacted Legislation: Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act (P.L. 114–182) ............ 2 1 0 Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Eco-nomic Stability Act (P.L. 114–187) ............ 200 200 200 Federal Aviation Adminis-tration Reauthorization Act of 2016 (P.L. 114– 190) ............................ ¥3 ¥3 0 Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–198) .. ¥9 ¥9 0 Continuing Appropriations and Military Construc-tion, Veteran Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika Re-sponse and Prepared-ness Act (P.L. 114– 223)
a.......................... 124,397 109,980 0 Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Au-thorities Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–228) ............ ¥1 ¥I 0 United States Apprecia-tion for Olympians and Paralympians Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–239) .. 0 0 ¥1 Treatment of Certain Pay-ments in Eugenics Compensation Act (P.L. 114–241) .................... 3 3 0 
Total, Enacted Leg-islation ............... 124,589 110,171 199 Continuing Resolution: Continuing Appropriations and Military Construc-tion, Veteran Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika Re-sponse and Prepared-ness Act (P.L. 114– 223) 
ab...................... 1,037,435 616,126 0 Entitlements and Mandatories: Budget resolution esti-mates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .. 914,848 895,267 0 Total Current Level
c....... 3,297,508 3,252,725 2,682,175 Total Senate Resolution
d 3,212,522 3,219,513 2,681,976 
Current Level Over Senate Resolu-tion ..................... 84,986 33,212 199 TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CUR-RENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017, AS OF NOVEMBER 14, 2016—Continued 
{In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Current Level Under Senate Resolu-tion ..................... n.a. n.a. n.a. Memorandum: Revenues, 2017–2026: Senate Current Level ....... n.a. n.a. 32,351,292 Senate Resolution ........... n.a. n.a. 32,350,752 Current Level Over Senate Resolu-tion ..................... n.a. n.a. 540 Current Level Under Senate Resolu-tion ..................... n.a. n.a. n.a. 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aDivision A of P.L. 114–223 contains the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017; those amounts are shown in the ‘‘Enacted Legislation’’ portion of this table. Division C of P.L. 114–223, the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2017, provides funding through December 9, 2016; those amounts are shown in the ‘‘Continuing Resolution’’ portion of this table. In addition, certain provisions included in Divisions B– D of P.L. 114–223 provide supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2016 which would result in additional outlays in fiscal year 2017 within the juris-diction of various subcommittees. CBO estimates that: Division B would result in an additional $344 million in outlays in fiscal year 2017 from funding for emergency requirements; Section 145 of Division C would result in an additional $1 million in out-lays in fiscal year 2017 from funding for emergency requirements and an additional $10 million from funding for disaster relief; and Division D would result in a decrease of $34 million in outlays in fiscal year 2017 from funding for emergency requirements. 
bEmergency funding that was not designated as an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall not count for certain budgetary en-forcement purposes. These amounts, which are not included in the current level totals, are as follows: Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Vet-eran Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika Response and Preparedness Act (P.L. 114–223) ............................. ¥2 ¥1 0 
cFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate, does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include these items, 
dPeriodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels printed in the Congressional Record on April 19, 2016, pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 102 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74): Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Original Senate Resolution: ..... 3,212,350 3,219,191 2,681,976 
Revisions: Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 102 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 ....................... 172 322 0 Revised Senate Resolution ....... 3,212,522 3,219,513 2,681,976 
TABLE 3.—SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS, AS OF NOVEMBER 14, 2016 
[In millions of dollars] 2016–2021 2016–2026 
Beginning Balancea............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 0 0 Enacted Legislation: 
bc d Breast Cancer Awareness Commemorative Coin Act (P.L. 114–148)
e............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................. 0 0 Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act (P.L. 114–151) ........................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ * * Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–153) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... * * Transnational Drug Trafficking Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–154) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... * * A bill to direct the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Fede ral property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska (P.L. 114–161) .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... * * To take certain Federal lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancher ia, and for other purposes (P.L. 114–181) .......................................................... * * Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act (P.L. 114–182) .................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .........................¥5 1 FOIA Improvement Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–185) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. * * Fraud Reduction and Data Analytics Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–186) .................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................. * * Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (P.L. 114–I87)
f............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 0 0 FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–190) ................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... ¥33 ¥8 Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society Extension Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–194) ....................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... * * United States Semiquincentennial Commission Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–196) ......................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... * * Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–198) ................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 119 ¥54 Making Electronic Government Accountable By Yielding Tangible Efficiencies Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–210) .......................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ * * John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission Act (P.L. 114–215) ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... * * A bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes (P.L. 114–216) .............. ............................................................................................................................... * * Native American Tourism and Improving Visitor Experience Act (P.L. 114–221) .................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... * * Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (P.L. 114–222) ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ * * Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika Response and Preparedness Act (P.L. 114–223) ............................................ * 1 Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act (P.L. 114–224) ................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... * * West Los Angeles Leasing Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–226) ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ ¥12 18 Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–228) ................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 0 0 Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–231) ............................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................... * * 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.037 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6402 November 16, 2016 
TABLE 3—SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS, AS OF NOVEMBER 14, 2016—Continued 
[In millions of dollars] 2016–2021 2016–2026 
Nevada Native Nations Land Act (P.L. 114–232) .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ * * Survivors’ Bill of Rights of 2016 (P.L. 114–236) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... * * United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–239) ........................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 2 3 Treatment of Certain Payments in Eugenics Compensation Act (P.L. 114–241) ...................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 3 4 Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children Act (P.L. 114–244) ........................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ * * Federal Communications Commission Consolidated Reporting Act of 2015 (S. 253) .................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... * * Program Management Improvement Accountability Act (S. 1550) .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ * * 
Current Balance ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 74 ¥35 Memorandum: 2016–2021 2016–2026 
Changes to Revenues ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 408 540 Changes to Outlays ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 482 505 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.e. = not able to estimate; P.L. = Public Law; FOIA = Freedom of Information Act; FAA = Federal Aviation Administration . * = between ¥$500,000 and $500,000. 
aPursuant to the statement printed in the Congressional Record on April 18, 2016, the Senate Pay-As-You-Go Scorecard was reset t o zero. 
bThe amounts shown represent the estimated effect of the public laws on the deficit. Negative numbers indicate an increase in th e deficit; positive numbers indicate a decrease in the deficit. 
cExcludes off-budget amounts. 
dExcludes amounts designated as emergency requirements. 
eCBO estimates that P.L. 114–148 will cause a decrease in spending of $7 million in 2018 and an increase in spending of $7 milli on in 2020, resulting in a net effect on the deficit of zero over the six-year and eleven-year periods. 
fCBO estimates that P.L. 114–187 will cause an increase in spending over the six-year and eleven-year periods but would also inc rease revenues by the same amount over the same periods resulting in a net effect on the deficit of zero over the six-year and eleven-year periods. 
ENFORCEMENT REPORT OF LEGISLATION POST-BIPARTISAN BUDGET ACT OF 2015 ENFORCEMENT FILING 
Vote Date Measure Violation Motion to Waivef Result 
53 April 19, 2016 ............................ S. Amdt. 3787 (Sen. Paul, R–KY) to S. Amdt. 2953 to S. 2012 (Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2015). 311(a)(2)(B)—Revenues reduced below levels assumed in the budget resolution
a.Sen. Paul (R–KY) ........................ 33–64, Not Waived 76 May 19, 2016 ............................. S. Amdt. 3900 (Sen. Blunt, R–MO) to S. Amdt. 3896 to H.R. 2577 (Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appro-priations Act of 2017).314(e)—Inclusion of emergency designations pursuant to Sec. 251 of BBEDCA
b.Sen. Collins (R–ME) ................... 70–28, Waived 79 May 19, 2016 ............................. S. Amdt. 4039 (Sen. McCain, R–AZ) to S. Amdt. 3896 to H.R. 2577 (Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appro-priations Act of 2017).314(e)—Inclusion of emergency designations pursuant to Sec. 251 of BBEDCA
c.Sen. McCain (R–AZ) ................... 84–14, Waived 115 June 29, 2016 ............................ House Amendment to S. 2328, the vehicle for the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA).425(a)(2)—Unfunded intergovernmental man-date in excess of limit
d.Sen. Hatch (R–UT) ..................... 85–13, Waived 139 September 14, 2016 .................. S. Amdt. 4979 (Sen. Inhofe, R–OK) to S. 2848, Water Resources Development Act of 2016. 201(a) of S. Con. Res. 21—Increase in deficits in violation of the Senate’s Pay-As-You-Go Rule
e.Sen. Inhofe (R–OK) ..................... 85–12, Waived 
aAt the time of consideration, a point estimate was unavailable for the Paul amendment. However, it was estimated that it would decrease revenues below the levels assumed in the budget resolution. 
bThis amendment designated $1.1 billion in outlays as being for emergency purposes. This funding, which was not offset, would be  used to combat the Zika virus. 
cThis amendment designated $7.7 billion in outlays as being for emergency purposes. This funding, which was not offset, would be  used to extend the Veterans Choice Program. 
dIn its estimate for PROMESA, the Congressional Budget Office found that the bill would impose a number of mandates on the terri torial government of Puerto Rico and its instrumentalities. The costs of these mandates on public enti- ties would exceed the annual threshold in UMRA for intergovernmental mandates ($77 million in 2016, adjusted annually for infla tion). 
eThis amendment, as amended, triggered multiple points of order for increases in direct spending over all enforceable time perio ds. In particular, the amendment increased deficits by $299 million over the 2016–2026 period. 
fUnless otherwise noted, the motion to waive was offered pursuant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–53, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the United Kingdom for defense articles and services estimated to cost $1.00 billion. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to no-tify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J. W. RIXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–53 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: United Kingdom (ii)Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $780 million. Other $220 million. Total $1.00 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Maior Defense Equipment (MDE): Twenty-six (26) Certifiable Predator B Re-motely Piloted Aircraft (16 with option for additional 10). Twelve (12) Advanced Ground Control Sta-tions (GCSs) (8 with option for additional 4). Four (4) New Launch and Recovery Ele-ment GCSs. Four (4) Upgrades to existing Blk 15 Launch and Recovery Element GCSs (2 with option for additional 2). Twenty-five (25) Multi-spectral Targeting Systems (12 + 2 spares, with option for addi-tional 10+1 spare). Twenty-five (25) AN/APY–8 Lynx IIe Block 20A Synthetic Aperture Radar and Ground Moving Target Indicators (SAR/GMTI) (12 + 2 spares, with option for additional 10 + 1 spare). Eighty-six (86) Embedded Global Posi-tioning System/Inertial Guidance Units (EGIs) (3 per aircraft) (48 + 5 spares, with op-tion for additional 30 + 3 spares). Non-MDE include: Non-MDE items include: communications equipment, Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) equipment, weapons in-stallation kits, and TPE331–10YGD engines. In addition, the package provides a unique and common spares package, support equip-ment, U.S. Air Force technical orders, coun-try specific technical orders, Contractor Lo-gistics Support for two (optional three) years, contractor provided aircraft compo-nents, spares, and accessories, training, and other related elements of logistical and pro-gram support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (X6–D– SAC). (v) 5 Commission, Fee. etc., Paid, Offered, or Armed to be Paid: None. (vi) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Pro-posed to be Sold: See Annex Attached. (vii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 16, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  United Kingdom—Certifiable Predator B Remotely Piloted Aircraft The United Kingdom (UK) requested a pos-sible sale of up to twenty-six (26) Certifiable Predator B Remotely Piloted Aircraft (16 with option for additional 10); twelve (12) Ad-vanced Ground Control Stations (GCSs) (8 with option for additional 4); four (4) New Launch and Recovery Element GCSs; four (4) Upgrades to existing Blk 15 Launch and Re-covery Element GCSs (2 with option for addi-tional 2); twenty-five (25) Multi-spectral Tar-geting Systems (12 + 2 spares, with option for additional 10 + 1 spare); twenty-five (25) AN/ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.039 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6403 November 16, 2016 
APY–8 Lynx IIe Block 20A Synthetic Aper-ture Radar and Ground Moving Target Indi-cators (SAR/GMTI) (12 + 2 spares, with op-tion for additional 10 + 1 spare); Eighty-six (86) Embedded Global Positioning System/In-ertial Guidance Units (EGIs) (3 per aircraft) (48 + 5 spares, with option for additional 30 + 3 spares). This sale also includes communica-tions equipment, Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) equipment; weapons installation kits; TPE331–10YGD engines; unique and common spares package; support equipment; U.S. Air Force technical orders; country spe-cific technical orders; Contractor Logistics Support for two (optional three) years; con-tractor provided aircraft components, spares, and accessories; personnel training; and other related elements of logistical and pro-gram support. The total estimated program cost is $1.0 billion. The UK is a close ally and an important partner on critical foreign policy and defense issues. The proposed sale will enhance U.S. foreign policy and national security objec-tives by enhancing the UK’s capabilities to provide national defense and contribute to NATO and coalition operations. This sale will improve the UK’s ability to meet current and future threats by providing improved Intelligence, Surveillance and Re-connaissance (ISR) coverage that enhances homeland security, promotes increased bat-tlefield situational awareness, augments combat search and rescue, and provides ground troop support. The Certifiable Pred-ator B will also be used to support the UK’s armed forces and coalition forces engaged in current and future peacekeeping, peace-en-forcing, counter-insurgent, and counterter-rorism operations. The UK already operates armed remotely piloted aircraft, the MQ–9 Reaper, and will have no difficulty transitioning to the Certifiable Predator B. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractors will be General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. in San Diego, California. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to the UK. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–53 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The Certifiable Predator B (CPB) Re-motely Piloted Aircraft (RPA) is a weapons- capable aircraft designed for medium to high altitude-long endurance Intelligence, Sur-veillance and Reconnaissance (ISR), Target Acquisition, and Strike missions. Protector (formerly known as Scavenger) represents the CPB as modified to a UK-specific con-figuration which includes the design, devel-opment and integration of a UK-specific weapons installation kit for employment of UK-produced weapons (Paveway IV and Brimstone II). Building upon the legacy of Predator B’s proven success, CPB/Protector provides up to 40 hours endurance, speeds up to 220 knots true air speed (KTAS) and a maximum altitude of 45,000 feet. The system is designed to be controlled by two operators within an Advanced Ground Control Station (AGCS). The AGCS is designed to emulate a reconnaissance aircraft cockpit, giving users extensive means to operate both the aircraft and sensors. CPB/Protector is able to operate using a direct Line-of-Sight (LOS) datalink or can be operated Beyond Line-of-Sight (BLOS) using satellite communications (SATCOM). The design enables unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) control to be handed off between multiple AGCSs thus allowing re-mote-split operations and centralized mis-sion control with other assets. The CPB/Pro-tector system can be deployed from a single site that supports launch, recovery, mission control, and maintenance. The system also supports remote-split operations where launch, recovery, and maintenance occur at a Forward Operating Base and mission con-trol is conducted from another geographi-cally separated location, or Main Operating Base (MOB). 2. The United Kingdom CPB/Protector sys-tem includes the following components. a. A secure Advanced CGCS with workstations that allow operators to control and monitor the aircraft, as well as record and exploit downlinked payload data. b. The unclassified General Atomics AN/ APY–8 Block 20 Lynx Ile Synthetic Aperture Radar and Ground Moving Target Indicator (SAR/GMTI) system provides an all-weather surveillance, tracking and targeting capa-bility. The AN/APY–8 Block 20 operates in the Ku band, using an offset-fed dish antenna mounted on a three-axis stabilized gimbal. It has a large field of regard, produces a strip map and can image up to a 10km wide swath. Swaths from multiple passes can be com-bined for wide-area surveillance. c. The Raytheon Multi-spectral Targeting System with Laser Target Designator (LTD) and multi-use Electro-Optical (EO)/Infra-Red (IR) sensor provides long-range surveillance, high-altitude target acquisition, tracking, and range-finding with capabilities up to and including high definition color TV, high defi-nition short-wave IR, medium-wave IR, and long wave IR sensors. d. The weapons installation kit enables the integration of UK-produced munitions (Paveway IV and Brimstone II) onto the Pro-tector platform. The integration of these munitions requires specialized non-recurring engineering work which will be performed by the platform OEM in the United States. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware or software in this proposed sale, any information gleaned from exploitation of hardware, publications and software could be used to develop countermeasures (elec-tronic, infrared, or other types) as well as of-fensive and defensive counter-tactics and allow an adversary to exploit those vulnerabilities during combat. 4. A determination has been made that the recipient country can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sen-sitive technology being released as the US Government. This sale is necessary in fur-therance of the U.S. foreign policy and na-tional security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the United Kingdom. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–43, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Republic of Korea for defense articles and services estimated to cost $141 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to no-tify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J. W. RIXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–43 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Republic of Korea (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $41 million. Other $100 million. Total $141 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: The Government of the Republic of Korea has requested the sale and installation of AN/AAQ–24(V) Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasures (LAIRCM) sys-tems on up to four (4) A–330 Multi-Role Tanker and Transport (MRTT) aircraft. Each LAIRCM system consists of three (3) Guard-ian Laser Terminal Assemblies (GLTA), six (6) Ultra-Violet Missile Warning System (UVMWS) Sensors AN/AAR–54, one (1) LAIRCM System Processor Replacements (LSPR), one (1) Control Indicator Unit Re-placement (CIUR), one (1) Smart Card As-sembly (SCA), one (1) High Capacity Card (HHC), and a User Data Memory (UDM) card. Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Twenty-six (26) GLTA AN/AAQ–24(V) (12 + 14 spares). Twelve (12) LSPR AN/AAQ–24(V) (4 + 8 spares). Fifty-four (54) UVMWS Sensors AN/AAR–54 (24 + 30 spares). Non-MDE include: CIURs, SCAs, HHCs, UDM cards, initial spares and repair parts, consumables, support equipment, technical data, engineering change proposals, minor modifications, publications, Field Service Representatives (FSRs), repair and return, depot maintenance, training and training equipment, contractor technical and logis-tics personnel services, U.S. Government and contractor representative support, Group A and B installation support, flight test and certification, selective availability anti- spoofing module (SAASM) Global Posi-tioning System, and other related elements of logistics support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission. Fee. etc., Paid. Of-fered. or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex Attached. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 16, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Republic of Korea—Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasures (LAIRCM) System The Government of the Republic of Korea (ROK) has requested the sale and installa-tion of AN/AAQ–24(V) Large Aircraft Infra-red Countermeasures (LAIRCM) systems for up to four (4) A–330 Multi-Role Tanker and Transport (MRTT) aircraft. Each LAIRCM system consists of the following major de-fense equipment (MDE): three (3) Guardian Laser Terminal Assemblies (GLTA), six (6) Ultra-Violet Missile Warning System (UVMWS) Sensors AN/AAR–54, one (1) LAIRCM System Processor Replacement (LSPR), one (1) Control Indicator Unit Re-placement (CIUR), one (1) Smart Card As-sembly (SCA), one (1) High Capacity Card (HCC), and User Data Memory (UDM) card. The sale includes spares bringing the MDE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.028 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6404 November 16, 2016 
total to twenty-six (26) GLTAs, twelve (12) LSPRs, and fifty-four (54) UVMWS Sensors AN/AAR–54. The sale also includes the following non- MDE items: CIURs, SCAs, HHCs, UDM Cards, initial spares and repair parts, consumables, support equipment, technical data, engineer-ing change proposals, minor modifications, publications, Field Service Representatives’ (FSRs), repair and return, depot mainte-nance, training and training equipment, con-tractor technical and logistics personnel services, U.S. Government and contractor representative support, Group A and B in-stallation support, flight test and certifi-cation, selective availability anti-spoofing module (SAASM) Global Positioning Sys-tem, and other related elements of logistics support. The estimated cost is $141 million. The ROK is procuring the LAIRCM system to defend and protect its future aerial refuel-ing and troop transport capabilities. This helps the ROK Air Force become more capa-ble of sustaining and projecting air power across large distances and transporting its forces and fighter aircraft for both oper-ational and training missions with less reli-ance on foreign partners, such as the United States. The ROK will have no difficulty ab-sorbing this equipment into its armed forces. This proposed sale contributes to the for-eign policy and national security of the United States. The ROK is one of the major political and economic powers in East Asia and the Western Pacific and a key partner of the United States in ensuring peace and sta-bility in that region. It is vital to U.S. na-tional interests to assist our Korean ally in developing and maintain a strong and ready self-defense capability. This sale increases the ROK’s capability to participate in Pa-cific regional security operations and im-proves its national security posture as a key U.S. ally. The proposed sale of this equipment and support does not affect the basic military balance in the region. This sale includes provisions for one (1) FSR to live in Korea for up to two years. Im-plementation of this proposed sale requires multiple temporary trips to Korea involving U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives over a period of up to six (6) years for program execution, delivery, technical sup-port, and training. The principal contractor is Northrop Grumman Corporation, Rolling Meadows, IL. At this time, there are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. There is no adverse impact on U.S. defense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–43 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The AN/AAQ–24(V) Large Aircraft Infra-red Countermeasures (LAIRCM) is a self-con-tained, directed energy countermeasures sys-tem designed to protect aircraft from infra-red-guided surface-to-air missiles. The sys-tem features digital technology and micro-miniature solid-state electronics. The sys-tem operates in all conditions, detecting in-coming missiles and jamming infrared-seek-er equipped missiles with aimed bursts of laser energy. The LAIRCM system consists of multiple Ultra-Violet Missile Warning System (UVMWS) Sensors AN/AAR–54, Guardian Laser Turret Assembly (GLTA), LAIRCM System Processor Replacement (LSPR), Control Indicator Unit Replacement (CIUR), and a classified High Capacity Card (HCC), and User Data Memory (UDM) card. The HCC is loaded into the CIUR prior to flight. When the classified HCC is not in use, it is removed from the CIUR and placed in onboard secure storage. LAIRCM Line Re-placeable Unit (LRU) hardware is classified SECRET when the HCC is inserted into the CIUR. LAIRCM system software, including Operational Flight Program is classified SE-CRET. Technical data and documentation to be provided are UNCLASSIFIED. a. The set of UVMWS Sensor units (AN/ AAR–54) are mounted on the aircraft exte-rior to provide omni-directional protection. The UVMWS detects the rocket plume of missiles and sends appropriate data signals to the LSPR for processing. The LSPR ana-lyzes the data from each UVMWS Sensor and automatically deploys the appropriate coun-termeasure via the GLTA. The CIUR dis-plays the incoming threat. b. The AN/AAR–54 UVMWS Sensor warns of threat missile approach by detecting radi-ation associated with the rocket motor. The AN/AAR–54 is a small, lightweight, passive, electro-optic, threat warning device used to detect surface-to-air missiles fired at heli-copters and low-flying fixed-wing aircraft and automatically provide countermeasures, as well as audio and visual warning messages to the aircrew. The basic system consists of multiple UVMWS Sensor units, three (3) GLTAs, a LSPR, and a CIUR. The set of UVMWS units (each A–330 MRTT has six (6)) are mounted on the aircraft exterior to pro-vide omni-directional protection. Hardware is UNCLASSIFIED. Software is SECRET. Technical data and documentation to be pro-vided are UNCLASSIFIED. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures or equivalent systems which might reduce system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or ad-vanced capabilities. 3. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy justifica-tion. Moreover, the benefits to be derived from this sale, as outlined in the Policy Jus-tification, outweigh the potential damage that could result if the sensitive technology were revealed to unauthorized persons. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of the Repub-lic of Korea. f RECOGNIZING DOUG PETERSON Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I wish to congratulate Doug Peterson today as he retires as President of the Minnesota Farmers Union. I join the thousands of farmers, ranchers, small businesses, and residents of rural Min-nesota in thanking Doug for his leader-ship over the years and for being such a tireless advocate for Minnesota farm-ers. Doug has made agriculture, advo-cacy, and public service his life’s work. Prior to his election as State president of the Minnesota Farmers Union in 2002, Doug served in the Minnesota House of Representatives for 12 years, representing a district comprised of Big Stone, Chippewa, Lac Qui Parle, and Swift Counties in western Min-nesota. Minnesota has taken an incredibly proactive and innovative approach to energy use and sustainability. In fact, we are considered a national leader for boosting bioenergy. Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis once called States the ‘‘laboratories of democ-racy,’’ and when it comes to Minnesota being a laboratory for renewable fuels, we have Doug Peterson to thank. While he was in the Minnesota House of Representatives, he authored the legislation that established a State-wide ethanol fuels requirement. Be-cause of Doug’s work at the State level in steering us toward energy independ-ence, we have seen Federal renewable energy policy being modeled after the groundwork he laid in Minnesota. In addition to writing landmark leg-islation and advocating on behalf of greater Minnesota, what some people may not know about Doug is that he is also an accomplished artist and former art teacher. My office in Washington even has one of Doug’s paintings on loan and prominently featured. The painting is a depiction of several fresh-ly caught fish, tessellated in shades of orange, purple, and blue. Doug called the artwork ‘‘Dead Fish,’’ and I always joke with his members that the paint-ing is much more attractive than the name suggests. During my time in the Senate, I have had the great opportunity to work on two farm bills with Doug leading the Minnesota Farmers Union: the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 and the Agricultural Act of 2014. I have seen the dedication he brings to lead-ing the discussion about how to keep agricultural producers competitive, and I will miss his guidance and friend-ship. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, today, on behalf of all Minnesotans, I rise to thank my good friend—and a real jewel in the crown of Minnesota agri-culture—Doug Peterson, as he retires as president of the Minnesota Farmers Union after 14 years of leading that im-portant organization. To say family farming is important to Minnesota is an understatement. One in five jobs in our State is con-nected to agriculture, and as Doug often told me, when Minnesota farmers and ranchers succeed, prosperity fol-lows. In all, Doug spent four decades as an influential voice on farm policy, as a family farmer, a State legislator, and, since 2002, as head of the Minnesota Farmers Union. It is fair to say that a great many national, State, and local leaders have looked to Doug not only for advice and counsel, but also to pub-licly lead the fight on behalf of our family farmers, ranchers, and rural communities. And I have to tell you, after going through the last farm bill debate, he is one hell of a fighter, and our State and our farmers have reaped the benefits of his work many times over. For me, as a Senator, Doug was an important mentor. He helped teach me what it takes to put crops in the ground and to get that same crop to market. He also invited me to visit farms across the State to see firsthand 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.028 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6405 November 16, 2016 
the time, expense, and hard work re-quired to raise a bushel of corn or soy-beans, a ton of sugar beets, or to produce a gallon of milk. Those lessons have been important to me as I have fought for Minnesota producers in the Senate. Doug has always known how impor-tant our farmers and ranchers are to our Nation’s food security and, thus, our national security. And he worked hard to ensure that people in Min-nesota and across the country knew how critical our producers are to feed-ing a world with a growing population. As our Nation increasingly comes to grips with the causes and seriousness of climate change, it is important to point out that Doug was on the leading edge of Minnesota’s clean energy tran-sition for several decades. As a State legislator, he was instrumental in making Minnesota a national leader in ethanol production. As a champion for renewable energy, his priority was not only to reduce our reliance on foreign oil and to cut our use of fossil fuels, but also to create badly needed jobs and economic development in rural communities across Minnesota. Doug has always been a tireless fighter for family farmers, and he pushed hard against the excessive con-centration of foreign and corporate power in U.S. agriculture because those forces were pushing food prices up for American consumers. He knew that our Nation’s network of family farms have always delivered a safe, abundant, and affordable food supply to the American people, while receiving just 18 cents of every dollar spent on food in this coun-try. That is a pretty good deal by any measure and one that more Americans should appreciate. So, to Doug, I say a heartfelt thank you for your years of important work, your friendship, and for teaching us all about how important Minnesota farm-ing is to our State, to our Nation, and to the world. Your service has made a positive difference to a generation of Minnesota producers, and the work you have done will continue to serve our State well, long into the future. I wish you and your wife, Elly, your two sons, and your entire family the best of luck in the future, and I hope you continue to thrive in your well- earned retirement. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. I thank my col-league for his statement and agree. Doug Peterson has served the Min-nesota Farmers Union for 14 years, the Minnesota State House of Representa-tives for 12 years, and the Minnesota public education system for 20 years. Whether it has been through writing and advocating legislation, painting on a canvas, or educating students, for nearly 40 years Doug Peterson has been leaving his mark. That is why I am proud to honor him today on his retire-ment from the Minnesota Farmers Union. TRAIL OF TEARS NATIONAL HISTORIC TRAIL Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, in honor of the National Park Service’s 100th birthday year, I would like to recognize the Trail of Tears National Historic Trail, which covers nine States and thousands of miles of land and water routes. The Trail of Tears is rooted in a pain-ful, unfortunate time for our Nation. Following the passage of the Indian Re-moval Act of 1830, five tribes were forced from their homes and into what is now modern-day Oklahoma. These five major Southeast tribes consisted of Cherokee, Choctaw, Muscogee, Chickasaw, and Seminole Indians. The trail gets its name from the painful trips these individuals took across the country as disease, desertion, and death characterized many of their jour-neys. Arkansas is a State full of rich his-tory and heritage. While it is some-times painful to recall, the Trail of Tears National Historic Trail is a crit-ical part of that history. The National Park Service gave this trail this dis-tinction in an effort to preserve the story of the forced migration of these Native Americans. We must learn from the mistakes of our past so we do not repeat them in the future. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO TRAVIS WOOD ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Travis Wood, an Arkansan who is a member of the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago Cubs. Travis was born in Little Rock, AR. He comes from an athletic family and demonstrated his potential on the baseball diamond early. He gained na-tional notice as a member of Bryant’s 15-year-old All-Stars team when he pitched a no-hitter and struck out 17 batters at the Babe Ruth World Series. Travis played baseball at Bryant High School, where he was a three-time All-State selection and helped lead the Bryant Hornets to the State champion-ship game in his junior season. He went on to win more accolades, including Saline County ‘‘Male Athlete of the Year’’ and the Arkansas Gatorade ‘‘Player of the Year’’ in addition to being named to the Louisville Slugger High School All-American team and the Louisville Slugger ‘‘Player of the Year’’ in Arkansas. After high school, Travis began his professional baseball career when he was drafted 60th overall by the Cin-cinnati Reds. He made his major league debut for the Reds against the Cubs at Wrigley Field on July 1, 2010. Wood was traded to the Cubs in 2011 and was named to the National League All-Star Team in 2013. This season, Travis was an integral part of the Cubs’ bullpen, going 4–0 with a 2.95 ERA in 77 appearances. While he’s known for his impressive pitching repertoire, Travis has also had success in the batter’s box throughout his career. That was on full display in game 2 of this year’s National League Division Series, when he hit a 393-foot solo homerun against the Giants and helped propel the Cubs to a 2–0 lead in the series. Travis has continued to impress throughout his professional career, and Arkansas is extremely proud of him. We are so excited for Travis and his teammates, who were able to come back from a 3–1 series deficit to win the World Series, the first time the Chi-cago Cubs have done so in 108 years. Travis Wood is a great ambassador for the Natural State, and I am pleased to recognize his achievements. Con-gratulations, Travis and the entire Chi-cago Cubs organization, on a historic World Series championship.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING THE 30TH ANNIVER-SARY OF POST-SECONDARY EN-ROLLMENT OPTIONS ∑Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, today I would like to recognize the 30th anni-versary of post-secondary enrollment options for high school students and the former Governor of Minnesota, Rudy Perpich, who founded this pro-gram. Mr. Perpich was the longest serving Governor of Minnesota and a proud member of the Democratic farm and labor party in our great State. Since 1986, Minnesota’s high school juniors and seniors have had the opportunity to participate in courses at the college level for dual credit and at no cost to the student or their family. The pro-gram has even grown now to allow sophomores to participate. This has made the transition between high school and college so much easier and affordable for our students. I have been honored to continue this effort in the Senate as we reformed the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. Schools across the country can now invest in accelerated learning programs, includ-ing dual enrollment programs, like post-secondary enrollment options, as part of their efforts to provide students with a well-rounded education. In 2014, more than 9,000 Minnesota students took advantage of post-sec-ondary enrollment option courses. With the growing cost of college, it is more important than ever that we con-tinue to champion opportunities for students to save. Today I would like to honor Governor Rudy Perpich for in-vesting in the education of our children and working to make higher education more accessible and affordable for all students.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JULIA RATTI ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Councilwoman Julia Ratti of Sparks on her retire-ment. After serving as a member of the Sparks City Council for 8 years, Coun-cilwoman Ratti retired on November 14, 2016. It gives me great pleasure to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.027 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6406 November 16, 2016 
congratulate her on many years of hard work for the city of Sparks and her recent election to the Nevada State Senate. As a graduate of the University of Nevada at Reno, UNR, Councilwoman Ratti is an exemplary role model who is truly devoted to the citizens of Sparks and Nevada. Before she was elected to the Sparks City Council, Councilwoman Ratti founded and served as president of Strategic Man-agement Services, a consultant firm providing nonprofit and government services. Additionally, Councilwoman Ratti worked as an influential leader for young women as a Girl Scouts of the USA nonprofit manager and former executive. Since her first term as councilwoman in 2008, she remained committed to helping the Sparks community by serv-ing as a strong advocate for initiatives that helped meet the needs of the city’s most vulnerable. Specifically, as chair of the city’s redevelopment agency, Councilwoman Ratti focused on im-proving infrastructure and develop-ment in areas around Victorian Square, as well as refining recreational facilities. She also served on the Washoe County District Board of Health, Truckee Meadows Water Au-thority, Capital Funding Protection Committee and Oversight Committee for School Facilities, and the Sparks Legislative Team. Councilwoman Ratti’s impact on local businesses and her relentless ad-vocacy for improving the Sparks com-munity should serve as an example to all. Her steadfast support for the chil-dren of Sparks, as well as her entire constituency, will be remembered and missed. Councilwoman Ratti’s leader-ship and achieved success throughout northern Nevada proves her dedication to community service, and she should be proud of her accomplishments throughout her tenure as a Sparks city councilwoman. I am grateful for her commitment to Sparks and to the great State of Nevada. Today I ask that all of my colleagues join me in congratulating Council-woman Ratti on her retirement, and I offer my deepest appreciation for all that she has done for Sparks and Ne-vada. I offer my best wishes for many fulfilling years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RON SCHMITT ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Councilman Ron Schmitt, of Sparks, on his retirement. After serving as a member of the Sparks City Council for 15 years, Coun-cilman Schmitt retired on November 14, 2016. It gives me great pleasure to congratulate him on his retirement after many years of hard work and dedication to the city of Sparks. Councilman Schmitt is an out-standing example of someone who is devoted to improving their community. Upon moving to the Silver State and living in the Sparks area for more than two decades, Northern Nevada has greatly benefitted from Councilman Schmitt’s leadership in and out of pub-lic office. Before taking on the role as city councilman in 2001, Councilman Schmitt served on the Washoe County Human Services Consortium Advisory Board as member and chair, the Sparks Planning Commission, and the Sparks Citizens Advisory Committee. Mr. Schmitt was also a member of the Na-tional League of Cities and Municipali-ties and once served on its board of di-rectors. Since his first term as city council-man, he consistently remained com-mitted to the people of Sparks and has been a strong advocate for initiatives that meet the needs of families. Addi-tionally, while in office, Councilman Schmitt managed RPS Consultant En-terprise, as principal, served as presi-dent of the Nevada League of Cities and Municipalities, NLCM, and was se-lected as the ‘‘Public Official of the Year’’ by the NLCM in 2005. He also dedicated much of his time to the Re-gional Transportation Commission Paratransit Advisory Committee and the crisis call center. Councilman Schmitt’s participation in local business and community pro-grams led him to be a tremendous lead-er within local government. His unwav-ering support and focus to ensuring the needs of his constituency were met will be truly missed. Councilman Schmitt remains a prominent leader and will continue to advocate on behalf of the Sparks community. He exemplifies the highest standards of community serv-ice and should be proud of his long and meaningful career. I am grateful for his loyalty and commitment to Sparks and to the great State of Nevada. Today I ask that all of my colleagues join me in congratulating Councilman Schmitt on his retirement, and I offer my deepest appreciation for all that he has done for Sparks and Nevada. I offer my best wishes for many successful and fulfilling years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO JANET SNYDER ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Janet Snyder for tirelessly supporting Nevada’s veterans and military families, particularly military spouses and widows. Mrs. Sny-der is dedicated to giving back to the brave men and women who defend our freedom and has contributed greatly to the Las Vegas military community and to the greater good of the Silver State. Mrs. Snyder understands the many sacrifices military families make on a daily basis. As an army wife, mother of three, grandmother of six, and great- grandmother of five, she stands as a shining example of someone who has devoted her life to the betterment of others, selflessly serving to advocate for the interests of our Nation’s heroes and their families each day. Her dedi-cation reminds us all of the importance of thanking the men and women serv-ing this great Nation, as well as their families, for their countless sacrifices. Since the passing of her husband of 52 years, Mrs. Snyder has provided un-wavering support and care for military widows as president of several military wives clubs and support groups. In fact, Mrs. Snyder was recently installed as president of the National Society of Military Widows in October of 2016. The Silver State is grateful and honored to have a Nevadan leading this critical or-ganization. Additionally, Mrs. Snyder is the secretary and acting treasurer of the Society of Military Widows of Southern Nevada Chapter 34 and was also the founding president from 2012 to 2015. Mrs. Snyder is also an active member of multiple religious groups. She was editor of the Military Jewish Chapel Newsletter and directed and participated in many projects with local religious leaders from Protestant, Catholic, and Jewish communities. Mrs. Snyder is also known for her outstanding advocacy for military wid-ows by fighting against unfair benefit adjustments that negatively impact families of deceased veterans. Specifi-cally, she has played a pivotal role in fighting for legislation, S. 979, to re-verse the offset of the Survivor Benefit Plan, SBP, and Dependency and Indem-nity Compensation, DIC, programs so that spouses of late military retirees fairly receive their deserved benefits without any deductions. As a cosponsor of this bill in the Senate and as a mem-ber of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I truly admire Mrs. Sny-der’s commitment to these families and believe she is an extraordinary role model to all Nevadans. Mrs. Snyder’s hard work has not gone unnoticed. I extend my deepest grati-tude to Mrs. Snyder for her noble con-tributions to the Las Vegas military community. Her service to Nevada places her among the most remarkable men and women of the State, and ac-knowledgement of her dedication is well deserved. I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in recognizing Mrs. Snyder and her work with veterans and their families. Her efforts are both honorable and necessary. I wish her the best of luck in all of her future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. MATTI VAZEEN ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Dr. Matti Vazeen, an incredible ophthalmologist, for the un-wavering care and support he provides to all of his patients in northern Ne-vada. Dr. Vazeen stands as a true ex-ample of someone who has spent many years dedicated to the Silver State. Before settling in Nevada, Dr. Vazeen studied at Northwestern University and completed his residency from Lou-isiana State University in New Orle-ans. He established himself in Northern Nevada in 1999 and has worked in the Carson Valley area ever since. Dr. Vazeen is a well-known, prominent eye physician who specializes in serving seniors. Many of Dr. Vazeen’s patients rely on his expertise and appreciate his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.038 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6407 November 16, 2016 
humility as their physician. I am both humbled and honored to acknowledge Dr. Vazeen for his outstanding work and selfless commitment to his pa-tients in our State’s capital. Dr. Vazeen has served on several in-dustry-related boards, such as the American Academy of Ophthalmology and the American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery. Dr. Vazeen has also performed charitable cataract sur-gery in developing countries and has hosted multiple speaking seminars at the Ispahani Islamia Eye Institute and Hospital in Bangladesh. Additionally, Dr. Vazeen was a pioneer in the estab-lishment of a teaching exchange pro-gram between the University of Cali-fornia, Davis and the Islamia Institute, which facilitates developmental train-ing for medical students finishing their residencies. Dr. Vazeen’s years of serv-ice and commitment to helping others is truly inspiring and praiseworthy. I am grateful for Dr. Vazeen’s dedica-tion to the people of Nevada. He exem-plifies the highest standards of leader-ship and should be proud of his hard work that highly benefits many Nevad-ans. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Vazeen, and I give my deepest appreciation for all that he has done to make Nevada a bet-ter place. I offer him my best wishes for many fulfilling years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DALE SANDSTROM ∑Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Dale Sandstrom, who is retiring from the North Dakota Su-preme Court after 24 years of devoted service. Justice Sandstrom is a fifth-genera-tion North Dakotan. Born in Grand Forks, he grew up in Fargo and grad-uated first from North Dakota State University and then from the Univer-sity of North Dakota School of Law. After law school, Justice Sandstrom began his career in public service. He came to Washington, DC, to work under Senator Milton R. Young, who was North Dakota’s 15th Senator and, for a time, President Pro Tempore of the U.S. Senate. Justice Sandstrom returned to North Dakota to work on the North Dakota Criminal Justice Commission. He then served for 6 years as assistant attorney general and headed the office’s Con-sumer Fraud and Antitrust Division. In 1981, North Dakota Governor Allen I. Olson appointed Justice Sandstrom to his cabinet as the State securities com-missioner. Two years later, in 1983, Justice Sandstrom was appointed to the North Dakota Public Service Commission, a position to which he was elected in 1984 and then reelected to in 1990. During his tenure on the commission, he served two terms as its president. In 1992, Justice Sandstrom was elect-ed to the North Dakota Supreme Court. He was reelected to two 10-year terms in 1996 and 2006 and was a mem-ber of the court during my time as Governor of North Dakota. Justice Sandstrom chairs the North Dakota Supreme Court’s Joint Proce-dure Committee and the North Dakota Advisory Commission on Cameras in the Courtroom. He is also a member of the court’s Joint Committee on Attor-ney Standards and is a past chairman of the court’s Technology Committee, the North Dakota Judicial Conference, and the North Dakota Judges Associa-tion. North Dakotans have tremendous ac-cess to justice, and the State is a lead-er in court technology because of Jus-tice Sandstrom’s work. In 1996, he cre-ated the court’s award-winning website, and in 2011, North Dakota be-came the first State in the country to have its entire trial court system on an electronic record system. Justice Sandstrom is married to Gail Hagerty, who is a judge for the North Dakota South Central Judicial Dis-trict. Together, they have three chil-dren and live in Bismarck. Throughout his life, Justice Sandstrom has distinguished himself through his example of integrity and hard work, especially during his tenure on the North Dakota Supreme Court. He has shown not only outstanding knowledge of law, but also wisdom in applying it. He has been a mentor to his law clerks, as well as the State bar. Outside of his work on the court, Jus-tice Sandstrom is an active member in the Bismarck community. An Eagle Scout, he remains active in scouting and received the Distinguished Eagle Scout Award for his involvement. We honor Justice Sandstrom for his excellent work, and we celebrate his achievements. His efforts have made our State a safer and better place to live, and we commemorate him for his dedication to the people of North Da-kota. The court has been well-served by his thoughtful opinions from the bench, and North Dakota will always be grateful for his service to our State.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CYRIL KOFI GUNU ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Cyril ‘‘Kofi’’ Gunu, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Kofi is a graduate of Brandon High School in Brandon, SD. He attends Augustana University in Sioux Falls, where he studies economics and polit-ical science. He is a positive and dili-gent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his experience and who has been a true asset to the of-fice. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Kofi for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
VERMONT FEDERAL EXECUTIVE ASSOCIATION 2016 AWARDS ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, to commemorate Public Recognition Week, the Vermont Federal Executive Association—VTFEA—recognized the more than 4,000 Federal employees working across the State and the good work they do every day. I would like to offer special congratulations to the 2016 Excellence in Government award winners, who have been recognized by VTFEA for their exemplary govern-ment service: Vermont Federal Team of the Year Award, The Northwest Vermont Locality Pay Committee— Brandon Ackel, Transportation Secu-rity Administration; Robert Brugman, National Credit Union Administration; Brian Johansson, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services; Kelly Larsen, Federal Aviation Administration, Alas-ka; Bruce McDonald, Transportation Security Administration; Sean McVey, U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Mark Nielsen, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; Jeff Ostlund, Transportation Security Administra-tion; Corey Price, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Texas; Lisa Rees, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services; Diana Richardson, Federal Aviation Administration; Krista Scheele, Transportation Security Ad-ministration. In November 2012, VTFEA discussed what initiatives would benefit the most Federal employees, and it didn’t take long to realize that securing locality pay for Vermont was the No. 1 priority. In early 2013, VTFEA created a Local-ity Pay Committee, consisting of em-ployees from six Federal agencies. Working tirelessly, the team prepared a locality pay proposal for northwest Vermont and, in December 2013, pre-sented it to the Federal Salary Council in Washington, DC. Unfortunately, the first proposal was denied, so the fol-lowing year, they tried again. Again, the proposal was denied. Not to be dis-couraged, the team drafted a third pro-posal in November 2015, and committee members traveled to Washington at their own expense to support the pack-age and their fellow Vermonters. At the hearing, the council approved the package, which is waiting for approval by the President’s pay agent and the President. The Northwest Vermont Lo-cality Pay Committee’s tenacity, col-laborative spirit, and positivity is why Vermont is being considered for local-ity pay. And it is because of their ef-forts that VTFEA chose them as Fed-eral Team of the Year.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO SETH D IASIO ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Seth DiAsio, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Seth is a graduate of the College of Charleston in Charleston, SC, having earned a degree in studio art. Cur-rently, he is attending American Uni-versity Washington College of Law, where he is focusing on the law of in-tellectual property. Seth is a dedicated worker who has been committed to get-ting the most out of his experience. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.041 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6408 November 16, 2016 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Seth DiAsio for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TREY EDWARDS ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Trey Edwards, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Trey is a graduate of Tuscaloosa County High School in Tuscaloosa, AL. Currently, he is attending Auburn Uni-versity where he is majoring in public administration and minoring in busi-ness administration. Trey is a dedi-cated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experi-ence. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Trey Edwards for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAITLIN HONE ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Caitlin Hone, an intern in my Rapid City, SD, office for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Caitlin is a graduate of Saint Pius X High School in Albuquerque, NM. Cur-rently, she is attending South Dakota School of Mines and Technology, where she is majoring in civil engineering. She is a hard worker who has been dedicated to getting the most out of her internship experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Caitlin Hone for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DANIEL YARBROUGH ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Daniel Yarbrough, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Daniel is a graduate of Samford Uni-versity in Birmingham, AL, having earned a degree in political science. This spring, Daniel plans to continue serving the public by working on Cap-itol Hill. Daniel is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Daniel Yarbrough for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. GREGORY FRITZ ∑Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, today Dr. Gregory Fritz will be hon-ored by the Mental Health Association of Rhode Island with the Bell Award. This award recognizes a mental health champion whose work has helped pro-mote the cause of mental health and improved of lives of people living with mental illness. For over three decades, Dr. Fritz’s leadership and advocacy have strength-ened our Rhode Island community. He arrived in Rhode Island in 1985 to build a comprehensive pediatric psychiatry service at Hasbro Children’s Hospital. Since, Dr. Fritz has become the aca-demic director of Bradley Hospital, the director of Bradley Hasbro Children’s Research Center, the director of the Di-vision of Child and Adolescent Psychi-atry at Rhode Island Hospital, and the director of the Department of Psychi-atry and Human Behavior at the War-ren Alpert Medical School of Brown University. Dr. Fritz is also a national leader in the mental health field, serving as the president of the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry. He has used this platform to encourage inte-gration of mental health services into primary care, a key strategy to im-proving children’s access to mental health care, and ultimately, their health outcomes. It has been my privilege to see up close Dr. Fritz’s dedication and drive to improve the lives of children and adults with mental illness. A decades- long effort I led with Senator JACK R
EEDto provide parity in Federal fund-ing for teaching programs at children’s psychiatric hospitals would not have been possible without Dr. Fritz. We hit many road bumps along the way, but Dr. Fritz did not stray from the course. He left no stone unturned—and no stra-tegic partner uncalled—in advocating for this change. He noted, quite hon-estly, in an op-ed published in the Providence Journal, ‘‘I am far from dis-passionate about this issue.’’ Dr. Fritz has displayed passion and energy for raising awareness and bring-ing people together to identify solu-tions to a range of issues, including mental health parity, addiction and re-covery, and workforce training. This is so important for the communities he serves—children and young adults with mental health and substance use dis-orders—who too often don’t have a strong advocate. Thankfully, in Rhode Island, they have Dr. Fritz. Dr. Gregory Fritz has dedicated his career to improving the lives of chil-dren with mental illness, and many have benefited from his leadership. I offer him my congratulations on this well-deserved award, and I look for-ward to continuing to work alongside him.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGE REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate a mes-sage from the President of the United States submitting a nomination which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. (The message received today is print-ed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 2:35 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5332. An act to ensure that the United States promotes the meaningful participa-tion of women in mediation and negotiation processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or re-solve violent conflict. H.R. 5732. An act to halt the wholesale slaughter of the Syrian people, encourage a negotiated political settlement, and hold Syrian human rights abusers accountable for their crimes. H.R. 6297. An act to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 5332. An act to ensure that the United States promotes the meaningful participa-tion of women in mediation and negotiation processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or re-solve violent conflict; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 5732. An act to halt the wholesale slaughter of the Syrian people, encourage a negotiated political settlement, and hold Syrian human rights abusers accountable for their crimes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bills were read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 2566. An act to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent un-just or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. H.R. 4665. An act to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the outdoor recreation economy of the United States, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7393. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fluridone; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9951–81) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 18, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.012 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6409 November 16, 2016 
EC–7394. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Penflufen; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9952–22) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 18, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7395. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Mandestrobin; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9945–37) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7396. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Spirotetramat; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9951–80) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 25, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7397. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Review Group, Com-modity Credit Corporation, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘EZ Guarantee Program and Micro Lender Program (MLP) Status’’ (RIN0560–AI34) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7398. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oranges and Grapefruit Grown in Lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas; Relaxation of Container and Pack Requirements’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC– 16–0021) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7399. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oranges and Grapefruit Grown in Lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas; Increased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0059) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 2, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–7400. A communication from the Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary for Budget and Programs, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to two (2) violations of the Antideficiency Act associated with the Fed-eral Railroad Administration’s (FRA) Cap-ital Assistance for High Speed Rail Corridors and Intercity Passenger Rail Account; to the Committee on Appropriations. EC–7401. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to violations of the Antideficiency Act that in-volved fiscal year 2012 Operations and Main-tenance, Army, and was assigned case num-ber 15–02; to the Committee on Appropria-tions. EC–7402. A communication from the Law Enforcement Policy Analyst, Department of the Army, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Law Enforcement Reporting’’ (RIN0702–AA62) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–7403. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the Next Gen-eration Operational Control Systems (OCX) program; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–7404. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the mobilizations of select reserve units, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–7405. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Department of Defense (DoD)’s Defense Industrial Base (DIB) Cyber-security (CS) Activities’’ (RIN0790–AJ29) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 12, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7406. A joint communication from the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, transmitting a re-quest relative to issuing a travel restriction on senior officials’ travel to Afghanistan for the period of October 19, 2016 through Decem-ber 1, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–7407. A joint communication from the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, transmitting a re-quest relative to issuing a travel restriction on senior officials’ travel to Iraq for the pe-riod of October 19, 2016 through December 15, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7408. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Sale or Rental of Sexually Explicit Material on DoD Property’’ (RIN0790–AJ15) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–7409. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Management and Mobiliza-tion of Regular and Reserve Retired Military Members’’ (RIN0790–AJ52) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7410. A communication from the Air Force Federal Register Public Liaison Offi-cer, Department of the Air Force, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Adminis-trative Claims’’ (RIN0701–AA79) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7411. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Organizational Charters’’ (RIN0790–AJ53) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–7412. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Presentation of DoD–Related Scientific and Technical Papers at Meet-ings’’ (RIN0790–AI75) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7413. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense (Intelligence), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the biennial Space Protection Strat-egy (SPS); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–7414. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Admiral Cecil E. D. Haney, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of admiral on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–7415. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of six-teen (16) officers authorized to wear the in-signia of the grade of brigadier general in ac-cordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7416. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Pilot Program on Acquisi-tion of Military Purpose Nondevelopmental Items’’ ((RIN0750–AI93) (DFARS Case 2016– D014)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 28, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7417. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Contiguous United States’’ ((RIN0750–AJ09) (DFARS Case 2016–D005)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 28, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7418. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Enhancing the Effective-ness of Independent Research and Develop-ment’’ ((RIN0750–AI81) (DFARS Case 2016– D002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 28, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7419. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 on November 14, 1979, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 3, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7420. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to So-malia that was declared in Executive Order 13536 on April 12, 2010; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7421. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13712 of November 22, 2015, with respect to Burundi; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.005 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6410 November 16, 2016 
EC–7422. A communication from the Sec-retary, Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Exemptions to Fa-cilitate Intrastate and Regional Securities Offerings’’ (RIN3235–AL80) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7423. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cuban Assets Con-trol Regulations’’ (31 CFR Part 515) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 14, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7424. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Export Adminis-tration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to the Export Administration Regulations: Part 760, Reporting Require-ments Optional Electronic Filing of Reports of Requests For Restrictive Trade Practice or Boycott’’ (RIN0694–AG92) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7425. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Export Adminis-tration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cuba: Revisions to License Exceptions’’ (RIN0694–AH12) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–7426. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revi-sions to the Export Administration Regula-tions (EAR): Control of Fire Control, Laser, Imaging, and Guidance Equipment the Presi-dent Determines No Longer Warrant Control Under the United States Munitions List (USML)’’ (RIN0694–AF75) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 13, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7427. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for Regulations, Office of the Housing-Federal Housing Commis-sioner, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Retrospective Review—Improving the Previous Participa-tion Reviews of Prospective Multifamily Housing and Healthcare Programs Partici-pants’’ (RIN2502–AJ28) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 21, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7428. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulatory Capital Rules, Liquidity Cov-erage Ratio: Revisions to the Definition of Qualifying Master Netting Agreement and Related Definitions’’ (RIN3064–AE30) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 1, 2016; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7429. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technical and Con-forming Changes and Corrections to FHFA Regulations’’ (RIN2590–AA80) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7430. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the con-tinuation of the national emergency relative to the actions and policies of the Govern-ment of Sudan as declared in Executive Order 13067 of November 3, 1997, received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7431. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to discre-tionary appropriations legislation; to the Committee on the Budget. EC–7432. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Response to Findings and Recommendations of the Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Technical Advisory Committee during Fiscal Years 2014 and 2015’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–7433. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Alabama Regu-latory Program’’ ((SATS No. AL–079–FOR) (Docket No. OSMRE–2016–0005)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 21, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–7434. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: Proposed New Listings of Substitutes; Changes of Listing Status; and Reinterpreta-tion of Unacceptability for Closed Cell Foam Products under the Significant New Alter-natives Policy Program; and Revision of Clean Air Act Section 608 Venting Prohibi-tion for Propane’’ (FRL No. 9952–18–OAR) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7435. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Participation by Disadvantaged Busi-ness Enterprises in Procurements under EPA Financial Assistance Agreements’’ (FRL No. 9954–30–OA) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7436. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Partial Approval and Partial Dis-approval of Attainment Plan for Oakridge, Oregon PM2.5 Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9955–32–Region 10) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–7437. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Col-orado; Motor Vehicle Inspection and Mainte-nance, Clean Screen Program and the Low Emitter Index, On-Board Diagnostics, and Associated Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9954–16–Re-gion 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7438. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Adoption of Control Techniques Guidelines for Control of Volatile Organic Compound Emissions’’ (FRL No. 9954–29–Region 3) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7439. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Re-moval of Stage II Gasoline Vapor Require-ments for Gasoline Dispensing Facilities’’ (FRL No. 9954–18–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7440. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Final Authorization of State-Initi-ated Changes and Incorporation by Reference of Approved State Hazardous Waste Manage-ment Program’’ (FRL No. 9951–21–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–7441. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Oklahoma: Incorporation by Ref-erence of Approved State Hazardous Waste Management Program’’ (FRL No. 9951–74–Re-gion 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7442. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; North Da-kota; Revisions to Air Pollution Control Rules’’ (FRL No. 9954–15–Region 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 18, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–7443. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘State of Kentucky Underground In-jection Control (UIC) Class II Program; Pri-macy’’ (FRL No. 9953–37–OW) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7444. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clean Air Act Title V Operating Per-mit Program Revision; New Jersey’’ (FRL No. 9954–61–Region 2) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.007 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6411 November 16, 2016 
President of the Senate on October 25, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–7445. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants; State of New York, State of New Jersey and Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; Other Solid Waste Incineration Units’’ (FRL No. 9954–60–Region 2) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 25, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7446. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Disapproval of Prevention of Significant Deterioration for Particulate Matter Less than 2.5 Micrometers—Signifi-cant Impact Levels and Significant Moni-toring Concentration’’ (FRL No. 9953–46–Re-gion 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7447. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Louisiana; Prevention of Significant Deterioration Significant Moni-toring Concentration for Fine Particulates’’ (FRL No. 9953–94–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7448. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Revisions and Amendments to Regulations for Continuous Opacity Monitoring, Contin-uous Emissions Monitoring, and Quality As-surance Requirements for Continuous Opac-ity Monitors’’ (FRL No. 9954–40–Region 3) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7449. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Delaware; Disapproval of Air Quality Implementation Plan for Nonattainment New Source Review Emissions Offset Provi-sions’’ (FRL No. 9953–90–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–7450. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Texas; Infra-structure Requirements for Consultation with Government Officials, Public Notifica-tion and Prevention of Significant Deterio-ration and Visibility Protection for the 2008 Ozone and 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9952–76–Region 6) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7451. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Texas; Con-trol of Air Pollution from Motor Vehicles, Vehicle Inspection and Maintenance’’ (FRL No. 9952–27–Region 6) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7452. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; South Da-kota; Revisions to the Permitting Rules’’ (FRL No. 9953–92–Region 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7453. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maine, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont; Interstate Transport of Air Pollution’’ (FRL No. 9953–85–Region 1) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7454. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; NH; Regional Haze 5-Year Report’’ (FRL No. 9953–84–Re-gion 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7455. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; NC Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 1-hour NO2 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9954–09–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–7456. A communication from the Para-legal, Federal Transit Administration, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Emergency Relief Program’’ (RIN2132– AB13) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7457. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Use of Ozone-Depleting Sub-stances’’ ((RIN0910–AH36) (Docket No. FDA– 2015–N–1355)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7458. A communication from the Senior Attorney Advisor, Federal Highway Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Right-of-Way and Real Es-tate’’ (RIN2125–AF62) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–7459. A communication from the Attor-ney Advisor, Federal Highway Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Asset Management Plans and Peri-odic Evaluations of Facilities Repeatedly Requiring Repair and Reconstruction Due to Emergency Events’’ (RIN2125–AF57) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 31, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–7460. A communication from the Acting Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Non-Federal Oil and Gas Rights’’ (RIN1024–AD78) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7461. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Energy Conservation Stand-ards for Miscellaneous Refrigeration Prod-ucts’’ (RIN1904–AC51) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of Senate on October 31, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–7462. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Technology Transfer Executive Plan 2016–2018’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7463. A communication from the Sec-retary of Labor, transmitting proposed legis-lation entitled ‘‘Unemployment Compensa-tion Program Integrity Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7464. A communication from the In-spector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, two reports relative to Medicare pay-ments for clinical diagnostic laboratory tests; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7465. A communication from the In-spector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Medicare’s Policies and Procedures Identified Almost All Im-proper Claims Submitted for Deceased Indi-viduals and Recouped Almost All Improper Payments Made for These Claims for Janu-ary 2013 Through October 2015’’; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7466. A communication from the In-spector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Medicare Improperly Paid Providers Millions of Dollars for Incar-cerated Beneficiaries Who Received Services During 2013 and 2014’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7467. A communication from the In-spector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, reports relative to the use of the Ex-press Lane Eligibility (ELE) option under Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program (CHIP); to the Committee on Finance. EC–7468. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Computa-tion of Annual Liability Insurance (Includ-ing Self-Insurance) Settlement Recovery Threshold’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7469. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Unsuccessful Work Attempts and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.009 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6412 November 16, 2016 
Expedited Reinstatement Eligibility’’ (RIN0960–AH66) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7470. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Merit-based Incentive Payment System (MIPS) and Alternative Payment Model (APM) Incentive under the Physician Fee Schedule, and Criteria for Physician-Fo-cused Payment Models’’ ((RIN0938–AS69) (CMS–5517-FC)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 20, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7471. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Relief for Victims of Hurricane Matthew’’ (Announcement 2016– 39) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on October 27, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7472. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance Con-cerning Use of 2017 CSO Tables Under Sec-tion 7702’’ (Notice 2016–63) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7473. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2017 Cost-of-Living Adjustments to the Internal Revenue Code Tax Tables and Other Items’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–55) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7474. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Programs: Hospital Outpatient Prospective Payment and Ambulatory Sur-gical Center Payment Systems and Quality Reporting Programs; Organ Procurement Or-ganization Reporting and Communications; Transplant Outcome Measures and Docu-mentation Requirements; Electronic Health Record (EHR) Incentive Programs; Payment to Nonexcepted Off-Campus Provider-Based Department of a Hospital; Hospital Value- Based Purchasing (VBP) Program; Establish-ment of Payment Rates under the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule for Nonexcepted Items and Services Furnished by an Off-Cam-pus Provider-Based Department of a Hos-pital’’ (RIN0938–AS82) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 2, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7475. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; End-Stage Renal Dis-ease Prospective Payment System, Coverage and Payment for Renal Dialysis Services Furnished to Individuals with Acute Kidney Injury, End-Stage Renal Disease Quality In-centive Program, Durable Medical Equip-ment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies Competitive Bidding Program Bid Surety Bonds, State Licensure and Appeals Process for Breach of Contract Actions, Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies Competitive Bidding Program and Fee Schedule Adjustments; Access to Care Issues for Durable Medical Equipment; and the Comprehensive End-Stage Renal Dis-ease Care Model’’ (RIN0938–AS83) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 2, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7476. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of the Expiration Date for State Disability Examiner Authority to Make Fully Favorable Quick Disability De-terminations and Compassionate Allowance Determinations’’ (RIN0960–AH94) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 2, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7477. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare and Medicaid Programs; CY 2017 Home Health Prospective Payment System Rate Update; Home Health Value-Based Pur-chasing Model; and Home Health Quality Re-porting Requirements’’ ((RIN0938–AS80) (CMS–1648-F)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 1, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7478. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Treatment of Cer-tain Interests in Corporations as Stock or Indebtedness’’ ((RIN1545–BN40) (TD 9790)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7479. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulations Con-cerning Excepted Benefits; Lifetime and An-nual Limits; and Short-Term, Limited-Dura-tion Insurance’’ ((RIN1545–BN44) (TD 9791)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 1, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7480. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a semiannual re-port entitled, ‘‘Acceptance of Contributions for Defense Programs, Projects, and Activi-ties; Defense Cooperation Account’’ and a semiannual listing of personal property con-tributed by coalition partners; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–7481. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–086); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7482. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–073); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7483. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–063); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–7484. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the status of the Government of Cuba’s compliance with the United States-Cuba September 1994 ‘‘Joint Communique’’ and on the treatment of per-sons returned to Cuba in accordance with the United States-Cuba May 1995 ‘‘Joint State-ment’’; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–7485. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2016–0142 - 2016–0160); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7486. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Administration for Community Living, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inde-pendent Living Services and Centers for Independent Living’’ (RIN0985–AA10) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7487. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Administration for Community Living, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Speci-fications for Medical Examinations of Coal Miners’’ (RIN0985–AA57) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 24, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7488. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Attorney General, Civil Rights Division, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Amendment of Americans With Dis-abilities Act Title II and Title III Regula-tions To Implement ADA Amendments Act of 2008’’ (RIN1190–AA59) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 20, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7489. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s annual report on the performance evaluation of FDA-approved mammography quality standards accreditation bodies; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7490. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Performance Report of the Food and Drug Administration’s Office of Combination Products for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7491. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s report relative to the Eighth Re-view of the Backlog of Postmarketing Re-quirements and Postmarketing Commit-ments; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7492. A communication from the Chief Actuary, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the impact on premiums for individuals and families with employer- sponsored health insurance from the guaran-teed issue, guaranteed renewal, and fair health insurance premiums provisions of the Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.011 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6413 November 16, 2016 
EC–7493. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Termi-nated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7494. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Administration for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Family Violence Prevention and Services Programs’’ (RIN0970–AC62) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 1, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7495. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Abbreviated New Drug Ap-plications and 505(b)(2) Applications’’ ((RIN0910–AF97) (Docket No. FDA–2011–N– 0830)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7496. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Freedom of Information Regulations’’ (RIN0991–AC04) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 27, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7497. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Excepted Benefits; Lifetime and Annual Limits; and Short-Term, Limited-Duration Insurance’’ ((RIN0938–AS93) (CMS–9932-F)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 28, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7498. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Excepted Benefits; Lifetime and Annual Limits; and Short-Term, Limited- Duration Insurance’’ (RIN1210–AB75) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7499. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Regulatory Research, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Low Ac-tivity Radioactive Seeds Used for Localiza-tion of Non-Palpable Lesions and Lymph Nodes Licensing Guidance’’ (Revision 1) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7500. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Regulatory Research, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Proce-dures for the Handling of Retaliation Com-plaints Under Section 1558 of the Affordable Care Act’’ (RIN1218–AC79) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 20, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7501. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulatory Services, Office of Postsec-ondary Education, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Student Assistance General Provisions, Federal Perkins Loan Program, Federal Family Education Loan Program, William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Pro-gram, and Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education Grant Pro-gram’’ (RIN1840–AD19) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 3, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7502. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for Regu-latory Services, Office of Postsecondary Edu-cation, Department of Education, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Teacher Preparation Issues’’ (RIN1840–AD07) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 1, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7503. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for Regu-latory Services, Office of Postsecondary Edu-cation, Department of Education, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Student Assistance General Provi-sions, Federal Perkins Loan Program, Fed-eral Family Education Loan Program, Wil-liam D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program, and Teacher Education Assistance for Col-lege and Higher Education Grant Program’’ (RIN1840–AD19) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 1, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7504. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Department of Defense Agency Financial Report (AFR) for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–7505. A communication from the Chair-man, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s fiscal year 2015 Agency Financial Re-port; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7506. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–505, ‘‘Rental Housing Late Fee Fairness Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–7507. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the cost of response and re-covery efforts for FEMA–3377-EM in the State of Florida having exceeded the $5 ,000,000 limit for a single emergency declara-tion; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7508. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technical Correction: New Mailing Address for the National Commodity Specialist Division, Regulations and Rulings, Office of Trade’’ (RIN1515–AE17) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 25, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7509. A communication from the Dep-uty Archivist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Controlled Unclassified Informa-tion’’ (RIN3095–AB80) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7510. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the restating of the Commission’s fiscal year 2015 balance sheet; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7511. A communication from the Chair-man of the National Credit Union Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the semi-annual report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2016 through Sep-tember 30, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7512. A communication from the Chair-man, National Endowment for the Arts, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Endow-ment’s fiscal year 2015 Federal Activities In-ventory Reform (FAIR) Act submission of its commercial and inherently governmental ac-tivities; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7513. A communication from the Acting Chief of the Government Affairs Division, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s annual submission regarding agency compli-ance with the Federal Managers’ Financial Integrity Act and revised Office of Manage-ment and Budget (OMB) Circular A–123; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7514. A communication from the Acting Director, Planning and Policy Analysis, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Employees’ Group Life Insurance Program: Excepted Service and Pathways Programs’’ (RIN3206–AM98) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7515. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘Federal Student Loan Repayment Pro-gram Calendar Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7516. A communication from the Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and the Semiannual Management Report on the Sta-tus of Audits for the period from April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7517. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–508, ‘‘Law Enforcement Career Opportunity Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7518. A communication from the Senior Advisor for Native Hawaiian Affairs, Office of the Secretary, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedures for Reestab-lishing a Formal Government-to-Govern-ment Relationship With the Native Hawaiian Community’’ (RIN1090–AB05) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 17, 2016; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.013 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6414 November 16, 2016 
EC–7519. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief of the Regulatory Coordination Di-vision, Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services Fee Schedule’’ (RIN1615– AC09) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 24, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–7520. A communication from the Fed-eral Liaison Officer, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Trademark Fee Adjustment’’ (RIN0651–AD08) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 21, 2016; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–7521. A communication from the Chief of the Border Security Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Es-tablishment of the Electronic Visa Update System (EVUS)’’ ((RIN1651–AB08) (CBP Dec. 16–17)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–7522. A communication from the Chair-man, Board of Trustees, and the President, John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Center’s financial statements, supplemental schedules of operations, and independent auditor’s report for years ended September 27, 2015, and September 28, 2014, and a report relative to the Center’s schedule of expenditures of federal awards and inde-pendent auditor’s reports for the year ended September 27, 2015; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. EC–7523. A communication from the Human Resources Specialist (Executive Re-sources), Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Administrator, Small Business Administra-tion, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 13, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–7524. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Government Contracting, Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘HUBZone and National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 Amendments’’ (RIN3245–AG81) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–7525. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Government Contracting, Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Disaster Assistance Loan Program; Disaster Loan Credit and Collat-eral Requirements’’ (RIN3245–AG61) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 6, 2016; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship. EC–7526. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Government Contracting, Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Disaster Assistance Loan Program; Disaster Loan Mitigation, Con-tractor Malfeasance and Secured Threshold’’ (RIN3245–AG78) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 2, 2016; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. EC–7527. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; Fourth Quarter of Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–7528. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) Quarterly Report to Congress; Fourth Quarter of Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–7529. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Senate, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of the receipts and expend-itures of the Senate for the period from April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2016; ordered to lie on the table. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-nance, without amendment: S. 3470. An original bill to amend the Sur-face Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multi-employer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 374). S. 3471. An original bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage retire-ment savings, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–375). By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, without amendment: S. 2417. A bill to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to allow the Indian Health Service to cover the cost of a copay-ment of an Indian or Alaska Native veteran receiving medical care or services from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–376). S. 2739. A bill to provide for equitable com-pensation to the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Reservation for the use of tribal land for the production of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–377). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. COATS (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 4. A bill to amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act in order to strengthen rules in case of competition for diabetic test-ing strips, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 5. A bill to amend the nondiscrimination provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to protect older, longer service partici-pants; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ): S. 3469. A bill to reinstate reporting re-quirements related to United States-Hong Kong relations; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. HATCH: S. 3470. An original bill to amend the Sur-face Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multi-employer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes; from the Com-mittee on Finance; placed on the calendar. By Mr. HATCH: S. 3471. An original bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage retire-ment savings, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Finance; placed on the calendar. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. Res. 614. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of American Education Week; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions . By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. Res. 615. A resolution expressing support for the designation of November 16, 2016, as ‘‘American Special Hockey Day’’; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 375 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 375, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide a reduced rate of excise tax on beer produced domestically by certain qualifying producers. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 1081 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1081, a bill to end the use of body-gripping traps in the National Wildlife Refuge System. 
S. 1148 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of addi-tional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1559, a bill to protect victims of domes-tic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.015 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6415 November 16, 2016 
acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1808 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1808, a bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat anal-ysis, and for other purposes. 
S. 1874 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1874, a bill to provide pro-tections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from se-lecting representation by a labor orga-nization. 
S. 2397 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2397, a bill to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to au-thorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to States that extend or eliminate unex-pired statutes of limitation applicable to laws involving child sexual abuse. 
S. 2655 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2655, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the historic rehabilitation tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 2748 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) were added as cosponsors of S. 2748, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in pallia-tive care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assist-ant education programs, to promote education and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in aca-demic palliative medicine. 
S. 2750 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2750, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provisions. 
S. 2868 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2868, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for the deferral of inclusion in gross income for capital gains rein-vested in economically distressed zones. 
S. 2921 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. ENZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2921, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the account-ability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve health care and benefits for veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2957, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint com-memorative coins in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the first manned landing on the Moon. 
S. 3034 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3034, a bill to prohibit the National Tele-communications and Information Ad-ministration from allowing the Inter-net Assigned Numbers Authority func-tions contract to lapse unless specifi-cally authorized to do so by an Act of Congress. 
S. 3090 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3090, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to es-tablish a demonstration program to provide integrated care for Medicare beneficiaries with end-stage renal dis-ease, and for other purposes. 
S. 3256 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3256, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to pro-vide assistance for developing coun-tries to promote quality basic edu-cation and to establish the goal of all children in school and learning as an objective of the United States foreign assistance policy, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3353 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3353, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out sei-zures relating to a structuring trans-action unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of another criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a post-seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes. 
S. 3390 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3390, a bill to ensure that signifi-cantly more students graduate college with the international knowledge and experience essential for success in to-day’s global economy through the es-tablishment of the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program in the Depart-ment of Education. S. 3436 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3436, a bill to prevent proposed regulations relating to restrictions on liquidation of an interest with respect to estate, gift, and generation-skipping transfer taxes from taking effect. 
S. 3462 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Sen-ator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3462, a bill to provide for a 6-month delay in the effective date of a rule of the De-partment of Labor relating to income thresholds for determining overtime pay for executive, administrative, pro-fessional, outside sales, and computer employees. 
S. 3464 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3464, a bill to provide incremental in-creases to the salary threshold for ex-emptions for executive, administrative, professional, outside sales, and com-puter employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 41 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 41, a joint reso-lution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to abolish the electoral college and to provide for the direct popular election of the President and Vice President of the United States. 
S. CON. RES. 51 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 51, a concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that those who served in the bays, harbors, and territorial seas of the Republic of Vietnam during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, should be presumed to have been exposed to the toxin Agent Or-ange and should be eligible for all re-lated Federal benefits that come with such presumption under the Agent Or-ange Act of 1991. 
S. RES. 608 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 608, a resolution des-ignating the week of September 17 through September 24, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Estuaries Week’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.018 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6416 November 16, 2016 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 614—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF AMERICAN EDU-CATION WEEK Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 614 Whereas November 14 through November 18, 2016, marks the 95th annual observance of American Education Week; Whereas public schools are the backbone of the democracy of the United States, pro-viding young people with the tools they need to maintain the precious values of freedom, civility, and equality; Whereas, by equipping young people in the United States with both practical skills and broader intellectual abilities, public schools give young people hope for, and access to, a productive future; Whereas people working in the field of pub-lic education, including teachers, higher edu-cation faculty and staff, paraeducators, custodians, substitute educators, bus drivers, clerical workers, food service professionals, workers in skilled trades, health and student service workers, security guards, technical employees, and librarians, work tirelessly to serve children and communities throughout the United States with care and profes-sionalism; and Whereas public schools are community linchpins, bringing together adults, children, educators, volunteers, business leaders, and elected officials in a common enterprise: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Amer-ican Education Week; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to observe American Education Week by reflecting on the positive impact of all those who work together to educate chil-dren. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 615—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF NOVEMBER 16, 2016, AS ‘‘AMERICAN SPECIAL HOCKEY DAY’’ Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation: 
S. R ES. 615 Whereas, according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, nearly 15 per-cent of children in the United States have a developmental disability; Whereas the United States needs innova-tive, high-quality programs that seek to cre-ate productive and independent futures for children and adults with developmental dis-abilities; Whereas the American Special Hockey As-sociation was created in 2000 to give individ-uals of all ages with developmental disabil-ities an opportunity to learn and grow by playing ice hockey; Whereas team sports provide opportunities for children to develop independence, con-fidence, and fitness and the programs of the American Special Hockey Association pro-vide the chance for individuals with disabil-ities to play sports in an accessible environ-ment so that all athletes are able to partici-pate; Whereas the American Special Hockey As-sociation is the largest special hockey orga-nization in the world with more than 54 member programs in more than 45 cities in the United States; Whereas special hockey exists to enrich athletes with developmental disabilities and, in addition to physical hockey skills, the program helps children develop critical skills such as dependability, self-reliance, concentration, willingness to share, and per-sonal accountability; and Whereas ‘‘American Special Hockey Day’’ will help recognize the important role that special hockey plays in empowering individ-uals with disabilities and developing the characteristics that will help players to be more successful both on and off the ice: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of November 16, 2016, as ‘‘American Special Hockey Day’’; (2) strongly affirms the goals and purpose of special hockey; and (3) encourages more individuals to volun-teer and help create similarly innovative and beneficial programs for individuals with dis-abilities. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 5108. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. H
EITKAMP ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1808, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat analysis, and for other pur-poses. SA 5109. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Ms. A YOTTE ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1915, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines available to emer-gency response providers, and for other pur-poses. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 5108. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Ms. H
EITKAMP ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1808, to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to con-duct a Northern Border threat anal-ysis, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Northern Border Security Review Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ORTHERN BORDER .—The term ‘‘North-ern Border’’ means the land and maritime borders between the United States and Can-ada. 
SEC. 3. NORTHERN BORDER THREAT ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit a Northern Border threat analysis to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking— (A) to enter the United States through the Northern Border; or (B) to exploit border vulnerabilities on the Northern Border; (2) improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the Northern Border— (A) to prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States; and (B) to reduce criminal activity, as meas-ured by the total flow of illegal goods, illicit drugs, and smuggled and trafficked persons moved in either direction across to the Northern Border; (3) gaps in law, policy, cooperation between State, tribal, and local law enforcement, international agreements, or tribal agree-ments that hinder effective and efficient bor-der security, counter-terrorism, anti-human smuggling and trafficking efforts, and the flow of legitimate trade along the Northern Border; and (4) whether additional U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance and preinspection operations at ports of entry along the Northern Border could help pre-vent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States. (b) ANALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—For the threat analysis required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall consider and examine— (1) technology needs and challenges; (2) personnel needs and challenges; (3) the role of State, tribal, and local law enforcement in general border security ac-tivities; (4) the need for cooperation among Fed-eral, State, tribal, local, and Canadian law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; (5) the terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the Northern Border; and (6) the needs and challenges of Department facilities, including the physical approaches to such facilities. (c) C
LASSIFIED THREAT ANALYSIS .—To the extent possible, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit the threat analysis re-quired under subsection (a) in unclassified form. The Secretary may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines that such form is ap-propriate for that portion. 
SA 5109. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. A
YOTTE ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1915, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines available to emergency re-sponse providers, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Re-sponder Anthrax Preparedness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. VOLUNTARY PRE-EVENT ANTHRAX VAC-CINATION PILOT PROGRAM FOR EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall carry out a pilot program to provide el-igible anthrax vaccines from the Strategic National Stockpile under section 319F–2(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(a)) that will be nearing the end of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.020 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6417 November 16, 2016 
their labeled dates of use at the time such vaccines are made available to States for ad-ministration to emergency response pro-viders who would be at high risk of exposure to anthrax if such an attack should occur and who voluntarily consent to such admin-istration. (2) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall determine whether an anthrax vaccine is eligible to be provided to the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity for the pilot program described in para-graph (1) based on— (A) a determination that the vaccine is not otherwise allotted for other purposes; (B) a determination that the provision of the vaccine will not reduce, or otherwise ad-versely affect, the capability to meet pro-jected requirements for this product during a public health emergency, including a signifi-cant reduction of available quantities of vac-cine in the Strategic National Stockpile; and (C) such other considerations as deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (3) P
RELIMINARY REQUIREMENTS .—Before implementing the pilot program required under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall— (A) establish a communication platform for the pilot program; (B) develop and deliver education and training for the pilot program; (C) conduct economic analysis of the pilot program, including a preliminary estimate of total costs and expected benefits; (D) create a logistical platform for the an-thrax vaccine request process under the pilot program; (E) establish goals and desired outcomes for the pilot program; and (F) establish a mechanism to reimburse the Secretary of Health and Human Services for— (i) the costs of shipment and transpor-tation of such vaccines provided to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security from the Stra-tegic National Stockpile under such pilot program, including staff time directly sup-porting such shipment and transportation; and (ii) the amount, if any, by which the warehousing costs of the Strategic National Stockpile are increased in order to operate such pilot program. (4) L
OCATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program required under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall select not fewer than 2 nor more than 5 States for voluntary participation in the pilot program. (B) R
EQUIREMENT .—Each State that par-ticipates in the pilot program under this sub-section shall ensure that such participation is consistent with the All-Hazards Public Health Emergency Preparedness and Re-sponse Plan of the State developed under section 319C–1 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a). (5) G
UIDANCE FOR SELECTION .—To ensure that participation in the pilot program under this subsection strategically increases State and local response readiness in the event of an anthrax release, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall provide guidance to participating States and units of local government on identifying emergency response providers who are at high risk of exposure to anthrax. (6) D
ISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall re-quire that each State that participates in the pilot program under this subsection sub-mit a written certification to the Secretary of Homeland Security stating that each emergency response provider within the State that participates in the pilot program is provided with disclosures and educational materials designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, which may in-clude— (A) materials regarding the associated ben-efits and risks of any vaccine provided under the pilot program, and of exposure to an-thrax; (B) additional material consistent with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s clinical guidance; and (C) notice that the Federal Government is not obligated to continue providing anthrax vaccine after the date on which the pilot pro-gram ends. (7) MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—Be- fore implementing the pilot program under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to— (A) define the roles and responsibilities of each Department for the pilot program; and (B) establish other performance metrics and policies for the pilot program, as appro-priate. (8) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (c), not later than 1 year after the date on which the initial vaccines are admin-istered under this section, and annually thereafter until 1 year after the completion of the pilot program under this section, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report on the progress and results of the pilot program, including— (i) a detailed tabulation of the costs to ad-minister the program, including— (I) total costs for management and admin-istration; (II) total costs to ship vaccines; (III) total number of full-time equivalents allocated to the program; and (IV) total costs to the Strategic National Stockpile; (ii) the number and percentage of eligible emergency response providers, as determined by each pilot location, that volunteer to par-ticipate; (iii) the degree to which participants com-plete the vaccine regimen; (iv) the total number of doses of vaccine administered; and (v) recommendations to improve initial and recurrent participation in the pilot pro-gram. (B) F
INAL REPORT .—The final report re-quired under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) consider whether the pilot program re-quired under this subsection should continue after the date described in subsection (c); and (ii) include— (I) an analysis of the costs and benefits of continuing the program to provide anthrax vaccines to emergency response providers; (II) an explanation of the economic, health, and other risks and benefits of administering vaccines through the pilot program rather than post-event treatment; and (III) in the case of a recommendation under clause (i) to continue the pilot program after the date described in subsection (c), a plan under which the pilot program could be con-tinued. (b) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall begin implementing the pilot pro-gram under this section. (c) SUNSET .—The authority to carry out the pilot program under this section shall expire on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on No-vember 16, 2016, at 3 p.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-ploring Augmented Reality.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NORTHERN BORDER SECURITY REVIEW ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 269, S. 1808. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1808) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat analysis, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Northern Bor-der Security Review Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ORTHERN BORDER .—The term ‘‘Northern Border’’ means the land and maritime borders between the United States and Canada. 
SEC. 3. NORTHERN BORDER THREAT ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit a Northern Border threat analysis to the appro-priate congressional committees that includes— (1) current and potential terrorism and crimi-nal threats posed by individuals and organized groups seeking— (A) to enter the United States through the Northern Border; or (B) to exploit border vulnerabilities on the Northern Border; (2) improvements needed at ports of entry along the Northern Border— (A) to prevent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States; and (B) to reduce criminal activity, as measured by the total flow of illegal goods and illicit drugs, related to the Northern Border; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.023 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6418 November 16, 2016 
(3) improvements needed between ports of entry along the Northern Border, including the maritime borders of the Great Lakes— (A) to prevent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States; and (B) to reduce criminal activity related to the Northern Border; and (4) vulnerabilities in law, policy, cooperation between State, tribal, and local law enforce-ment, international agreements, or tribal agree-ments that hinder effective and efficient border security, counter-terrorism, anti-human traf-ficking efforts, and the flow of legitimate trade along the Northern Border. (b) A
NALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—For the threat analysis required under subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall consider and examine— (1) technology needs and challenges; (2) personnel needs and challenges; (3) the role of State, tribal, and local law en-forcement in general border security activities; (4) the need for cooperation among Federal, State, tribal, local, and Canadian law enforce-ment entities relating to border security; and (5) the geographic challenges of the Northern Border. (c) C
LASSIFIED THREAT ANALYSIS .—To the ex-tent possible, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit the threat analysis required under subsection (a) in unclassified form. The Secretary may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary deter-mines that such form is appropriate for that portion. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn, that the Heitkamp sub-stitute amendment be agreed to, that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported substitute amendment was withdrawn. The amendment (No. 5108) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Northern Border Security Review Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ORTHERN BORDER .—The term ‘‘North-ern Border’’ means the land and maritime borders between the United States and Can-ada. 
SEC. 3. NORTHERN BORDER THREAT ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit a Northern Border threat analysis to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking— (A) to enter the United States through the Northern Border; or (B) to exploit border vulnerabilities on the Northern Border; (2) improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the Northern Border— (A) to prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States; and (B) to reduce criminal activity, as meas-ured by the total flow of illegal goods, illicit drugs, and smuggled and trafficked persons moved in either direction across to the Northern Border; (3) gaps in law, policy, cooperation between State, tribal, and local law enforcement, international agreements, or tribal agree-ments that hinder effective and efficient bor-der security, counter-terrorism, anti-human smuggling and trafficking efforts, and the flow of legitimate trade along the Northern Border; and (4) whether additional U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance and preinspection operations at ports of entry along the Northern Border could help pre-vent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States. (b) ANALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—For the threat analysis required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall consider and examine— (1) technology needs and challenges; (2) personnel needs and challenges; (3) the role of State, tribal, and local law enforcement in general border security ac-tivities; (4) the need for cooperation among Fed-eral, State, tribal, local, and Canadian law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; (5) the terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the Northern Border; and (6) the needs and challenges of Department facilities, including the physical approaches to such facilities. (c) C
LASSIFIED THREAT ANALYSIS .—To the extent possible, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit the threat analysis re-quired under subsection (a) in unclassified form. The Secretary may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines that such form is ap-propriate for that portion. 
The bill (S. 1808), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1808 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Northern Border Security Review Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (2) NORTHERN BORDER .—The term ‘‘North-ern Border’’ means the land and maritime borders between the United States and Can-ada. 
SEC. 3. NORTHERN BORDER THREAT ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit a Northern Border threat analysis to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking— (A) to enter the United States through the Northern Border; or (B) to exploit border vulnerabilities on the Northern Border; (2) improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the Northern Border— (A) to prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States; and (B) to reduce criminal activity, as meas-ured by the total flow of illegal goods, illicit drugs, and smuggled and trafficked persons moved in either direction across to the Northern Border; (3) gaps in law, policy, cooperation between State, tribal, and local law enforcement, international agreements, or tribal agree-ments that hinder effective and efficient bor-der security, counter-terrorism, anti-human smuggling and trafficking efforts, and the flow of legitimate trade along the Northern Border; and (4) whether additional U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance and preinspection operations at ports of entry along the Northern Border could help pre-vent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States. (b) A
NALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—For the threat analysis required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall consider and examine— (1) technology needs and challenges; (2) personnel needs and challenges; (3) the role of State, tribal, and local law enforcement in general border security ac-tivities; (4) the need for cooperation among Fed-eral, State, tribal, local, and Canadian law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; (5) the terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the Northern Border; and (6) the needs and challenges of Department facilities, including the physical approaches to such facilities. (c) C
LASSIFIED THREAT ANALYSIS .—To the extent possible, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit the threat analysis re-quired under subsection (a) in unclassified form. The Secretary may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines that such form is ap-propriate for that portion. f 
FIRST RESPONDER ANTHRAX PREPAREDNESS ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 458, S. 1915. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1915) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vac-cines and antimicrobials available to emer-gency response providers, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.041 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6419 November 16, 2016 
had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with an amendment and an amendment to the title. (Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert the part printed in italic.) 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. VOLUNTARY PRE-EVENT ANTHRAX VAC-CINATION PILOT PROGRAM FOR EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, shall carry out a pilot program to provide anthrax vaccines from the strategic national stockpile under section 319F–2(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(a)) that will be nearing the end of their labeled dates of use at the time such vaccines are to be administered to emergency response providers who are at high risk of exposure to anthrax and who voluntarily consent to such administration. (2) D
URATION .—The duration of the pilot pro-gram required under paragraph (1) shall be 36 months beginning on the date on which the ini-tial vaccines are administered. (3) P
RELIMINARY REQUIREMENTS .—Before im-plementing the pilot program under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security, in co-ordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall— (A) establish a communication platform for the pilot program; (B) develop and deliver education and train-ing for the pilot program; (C) conduct an economic analysis of the pilot program, including a preliminary estimate of total costs and expected benefits; (D) create a logistical platform for the an-thrax vaccine request process under the pilot program; and (E) establish goals and desired outcomes for the pilot program. (4) L
OCATION .—In carrying out the pilot pro-gram under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall select emergency re-sponse providers based in not less than 2 nor more than 5 States for participation in the pilot program. (5) G
UIDANCE FOR SELECTION .—To ensure that participation in the pilot program strategically increases State and local response readiness for an anthrax release, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall provide guid-ance to participating States and units of local government on identifying emergency response providers who are at high risk of exposure to anthrax. (6) D
ISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security shall provide to each emergency response provider who partici-pates in the pilot program under this subsection disclosures and educational materials regarding the associated benefits and risks of any vaccine provided under the pilot program, consistent with Centers for Disease Control and Prevention clinical guidance, and of exposure to anthrax, including notice that the Federal Government is not obligated to continue providing anthrax vaccines after the pilot program has ended. (7) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—Before implementing the pilot program under this sub-section, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall enter into a memorandum of under-standing with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to— (A) define the roles and responsibilities of each Department for the pilot program; and (B) establish other performance metrics or policies, as appropriate. (8) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the initial vaccines are ad-ministered under this section, and annually thereafter until 1 year after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report on the progress and results of the pilot program, including— (i) a detailed tabulation of the costs to admin-ister the program, including— (I) total costs for management and adminis-tration; (II) total costs to ship vaccines; and (III) the total number of full-time equivalents allocated to the program; (ii) the number and percentage of eligible emergency response providers, as determined by each pilot location, that volunteer to partici-pate; (iii) the degree to which participants obtain the necessary vaccinations; (iv) the total number of doses of vaccine ad-ministered; and (v) recommendations to improve initial and re-current participation in the pilot program. (B) FINAL REPORT .—The final report required under subparagraph (A) shall include an anal-ysis of the costs and benefits of continuing the program to provide anthrax vaccines to emer-gency response providers, an explanation of the economic, health, and other benefits of admin-istering vaccines through the pilot program rather than post-event treatment, and a plan under which the program could be continued. (b) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall begin implementing the pilot program under this section. (c) S
UNSET .—The authority to carry out the pilot program under this section shall expire on the date that is 5 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn, that the Ayotte sub-stitute amendment be agreed to, that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, that the committee- reported title amendment be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported substitute amendment was withdrawn. The amendment (No. 5109) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Re-sponder Anthrax Preparedness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. VOLUNTARY PRE-EVENT ANTHRAX VAC-CINATION PILOT PROGRAM FOR EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall carry out a pilot program to provide el-igible anthrax vaccines from the Strategic National Stockpile under section 319F–2(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(a)) that will be nearing the end of their labeled dates of use at the time such vaccines are made available to States for ad-ministration to emergency response pro-viders who would be at high risk of exposure to anthrax if such an attack should occur and who voluntarily consent to such admin-istration. (2) DETERMINATION .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall determine whether an anthrax vaccine is eligible to be provided to the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity for the pilot program described in para-graph (1) based on— (A) a determination that the vaccine is not otherwise allotted for other purposes; (B) a determination that the provision of the vaccine will not reduce, or otherwise ad-versely affect, the capability to meet pro-jected requirements for this product during a public health emergency, including a signifi-cant reduction of available quantities of vac-cine in the Strategic National Stockpile; and (C) such other considerations as deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (3) P
RELIMINARY REQUIREMENTS .—Before implementing the pilot program required under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall— (A) establish a communication platform for the pilot program; (B) develop and deliver education and training for the pilot program; (C) conduct economic analysis of the pilot program, including a preliminary estimate of total costs and expected benefits; (D) create a logistical platform for the an-thrax vaccine request process under the pilot program; (E) establish goals and desired outcomes for the pilot program; and (F) establish a mechanism to reimburse the Secretary of Health and Human Services for— (i) the costs of shipment and transpor-tation of such vaccines provided to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security from the Stra-tegic National Stockpile under such pilot program, including staff time directly sup-porting such shipment and transportation; and (ii) the amount, if any, by which the warehousing costs of the Strategic National Stockpile are increased in order to operate such pilot program. (4) L
OCATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program required under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall select not fewer than 2 nor more than 5 States for voluntary participation in the pilot program. (B) R
EQUIREMENT .—Each State that par-ticipates in the pilot program under this sub-section shall ensure that such participation is consistent with the All-Hazards Public Health Emergency Preparedness and Re-sponse Plan of the State developed under section 319C–1 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a). (5) G
UIDANCE FOR SELECTION .—To ensure that participation in the pilot program under this subsection strategically increases State and local response readiness in the event of an anthrax release, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall provide guidance to participating States and units of local government on identifying emergency response providers who are at high risk of exposure to anthrax. (6) D
ISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall re-quire that each State that participates in the pilot program under this subsection sub-mit a written certification to the Secretary of Homeland Security stating that each emergency response provider within the State that participates in the pilot program is provided with disclosures and educational 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.025 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6420 November 16, 2016 
materials designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, which may in-clude— (A) materials regarding the associated ben-efits and risks of any vaccine provided under the pilot program, and of exposure to an-thrax; (B) additional material consistent with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s clinical guidance; and (C) notice that the Federal Government is not obligated to continue providing anthrax vaccine after the date on which the pilot pro-gram ends. (7) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—Be- fore implementing the pilot program under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to— (A) define the roles and responsibilities of each Department for the pilot program; and (B) establish other performance metrics and policies for the pilot program, as appro-priate. (8) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (c), not later than 1 year after the date on which the initial vaccines are admin-istered under this section, and annually thereafter until 1 year after the completion of the pilot program under this section, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report on the progress and results of the pilot program, including— (i) a detailed tabulation of the costs to ad-minister the program, including— (I) total costs for management and admin-istration; (II) total costs to ship vaccines; (III) total number of full-time equivalents allocated to the program; and (IV) total costs to the Strategic National Stockpile; (ii) the number and percentage of eligible emergency response providers, as determined by each pilot location, that volunteer to par-ticipate; (iii) the degree to which participants com-plete the vaccine regimen; (iv) the total number of doses of vaccine administered; and (v) recommendations to improve initial and recurrent participation in the pilot pro-gram. (B) F
INAL REPORT .—The final report re-quired under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) consider whether the pilot program re-quired under this subsection should continue after the date described in subsection (c); and (ii) include— (I) an analysis of the costs and benefits of continuing the program to provide anthrax vaccines to emergency response providers; (II) an explanation of the economic, health, and other risks and benefits of administering vaccines through the pilot program rather than post-event treatment; and (III) in the case of a recommendation under clause (i) to continue the pilot program after the date described in subsection (c), a plan under which the pilot program could be con-tinued. (b) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall begin implementing the pilot pro-gram under this section. (c) SUNSET .—The authority to carry out the pilot program under this section shall expire on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The bill (S. 1915), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1915 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Re-sponder Anthrax Preparedness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. VOLUNTARY PRE-EVENT ANTHRAX VAC-CINATION PILOT PROGRAM FOR EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall carry out a pilot program to provide el-igible anthrax vaccines from the Strategic National Stockpile under section 319F–2(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(a)) that will be nearing the end of their labeled dates of use at the time such vaccines are made available to States for ad-ministration to emergency response pro-viders who would be at high risk of exposure to anthrax if such an attack should occur and who voluntarily consent to such admin-istration. (2) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall determine whether an anthrax vaccine is eligible to be provided to the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity for the pilot program described in para-graph (1) based on— (A) a determination that the vaccine is not otherwise allotted for other purposes; (B) a determination that the provision of the vaccine will not reduce, or otherwise ad-versely affect, the capability to meet pro-jected requirements for this product during a public health emergency, including a signifi-cant reduction of available quantities of vac-cine in the Strategic National Stockpile; and (C) such other considerations as deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (3) P
RELIMINARY REQUIREMENTS .—Before implementing the pilot program required under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall— (A) establish a communication platform for the pilot program; (B) develop and deliver education and training for the pilot program; (C) conduct economic analysis of the pilot program, including a preliminary estimate of total costs and expected benefits; (D) create a logistical platform for the an-thrax vaccine request process under the pilot program; (E) establish goals and desired outcomes for the pilot program; and (F) establish a mechanism to reimburse the Secretary of Health and Human Services for— (i) the costs of shipment and transpor-tation of such vaccines provided to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security from the Stra-tegic National Stockpile under such pilot program, including staff time directly sup-porting such shipment and transportation; and (ii) the amount, if any, by which the warehousing costs of the Strategic National Stockpile are increased in order to operate such pilot program. (4) L
OCATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program required under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall select not fewer than 2 nor more than 5 States for voluntary participation in the pilot program. (B) REQUIREMENT .—Each State that par-ticipates in the pilot program under this sub-section shall ensure that such participation is consistent with the All-Hazards Public Health Emergency Preparedness and Re-sponse Plan of the State developed under section 319C–1 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a). (5) G
UIDANCE FOR SELECTION .—To ensure that participation in the pilot program under this subsection strategically increases State and local response readiness in the event of an anthrax release, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall provide guidance to participating States and units of local government on identifying emergency response providers who are at high risk of exposure to anthrax. (6) D
ISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall re-quire that each State that participates in the pilot program under this subsection sub-mit a written certification to the Secretary of Homeland Security stating that each emergency response provider within the State that participates in the pilot program is provided with disclosures and educational materials designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, which may in-clude— (A) materials regarding the associated ben-efits and risks of any vaccine provided under the pilot program, and of exposure to an-thrax; (B) additional material consistent with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s clinical guidance; and (C) notice that the Federal Government is not obligated to continue providing anthrax vaccine after the date on which the pilot pro-gram ends. (7) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—Be- fore implementing the pilot program under this subsection, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to— (A) define the roles and responsibilities of each Department for the pilot program; and (B) establish other performance metrics and policies for the pilot program, as appro-priate. (8) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (c), not later than 1 year after the date on which the initial vaccines are admin-istered under this section, and annually thereafter until 1 year after the completion of the pilot program under this section, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report on the progress and results of the pilot program, including— (i) a detailed tabulation of the costs to ad-minister the program, including— (I) total costs for management and admin-istration; (II) total costs to ship vaccines; (III) total number of full-time equivalents allocated to the program; and (IV) total costs to the Strategic National Stockpile; (ii) the number and percentage of eligible emergency response providers, as determined by each pilot location, that volunteer to par-ticipate; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.031 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6421 November 16, 2016 
(iii) the degree to which participants com-plete the vaccine regimen; (iv) the total number of doses of vaccine administered; and (v) recommendations to improve initial and recurrent participation in the pilot pro-gram. (B) F
INAL REPORT .—The final report re-quired under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) consider whether the pilot program re-quired under this subsection should continue after the date described in subsection (c); and (ii) include— (I) an analysis of the costs and benefits of continuing the program to provide anthrax vaccines to emergency response providers; (II) an explanation of the economic, health, and other risks and benefits of administering vaccines through the pilot program rather than post-event treatment; and (III) in the case of a recommendation under clause (i) to continue the pilot program after the date described in subsection (c), a plan under which the pilot program could be con-tinued. (b) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall begin implementing the pilot pro-gram under this section. (c) S
UNSET .—The authority to carry out the pilot program under this section shall expire on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The committee-reported title amend-ment was agreed to, as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to di-rect the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines available to emer-gency response providers, and for other pur-poses.’’. f 
NO VETERANS CRISIS LINE CALL SHOULD GO UNANSWERED ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5392, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5392) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve the Veterans Crisis Line. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5392) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM TRAILS STEWARDSHIP ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 845, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 845) to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to publish in the Federal Reg-ister a strategy to significantly increase the role of volunteers and partners in National Forest System trail maintenance, and for other purposes. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 845) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
AMENDING TITLE 49, UNITED STATES CODE, TO INCLUDE CON-SIDERATION OF CERTAIN IM-PACTS ON COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH AND REENTRY ACTIVI-TIES IN A NAVIGABLE AIRSPACE ANALYSIS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of H.R. 6007, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6007) to amend title 49, United States Code, to include consideration of cer-tain impacts on commercial space launch and reentry activities in a navigable air-space analysis, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 6007) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
DESIGNATING OCTOBER 30, 2016, AS A NATIONAL DAY OF REMEM-BRANCE FOR NUCLEAR WEAP-ONS PROGRAM WORKERS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 560. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 560) designating Octo-ber 30, 2016, as a national day of remem-brance for nuclear weapons program work-ers. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 560) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of September 15, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL ESTUARIES WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 608 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 608) designating the week of September 17 through September 24, 2016, as ‘‘National Estuaries Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 608) was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the pre-amble be agreed to and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of September 29, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, No-vember 17; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to Calendar No. 543, S. 3110; fi-nally, that notwithstanding the provi-sions of rule XXII, the cloture vote with respect to the motion to proceed to S. 3110 occur at noon tomorrow. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator M
ORAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.043 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6422 November 16, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Kansas. 
f 
ACCOUNTABILITY AT THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I have the honor of serving with the chair on the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, and I want to speak tonight about a set of issues, a circumstance that we have found ourselves in. As you will recall, several years ago there was a national news story and our Nation was appalled to learn that Department of Veterans Affairs em-ployees from across the country were creating secret waiting lists that stood between veterans and the care they de-served. Veterans died waiting for care because of deceptive practices at the VA. In the wake of that wrongdoing, I called for the resignation of the then- Secretary of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. At that time, I didn’t think things could get worse at the De-partment, but I was wrong. In 2014, during the confirmation hear-ings for the current VA Secretary, Bob McDonald, he seemed to understand the urgency demanded by the Amer-ican people and by their Congress to fix the problems at the Department of Veterans Affairs. In his testimony, he promised that ‘‘the seriousness of this moment demands action . . . those em-ployees that have violated the trust of the Nation and of veterans must be, and will be, held accountable.’’ Now, more than 2 years later, with authorities granted by Congress and signed into law by the President, the Secretary seems to have forgotten that promise. Time and time again, the Sec-retary uses a talking point on account-ability, stating ‘‘the VA has termi-nated more than 4,095 employees’’ since he arrived. The real number of termi-nations is three. Only three people have been discharged from the VA for their misconduct, and another 12 to 15 are ‘‘potential removals or demotions.’’ What the Secretary hasn’t said is that thousands of those terminations were actually employees placed on paid leave, thereby racking up $23 million to pay the salaries of 2,500 VA employees who weren’t actually working. The op-portunity for the Secretary and for the VA to hold bad actors accountable has been squandered. The terrible part of this is that Americans have been misled. The ac-countability the VA created in the wake of the scandal about the fake waiting lists has generated further dis-appointment and scandal due to the mismanagement and manipulation. In-stead of firing people, Americans are paying bad actors to do nothing or, worse yet, they have been transferred to other facilities to continue bad prac-tices. The morale of the vast major-ity—a huge number—of hard-working people who work for the VA, many who are veterans themselves, has to be harmed as they care for veterans every day and suffer in this culture of corrup-tion. In Kansas, my home State, we face one of the worst examples of a VA em-ployee violating the trust of a veteran. Yet the VA seems to have no sense of urgency in holding this person ac-countable or committing to fixing the process that enabled this individual to do what he did. In 2015, we learned from newspaper reports—certainly not from the VA— that a physician assistant at the Leav-enworth VA hospital, Mr. Mark Wisner, had been sexually abusing veteran pa-tients. Shortly after that news broke, the Leavenworth county prosecutors charged this individual with multiple counts of sexual assault and abuse against numerous veterans. We learned, as the story unfolded, that he had targeted vulnerable veterans suf-fering from PTSD. He prescribed opioids that inhibited their thinking, and he used his position to deepen the wounds of war rather than healing them. I will share a quote from two Army veteran brothers who were patients and felt they had no choice but to continue seeking the care or lose the health care benefits they had earned. One of them said: ‘‘The fear of losing what I had earned [in benefits] versus the fear of being sexually assaulted again, I don’t know which one was more important.’’ Imagine the desperation of a veteran trying to answer that question. Again, what is so troubling about this situation is that Mr. Wisner should never have been hired by the VA in the first place. As we add injury to insult for these veteran victims, he was not fired after he admitted the abuse. He was allowed to retire, and his vol-untary retirement means he receives certain benefits that he might not oth-erwise received if he had actually been fired. According to publicly available docu-ments, Mr. Wisner indicated on his ap-plication for licensure that he had been convicted of a crime, and further infor-mation indicates the crime and convic-tions were lewd in nature. Yet he was hired. It is infuriating—it is worse than in-furiating—that a person with a crimi-nal record, convicted of a lewd crime, was still hired to be at the frontlines of veteran patient care. When the VA was asked about his criminal record, they indicated that background checks are contingent upon ‘‘the position’s risk level’’ and that physician assistant po-sitions were considered ‘‘low risk’’ and didn’t require an exhaustive back-ground check. In my view, a practitioner in patient care should be held to the highest standards of excellence and should re-ceive an exhaustive background check. How can a position in patient care be considered low risk at the VA? Fortunately, as I said, I serve with the Presiding Officer on the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and I had the op-portunity during one of our committee hearings last September—just a few months ago—to question Secretary McDonald about the background check process and why Mr. Wisner was hired with a known criminal background. The Secretary’s response was ‘‘there was nothing in his file that suggested that there was a risk.’’ He also sug-gested that I had different information than he did—than he, the Secretary, did—which is hard to believe because the documentation I was reading from, the circumstances I was describing, came directly from his own Office of Inspector General. I have also sent the Secretary a let-ter with more than 20 questions about this situation, hoping I could receive substantive answers to those questions. More than 2 months passed until I re-ceived a response last week from the Under Secretary for Health. Actually, I was hoping to learn something from that response about the VA’s commit-ment to fixing their hiring practices, not a canned answer regarding the VA’s current process for background checks. Certainly, the 20 questions asked of the Secretary remain unan-swered. They remain unanswered re-garding why the VA’s credentialing process failed to catch Mr. Wisner—a convict. Does the VA not consider lewd crimes or convictions in an applicant’s file as a risk to veterans? The re-sponses have been unacceptable. The lack of response has been unacceptable. Also unacceptable are the cir-cumstances surrounding Mr. Wisner’s separation from the VA. Instead of an immediate termination, unbelievably, he was permitted to retire with full benefits. When the VA police received a complaint about Mr. Wisner in May of 2014, they alerted the VA inspector general. Wisner was removed from pa-tient care and placed on paid adminis-trative leave while the IG conducted its investigation. Some days later, in an interview with the VA inspector general’s special agent, Wisner admit-ted he ‘‘crossed the professional line’’ and that he engaged in ‘‘unnecessary and inappropriate behavior of a sexual nature.’’ Mr. Wisner made no attempt to hide his actions, stating that he ‘‘knew what he was doing to these pa-tients was wrong and that he had no self-control.’’ Despite confessing to these horrible and illegal actions, Mr. Wisner contin-ued to be an employee of the VA for 37 more days, giving him enough time to beat the VA to the punch and seeking and receiving retirement on June 28, 2014. One would think the moment a VA employee admits to violating or abusing a patient, a client, or a co-worker would be the moment their paycheck would end and they would no longer be employed; that there would be zero tolerance for such egregious conduct. Grounds for immediate termination clearly existed from Wisner’s own con-fessions. Yet he was able to gather all his personal documents and submit his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.031 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6423 November 16, 2016 
retirement paperwork to the VA to guarantee his retirement benefits— benefits, incidentally, that millions of veterans continue to wait for years and decades to receive. There are so many factors about this situation that are troublesome, upset-ting, and disgusting, but most impor-tantly our veterans themselves are dis-traught. The VA failed to protect them from a sexual predator. They were taken advantage of and they are hurt-ing. One victim took his own life, trou-bled by what happened to him. Wisner’s termination void of retire-ment benefits maybe would have brought a small measure of justice to the victims. Despite having more than enough justification and the authority to fire Wisner, the VA chose to do nothing, and that inaction sends a very strong and disappointing message not only to our veterans but to the VA em-ployees who are looking to the VA to have their best interest and the best interest of patients they care for, our veterans, at heart. Our veterans are expecting the VA to live up to the ‘‘I CARE’’ values created by the Secretary. Secretary McDonald announced the I CARE Program, and I can tell you that veterans in Kansas would agree that the VA did not dem-onstrate integrity, commitment, advo-cacy, respect or excellence in these cir-cumstances. When given the opportunity in a hearing and in writing, the VA’s top executives are unable to put at rest not just my mind but the minds of veterans back home in Kansas. Veterans deserve a heartfelt, thorough examination, a thorough explanation of what went wrong and what is now being done to make certain that it never happens again. Our local VA folks in our State have done what they can do to reach out to veteran patients. The stories continue to grow. Veterans continue to come forward. However, this is a serious and significant incident. The serious and significant incidents require more than just outreach. They require more than just what can happen in Kansas. They require an engagement by the top lead-ership officials at the Department of Veterans Affairs. The VA’s refusal to admit fault or commit to remedying this situation gives little confidence to Congress and, more importantly, to veterans who are being asked to trust the Department that failed to protect them. It appears the Secretary has forgotten his prom-ise made over 2 years ago to uphold the ‘‘seriousness of the moment,’’ to hold those responsible for bad behavior ac-countable. There could be no more seri-ous moment. There could be no more serious moment of recklessness by the VA than the abuse of a veteran by its own employees. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:45 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, November 17, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nomination received by the Senate: 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ANDREW J. WADE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.032 S16NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1489 November 16, 2016 
REMEMBERING THE LATE HONORABLE STEVE L
ATOURETTE 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 14, 2016 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to-night to honor a statesman and friend, Con-gressman Steve LaTourette. For 18 years, Steve served the constituents of Ohio’s 14th and 19th Congressional District with distinction. He was tenacious, shrewd, thoughtful, but more importantly, he was al-ways eager to listen and find common ground. Steve was an expert in parliamentary proce-dure. His interest in the occurrences on the floor went well beyond his own priorities or personal interests. I had the honor of working with him to protect and preserve one of the most beautiful natural resources we have here in America, the Great Lakes. He understood that along with protecting the environment of these majestic waters, millions of Americans depend on these lakes for their livelihood. Over those 18 years, Steve became more than a colleague, he became a friend. I fondly remember sneaking up to the chair and pass-ing the gossip of the day with him. I don’t think you could find a single member when he re-tired that wasn’t sad to see him go. There was one thing that he loved more than Congress, his family; he was a devoted husband and father. As we look to the end of this Congress and the start of a new, let us re-member Steve as a man who always sought common ground and practical solutions, all with a smile and laugh. 
f 
CAESAR SYRIA CIVILIAN PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5732, the Cae-sar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2016. In September, a trending comment on Twit-ter read: This is not Pompeii, this is Aleppo. Think about that for a minute. The death and destruction in Aleppo has reached such epic proportions that we are comparing it to one of the most deadly natural disasters in world his-tory. The President and his administration have continued to highlight the horrors of Syria ex-hibited by Assad and Putin by using terms like ‘‘barbarism’’, ‘‘beyond the pale’’, and ‘‘haunt-ing’’. I think the more apt term for this is ‘‘a problem from hell.’’ Yet, even as the President, Secretary of State, and Ambassador to the UN continue to talk about the carnage in Syria, there has been very little action to end the suffering of the people of Aleppo and across Syria. Mr. Speaker, it pains me every single time I come to the well of the House to talk about the atrocities in Syria. But we are failing the innocent people of Syria through our inaction. Rather than enforcing red lines for Assad’s use of chemical weapons or enhancing sanc-tions against the Russians for their war crimes in the bombing of medical facilities and aid convoys, the President and Secretary of State focus their attention on sham ceasefires that are continually violated by the people with which we negotiate. They constantly worry about the Iranians walking away from flawed nuclear deals in-stead of leading the global community to end the atrocities in Syria. I have said it before, and I will say it again: Russia and Iran are not our allies. Their inter-ests lie in destabilizing Europe and turning the Middle East into a wasteland of murder and chaos. Mr. Speaker, there needs to be a true cost for the complicity in war crimes and crimes against humanity. It’s time that Russia, Iran, and Syria are held accountable. That is why this bill is so important. It would increase sanctions on the Assad regime and its supporters for the continued atrocities com-mitted against the Syrian people. It requires this administration and any future administra-tion to stand up and impose costs on the Rus-sians, Syrians, and Iranians for the barrel bombing and gassing of innocent civilians. I want to thank my colleagues, Congress-man ENGEL and Congressman R OYCE for in- troducing this critical bill. We owe it to the innocent people of Syria to bring justice against the Assad regime, Rus-sian military, and their allies and help the struggling people of Syria. If we fail to act, fail to lead—this Syrian Civil War will be the greatest humanitarian crisis of the 21st century. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, the evening of November 14th, I am not recorded on two votes, because I was absent due to a mechanical failure on my flight. If I had been present, I would have voted: on roll call 575; yes, and on roll call 576; yes. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NORTH-WESTERN INDIANA REGIONAL PLANNING COMMISSION 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and admiration that I recognize the Northwestern Indiana Regional Planning Commission (NIRPC) as the organization cele-brates its 50th anniversary. Since its inception in 1966 as the Lake-Por-ter County Regional Transportation and Plan-ning Commission, which became NIRPC in 1973, the agency continues to play a vital role in the planning and coordination of Northwest Indiana’s highway, local road, public transit, and trails systems. In addition, NIRPC con-tinues to perform essential regional environ-mental planning and land use analysis. Serv-ing the people of Lake, LaPorte and Porter Counties, NIRPC’s coordinating role among the various public interests has been crucial to the success of the region. During the course of the past 50 years, NIRPC has been instrumental in shaping our region’s view toward transportation infrastruc-ture as well as land-use planning. Often, we narrowly view transportation infrastructure as simply the roads upon which we drive. The or-ganization’s executive directors, Board of Commissioners, and transportation planners have challenged this understanding by devel-oping programs focused upon regional transit, through its support for increasing commuter transportation opportunities along existing bus systems and the South Shore Rail Line, upon our waterways, by shaping transportation poli-cies along our rivers, and upon our multi- modal trail system, the availability of which in-creased from 13 miles in 1990 to nearly 150 miles currently under NIRPC’s direction. NIRPC’s work to expand the concepts of interconnectivity within the communities in its three-county system benefits the economic de-velopment of our region as does its work in support of the Marquette Plan, a land-use re-investment strategy focused upon the Lake Michigan shoreline. Working in coordination with the Northwest Indiana Regional Develop-ment Authority and the lakefront communities, NIRPC’s technical expertise has led to the im-plementation of transformational, intergenera-tional projects along the lakeshore. Indiana’s First Congressional District has resources other areas in our country envy—our transpor-tation infrastructure, our waterways and shore-line, and our proximity to Chicago—all of which have been enhanced by the exceptional leadership exhibited by the dedicated individ-uals and municipal officials which make up NIRPC. I would be remiss if I did not mention just a few of the people who have made NIRPC’s first 50 years such a great success and guar-antee at least another half century of accom-plishment. The commission’s first Chairman, Dr. Joseph J. Forszt; Vice-Chairman, Virgil O. King; Secretary William L. Staehle; Executive Director, Norman E. Tufford; and Deputy Di-rector Jim Ranfranz were essential in estab-lishing and guiding the organization. NIRPC is currently under the able direction of Chairman, Chesterton Town Councilman James Ton; Vice-Chairman, Highland Clerk-Treasurer Mi-chael Griffin; Secretary, Beverly Shores Town Councilman Geof Benson; Executive Director, Ty Warner; and Deputy Director, Steve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.001 E16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1490 November 16, 2016 
Strains. The wide array of talent and ideas possessed by these individuals and countless others has developed NIRPC’s focus and promises its future success. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring and congratulating NIRPC. For the past 50 years, the organization has touched the lives of countless individuals through its unwavering commitment to the community of Northwest In-diana. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DOCTOR TOM LARWOOD AND HIS LEADERSHIP ON VALLEY FEVER RESEARCH 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and achievements of Dr. Tom Larwood, who passed away on September 6, 2016 at the age of 90. He was a devoted community leader in Kern County, California, a pioneer in Valley Fever research, and a good friend of mine. Doctor Tom—as he was known in Bakers-field—served in the Navy Hospital Corps and went on to graduate from the University of Southern California’s School of Medicine. Ac-tive in his local Methodist church, Tom went on a missionary trip to South Korea in 1955 where he provided medical assistance and was instrumental in the construction of a new hospital in Wonju. Currently, Wonju Severance Christian Hospital is the largest university hos-pital in central Korea, a lasting marker of Tom’s desire to help others. Despite con-tracting polio during his time in South Korea, Tom continued to lead a life of profound pro-fessional accomplishment and remained fiercely dedicated to community service. Tom settled in Bakersfield in the 1950s. During this time, he practiced medicine at Kern County General Hospital, now the Kern Medical Center, where he rose to the position of Chief of Internal Medicine. Over the course of his career, he became a respected leader and expert, both locally and nationally, on Val-ley Fever. He worked closely with others, in-cluding Dr. Royce Johnson and the late Dr. Hans Einstein, to raise awareness of this dis-ease, educate health care professionals on how to diagnose and treat it, pioneer treat-ments and other therapies to combat Valley Fever, and promote the development of a Val-ley Fever vaccine—an endeavor that con-tinues today. Valley Fever—formally known as coccidioi-domycosis—is a disease caused by a fungus that is found in soil mainly in the American southwest and is contracted by inhaling spores into the lungs. This disease has long been a threat to our community and is particu-larly dangerous to individuals with com-promised immune systems and the elderly. Tom and his wife, Pauline, whom he married in 1972, worked tirelessly with the Valley Fever Americas Foundation for more than two decades to spread awareness of Valley Fever and raise money to fund critical research de-signed to stamp out this disease. In fact, I was honored to recently present the Larwoods with the Hans Einstein Lifetime Achievement Award for their work on Valley Fever. After retiring from medical practice in 1991, Tom remained an active participant in an array of local medical boards and was an enthusi-astic volunteer with the American Lung Asso-ciation, Boy Scouts of America (he was an Eagle Scout), Bethany Homeless Center, and the Bakersfield Symphony Orchestra, among others. I considered the advice Doctor Tom gave me—whether on Valley Fever, health care issues, or how to better serve our commu-nity—as invaluable. He is survived by Pauline, his children, David, Don, Dean, Debbie, Diana, Mike, and Scott, and his eight grandchildren. I will miss Tom’s great sense of humor and constant optimism, and I know he will be fond-ly remembered in the hearts and minds of the countless patients and their families that he served in Kern County. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 190TH ANNI-VERSARY OF SCHUYLKILL TOWNSHIP 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the resi-dents, businesses, and Board of Supervisors of Schuylkill Township as they celebrate 190 years as a municipality in Chester County, Pennsylvania. Swedish and Dutch settlers first arrived in the area situated between the Schuylkill River and Pickering Creek in 1713 and named the river ‘‘Schuylkill’’, meaning ‘‘hidden river’’ in Dutch. More than a century later on November 4, 1826, the eastern portion of neighboring Charlestown Township was declared Schuylkill Township by the Chester County Court. One of the Township’s most-recognized his-torical structures is the Schuylkill Friends Meeting House where several generations of Quakers have worshipped and, prior to the Civil War, aided slaves seeking freedom and hosted visits by noted abolitionists of the era. The Township’s rich agriculture heritage in-cludes sprawling farms owned by the Reeves family, who operated the Phoenix Iron Works, and relatives of former Pennsylvania Governor Samuel Whitaker Pennypacker. Today, more than 8,500 people call the 9.44 square miles that make up Schuylkill Township home. The community commemorated the Town-ship’s 190th anniversary on Saturday, Novem-ber 5, 2016, during its annual Founders Day celebration. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my col-leagues join me in congratulating the resi-dents, business owners, and community lead-ers as Schuylkill Township marks this memo-rable milestone. 
f 
HONORING DOROTHY MAY SHARER 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dorothy May Bick Sharer, or Dodo, as she was called by her fa-ther. Dorothy is a longtime Michigan resident and a community gem. Dorothy was born on December 19, 1915, and will be celebrating her 101st birthday this year. She was born in Toledo, Ohio, where she resided until she moved to Michigan with her husband, Raymond Sharer. Dorothy has one daughter, three grand-children, and six great-grandchildren, of whom she is very proud. She has a passion for ani-mals and she and her husband spent many years raising and showing horses. Mr. Speaker, Dorothy has been a commu-nity member cherished by many and we are thrilled to celebrate and honor her birthday this year. I ask that my colleagues join me today in honoring Dorothy. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SHERIFF ROBERT SIKES 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Sheriff Robert Sikes who passed away on September 26 at the age of 88. Mr. Sikes has always been an important part of the coastal Georgia community, dedi-cated to making it a great place to live as well as improving the lives of his fellow residents. Even as a high school student at Bradwell Institute, he worked toward improving his com-munity as class president, Beta club president, and a district winner in track. Mr. Sikes took his community service to the national level by enlisting in the United States Navy and serving during World War II. After his service in the Navy, Mr. Sikes moved back to coastal Georgia where his father was serv-ing as the county sheriff. In 1959, when his fa-ther’s term was ending, Mr. Sikes ran for sher-iff and won the seat originally held by his fa-ther. He worked as sheriff of Liberty County for 29 years before retiring. Now, Mr. Sikes’s son holds the position— truly speaking to the amount of respect that the community has for Mr. Robert Sikes and his family. In addition, Mr. Sikes served as president of the Bradwell Football Boosters Club, member of the Alee Temple Shrine Club, the Georgia Sheriffs Association, Hinesville Rotary Club, and the First United Methodist Church. On May 3, 2014, a section of I–95 was marked and dedicated to Mr. Sikes in grati-tude of his devotion for his community. It is an honor today to recognize the life of this great man. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CATHEDRAL HIGH SCHOOL, A BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an outstanding school that is being honored as a 2016 Na-tional Blue Ribbon School. It is a pleasure to congratulate Cathedral High School in Indian-apolis, Indiana in celebration of this special occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO8.003 E16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1491 November 16, 2016 
The National Blue Ribbon designation, given by the United States Department of Education, is awarded to both public and private schools across our great nation. Started by President Reagan and given annually since 1982, the award celebrates great American schools that achieve very high learning standards or are making significant improvements in the aca-demic achievements of their students. In my district and across the country, the award rec-ognizes the great educators, students, and parents who have worked so hard to ensure Indiana’s children reach their full potential and achieve academic success. For all of these reasons and many more, I am so proud that Cathedral High School is re-ceiving this prestigious designation. It is a wonderful acknowledgement of the school’s commitment to providing young Hoosiers an exceptional education. While hundreds of schools nationwide were nominated, only 329 schools were designated as 2016 National Blue Ribbon Schools and Cathedral High School was 1 of 50 private schools to receive recognition, making this recognition all the more impressive. Cathedral was the only high school in Indi-ana to achieve the National Blue Ribbon award in 2016. Cathedral provides its students with an outstanding education both academi-cally and within the Catholic faith. An excep-tional Catholic high school in the Holy Cross tradition, Cathedral transforms a diverse group of students spiritually, intellectually, socially, emotionally, and physically. Their mission to educate students with the competence to see and the courage to act prepares students to be principled learners and future leaders. I ap-plaud Cathedral High School for its work to ensure its students engage in significant acts of community service and remain dedicated to carrying out the mission of Jesus Christ. As an advocate for education and youth, I also want to acknowledge how important it is to our nation’s future to encourage and raise a new generation of Americans who have the skills and knowledge to succeed both in and out of the classroom. Students like those at Cathedral High School give me hope that we will accomplish this vital mission. Their out-standing work is an inspiration to students, educators, and parents across the nation. Once again, congratulations to Cathedral High School. I am very proud of you. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 145TH ANNI-VERSARY OF BETHEL AFRICAN METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH IN POTTSTOWN 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the old-est African-American Church in Pottstown as its congregation celebrates 145 years of wor-ship, fellowship and stewardship in the com-munity. Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church first opened its doors in April 1871 at North Franklin and Beech Streets. In addition to tending to the spiritual needs of its members, Bethel African Methodist Epis-copal Church has always taken great pride in serving anyone in need throughout the greater Pottstown community. Specifically, the Church operated a thriving food pantry for many years that fed hundreds of families. A Saturday church school program geared toward local youth offers meals, field trip op-portunities, and a chance to find an outlet for their musical talents by participating in a bell choir, which has performed countless times at other churches in the area. And a community leadership lecture series named in honor of the late Pottstown NAACP leader, Newstell Marable, aims to educate and empower by addressing an array of issues re-lated to finding employment, building a secure financial future, and strengthening the commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, I would ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Bethel African Meth-odist Episcopal Church in Pottstown on this memorable milestone and in extending our sincere appreciation for the outstanding spirit of volunteerism and compassion demonstrated time and time again during the past 145 years by Church leaders and congregants. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF EDWARD J. DOHERTY 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Edward J. Doherty on the occasion of his retirement after thirty six years of out-standing public service in our criminal justice system. Ed, as he is known to all, launched his ca-reer in the district court system in 1980 as an Assistant Clerk-Magistrate in the Attleboro Dis-trict Court in Attleboro, Massachusetts. He quickly moved up to become the First Assist-ant Clerk-Magistrate, a position in which he excelled at for seven years before being ap-pointed by then-Governor Paul Cellucci as the Clerk-Magistrate of the Wrentham District Court. Ed is well known to all those who practiced law in Massachusetts district courts as the embodiment of public service and dedicating one’s life to the greater good. In addition to his wide array of responsibilities as Clerk Mag-istrate, Ed also has served on the Massachu-setts Association of Magistrates and Assistant Clerks’ Executive Board, the board of directors of New England Sinai Hospital, the Massachu-setts District Court Task Force on Security, and as a Charter member of the Advisory Committee of the Human Rights Commission, among many other legal administration and public safety organizations. Through his par-ticipation in these organizations Ed has helped to shape and influence policy across the board from domestic violence law to human rights. He has also sponsored a Courthouse Speaker Series to bring awareness to the many topics of concern facing the court and the commu-nity. Throughout his years of service, Ed has never strayed from his commitment to pro-viding each and every dispute, warrant and issue that comes before him the attention and care they deserve. His experience in the crimi-nal justice system, professional and personal relationships with colleagues, law enforcement officers, and other professionals has allowed Ed to become an invaluable member of the district court system in the Commonwealth. In addition, Ed has spearheaded efforts to send holiday greetings to U.S. military service mem-bers deployed around the world. His ‘‘Court Cards for Combat’’ program has brightened the holidays of tens of thousands of our troops serving bravely overseas. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in honor of Edward Doherty, who embodies all of the best qualities of a Clerk Magistrate. I ask my col-leagues to join me in recognizing this distin-guished public servant and in wishing him the best of luck in his future endeavors. f 
HONORING STATE SENATOR ANDY HILL 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of State Senator Andy Hill from Redmond, Washington. After beating lung cancer in 2009, he turned toward a bright future in public service. He was elected to represent the 45th Legislative District of Washington in 2010. Senator Hill, a tough negotiator who fought strongly for con-servative principles, served as the Chairman of the Senate Ways and Means Committee. Senator Hill has been praised by people from both parties for his sharp intellect and tireless work ethic. He led bipartisan budgets for our State and education was his top priority. He made much needed reforms to the State’s mental-health system and helped reduce the waitlist for serv-ices for people with developmental disabilities. Senator Hill was a devoted father and hus-band. My heart goes out to his family—his wife, Molly, and his children, Allie, Charlie, and Katie. While the State of Washington has lost a well-respected leader and dedicated public servant, I cannot imagine the loss they must feel. Senator, you will be greatly missed. 
f 
IN HONOR OF GEORGE S. LOCKWOOD 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the accomplishments of a remarkable man. I have had the great pleasure to have known and worked with George S. Lockwood for over 40 years. He is a boundless inno-vator, an expansive dreamer, and a relentless task master. I have no doubt that he is one of those remarkable human beings whose life’s work in aquaculture will continue to pay divi-dends for humanity long into the future. George originally trained as an engineer. He earned a BS in Civil Engineering from North-western University followed by an MBA from Harvard University. He began his career with Perini, Inc., a large global heavy construction company where he served in various engi-neering and executive management positions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.004 E16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1492 November 16, 2016 
He next joined Los Angeles based Global Ma-rine where he managed special projects for the firm’s offshore drilling, marine engineering, and construction. George then left the corporate world to begin his second career as an aquaculture in-novator. He founded Monterey Kelp Corpora-tion in California, a marine plant harvesting and processing company that he later sold to a subsidiary of the pharmaceutical giant Merck. In 1972, he established Monterey Aba-lone Farms to develop commercial tech-nologies for growing abalone and other sea-food. Then in 1984, Mr. Lockwood founded Ocean Farms of Hawaii (OFH) in Kona, Ha-waii, to grow salmon, oysters, abalone, sea ur-chins and marine plants on a commercial scale using cold pure seawater pumped from the deep ocean into ponds and tanks onshore. He recently founded a new company, Ocean Farms of The Bahamas, which he hopes will lead an expansion of aquaculture in the Carib-bean. All along, George used his aquaculture ex-perience to help shape public policy. In 1980, he worked with Congress to help craft the Na-tional Aquaculture Act. He then helped me in the California Legislature with drafting the California Aquaculture Act of 1982. This legis-lation modernized the regulation of aqua-culture in California and served as a model for other states. George also served in numerous industry leadership roles, including: past presi-dent and multi-year director of the World Aquaculture Society; a founder and past presi-dent of the California Aquaculture Associa-tion—where I first met George; chairman of the Aquaculture Committee of the California Farm Bureau Federation; and a founding member of the U.S. Aquaculture Council. Since 2000, George has been involved in official and unofficial capacities advising USDA’s National Organic Standards Board re-garding the creation of organic certification standards for aquaculture. Since 2005, he has served as Chair of the Aquaculture Working Group of the USDA National Organic Program that has contributed to the development of proposed standards for farmed fish and shell-fish currently working their way through the federal rulemaking process. Mr. Speaker, I know that I speak for the whole House in applauding George Lockwood’s accomplishments. The world is a better place because of his efforts. We wish him, his wife, the Rev. Canon Marcia Lockwood, their four grown children and two grandchildren all the success in the world. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JORDAN PIERSON 
HON. RANDY NEUGEBAUER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember Captain Jordan Pierson, a young man who I had the honor of nominating to the Unites States Air Force Academy. Jordan was an exemplary individual who graduated from Coronado High School in Lubbock, Texas, in 2005 before moving on to the Air Force Academy. Through the Air Force, he dedicated his life to serving others. On October 2, 2015, Jordan, five other air-men, and five civilians died when their C–130J aircraft crashed at Jalalabad Airfield in Af-ghanistan. I helped Jordan start out on his path toward a career in the military by nomi-nating him to the Air Force Academy. I also had the honor of seeing him home, being present when his body was returned from overseas and interred at Arlington National Cemetery. Jordan is survived by his wife, Jaime Pierson. As we remembered those who have served on Veterans Day earlier this month, I ask my colleagues to join me in hon-oring Jordan Pierson and assuring his friends and family that he is not forgotten. f 
SEX TRAFFICKERS SHOULD BE SHAMED 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, one hot summer day in Houston, a single mother (we will call her Amy) met a man. At the time, Amy was lonely and struggling to make a life for her young children. He was charming, funny and a talented member of the music industry. He told her he loved her and it made her feel valued and safe. This man promised her a better life, saying that with her help, the two of them would start a thriving record label together, but in order to do this they would need to move away for awhile. He said this would be good for her fu-ture and, more importantly, her children’s fu-ture. She was vulnerable, financially hurting, looking for a better life, and she trusted him. The plan was to move away for three months, and so they went. Once they moved, the man immediately changed his tune. He isolated Amy from her family and friends and became hostile and abusive. It quickly became clear to Amy that that there was no record label. Instead, she had found herself in a dangerous situation. She spent her days trapped in a dark room where men would come in one by one. She was used and abused, treated like a pros-titute. She was no prostitute. She was a victim of human trafficking being held against her will. The ‘‘appointments’’ with men continued to increase. It became clear quickly to this mother that she was now a sex slave. One day, one of Amy’s fellow captives being held by this man had a nervous breakdown to the point where she could no longer be phys-ically controlled. She was a threat to his se-cretive business. The trafficker became dis-tracted, and Amy was able to escape back to Houston. Her family picked her up and she re-turned home, but she was not the same woman that left months before. Her life was forever changed. Amy was one of the lucky ones who got away, but her story of captivity is all too com-mon in America. Traffickers prey every day on vulnerable women, from the insecure teenager at the mall to mothers like Amy looking for a better life for their children. This modern-day slavery happens right here in Texas in plain sight at our motels, cantinas and massage parlors. The victims live among us in our com-munities, but behind closed doors, they are slaves living in fear. They totally lose their identity. Meanwhile, their slave traders are able to keep their lives, committing this hor-rendous crime anonymously and continuously. Buyers and sellers of humans want to remain anonymous because they can. Those days need to end. As a former criminal court judge in Texas, I successfully used public punishment for two purposes. First, I wanted to make sure de-fendants did not end up back in my courtroom. Second, I wanted to instill fear in would-be criminals to deter them from committing crimes in the first place. I believe this form of public shaming can be successful in combatting human trafficking. That is why I have introduced The SHAME Act in Congress. This legislation will give federal judges the ability to publish both the names and the photographs of both convicted human traffickers and buyers of trafficked victims. The second part of that is important—in order to effectively combat trafficking, we must go after the customers. The bill is designed to allow the public to easily access the pictures and information of those living among them in society who have purchased sex from victims. That way the buyers will no longer be able to hide in plain sight under the cloak of anonym-ity. Furthermore, I hope the SHAME Act strikes fear in those who think about purchasing young women for sex. Perhaps the fear of having their face on a billboard will make them think twice about participating in the modern day slave trade. Traffickers and sex abusers run a global business second only to the slave trade. Like any business, this trade is successful because of its customers and the continuous demand they provide. It is time to SHAME these hor-rible humans out of the business. Our children are not for sale. 
f 
IN HONOR OF AN AMERICAN PATRIOT 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the courage, dedication, and ex-traordinary career of Colonel Andrea Thomp-son, who retired on October 31, 2016 after 28 years in the United States Army. Colonel Thompson has spent her life de-voted to others—and in defense of our great nation. In May of 1988 Andrea was commis-sioned into the U.S. Army, and like thousands of other selfless soldiers, stood up and said ‘‘send me.’’ She served as a skillful advisor, a steadfast leader, and a committed mentor to younger soldiers while deployed in dangerous places far from home. A career military intelligence officer, Colonel Thompson has commanded missions from the tactical to the strategic, and the result is clear: her work has made our country safer. Her ca-reer is marked by notable achievements—in-cluding leadership roles in critical combat tours and operational deployments around the world, including in Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, in the NATO Stabilization Force operations in Bosnia, as the Senior In-telligence Officer for the 101st Airborne Divi-sion (Air Assault) in Operation Iraqi Freedom, and in Afghanistan as the Intelligence Direc-torate/J2 Chief of Staff with General 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO8.009 E16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1493 November 16, 2016 
McChrystal during Operation Enduring Free-dom. But Colonel Thompson’s service to the United States has extended beyond the mili-tary. She was a key advisor to multiple Con-gressional Committees, including the first Sen-ior Military Advisor to the Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs in the U.S. House of Representatives. Colonel Thompson also served as my National Security Advisor on the Committee on Homeland Security, where she proved to be tough, honest, and re-lentless in her work to defend our country against emerging and persistent threats. I want to personally recognize the achieve-ments of this patriot and thank Colonel Thompson for her dedication to duty and to the United States of America. Simply put, she embodies what is best about our country. Her grit is unquestioned, and her bedrock beliefs reflect the heart of American values. We face great challenges in this still-young century, and we must inspire new generations to be equal to the task. To that end, we need guiding lights. Colonel Thompson is one of them. She is a woman whose life is a testa-ment to the age-old truth that we are defined by our character and by our readiness to do what is right. She has already inspired many, but it is clear that Colonel Thompson’s contin-ued example will have a ripple effect far be-yond our view. For that, she deserves the thanks of a very grateful nation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PHYLLIS HARDEMAN 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the life of Mrs. Phyllis Hardeman from Savannah who passed away on September 15, 2016. Mrs. Hardeman was a remarkable woman of many talents and interests—always using her skills to better her community and make people happy. During World War II, she served as an aircraft spot-ter. She took pride in knowing that no enemy planes were able to successfully attack her hometown. Additionally, Mrs. Hardeman became a Weather Watcher for WTOC in which she kept a detailed record of Savannah’s weather for the local news station. Her love of nature ex-tended to bird watching, observing plants, and keeping up with the changes of the seasons. Some say, she even knew the scientific name for every plant in her home. Mrs. Hardeman also loved her local sports teams, holding season passes each year to see the Georgia Bulldogs and Georgia South-ern Eagles play. Mrs. Hardeman founded the Savannah Area Republican Women’s club and served as its president. Now, the club is flour-ishing with monthly meetings and increasing membership. She also served on numerous councils and committees throughout Savannah including the Citizen’s Advisory Committee to the Chat-ham Urban Transportation System, the John Birch Society, the Chatham County Repub-lican Committee, the Coastal Heritage Society, Bonaventure Historical Society, Thunderbolt Garden Club, Savannah Bulldog Club, Chat-ham Club, and the Mighty Eighth Historical Society. Her presence lit up the Savannah commu-nity and she will surely be missed. f 
TRIBUTE TO CHIEF ARTHUR HAW-KINS OF THE KENSINGTON, MARYLAND VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 50-year career of an extraor-dinary leader in our community—Chief Arthur ‘‘Artie’’ Hawkins, Kensington, Maryland Volun-teer Fire Department’s most senior operational member. Chief Hawkins has been instrumental in developing the Kensington VFD into one of the most outstanding Departments in the re-gion. A third-generation firefighter, Chief Hawkins began serving the Department at the age of 12 and has dedicated his life to service. Rising through the ranks, he has served as both De-partment Chief and as President. As a leader and a colleague, Chief Hawkins provided the start for hundreds of volunteers who have con-tinued serving the public through the fire serv-ice, Armed Forces, and police and medical fields. Thanks to his outstanding guidance and mentorship for so many leaders, Chief Haw-kins’ imprint is on the work of people who are saving lives all over the globe each and every day. Chief Hawkins is more than a leader. He has played countless roles in the lives of the Department members, whether it be as a fa-ther, a brother or a friend. He has been there for them during the happiest moments of their lives as well as the saddest. Chief Hawkins truly embodies the meaning of ‘‘brotherhood’’ within the fire service. Chief Hawkins has also been a pillar of strength during critical times in our nation’s history. He has played important roles in the Department’s response to numerous emer-gencies, including the D.C. race riots of the 1960s, the 9/11 attacks on the Pentagon, and the sniper attacks that paralyzed the Wash-ington, D.C. metropolitan area in 2002. On November 20, 2016, Chief Hawkins will lead his final regular shift on a special day— the 50th anniversary of his very first shift with the Department. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the lifetime achievements of Chief Arthur Hawkins I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing gratitude and appreciation to him for his outstanding service to our nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Tuesday, November 15, 2016. I would like to show that, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call votes 577 and 578. HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LLOYD HINOTE OF MILTON, FLORIDA HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the life and legacy of Northwest Florida’s beloved Lloyd Hinote, who passed away November 13, 2016. A longtime resident of Milton, Florida, Lloyd had a deep love for his family and for his community and his con-tinued efforts to make Milton a more beautiful place has left a lasting impact that will be re-membered for years to come. Born on January 22, 1938, in Alflora, Florida to James and Verble Hinote, Lloyd spent his first eight years in nearby Indian Ford, before moving to live the remainder of his life in his beloved Milton. Lloyd graduated as 1 of 56 students in the Milton High School Class of 1956, and after high school he matriculated to Florida State University, where he earned a bachelor’s degree in management and fi-nance. Lloyd continued his education, completing The School of Banking at the University of Oklahoma, and then embarked on a success-ful private sector career, working as the vice president of a local bank for over twenty-four years and as a private business owner for over eighteen years, before serving almost ten years as the executive director of the Pace Area Chamber of Commerce. In 2002, Lloyd decided to serve his community in local gov-ernment by serving on the Milton City Council. On the Milton City Council, Councilman Hinote represented Ward IV for over 15 years. It was his leadership as Chairman of the Parks and Recreation committee that initiated the improvements at Sanders Street Park and Russell Harbor Landing. He was fully dedi-cated to bettering Milton, as evidenced by his work on the council to build a new city hall, fire station, wastewater treatment facility, and build and maintain countless recreation facili-ties. On behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize the life of Lloyd Hinote. My wife Vicki and I extend our heart-felt prayers and condolences to his daughter, Lisa; and grandson, Skylar. 
f 
RECOGNIZING EARL L. FULLER 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Earl L. Fuller, who served our country during World War II. Mr. Fuller enlisted in the U.S. Army in Feb-ruary 1941 at the age of 27. He was assigned to the 10th Signal Corps of the 31st Infantry, which was operating in the Pacific Theater. When the Japanese Army invaded the island of Corregidor, Mr. Fuller was taken captive. He spent a total of three years and four months as a prisoner of war. While a prisoner, Mr. Fuller befriended a Japanese guard who wanted to learn English. The two men played baseball together and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.005 E16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1494 November 16, 2016 
formed an unlikely friendship. The guard helped deliver oranges and small fish to the American prisoners—the only food they had to eat besides rice. Mr. Fuller escaped from the prison camp near the end of the war. As he fled from his captors, he saw the guard who he had be-friended. Mr. Fuller saluted the guard, who re-turned the gesture. Although the two men would never see each other again, the guard’s compassion had a lasting impact on Mr. Fuller. Mr. Fuller’s courage and respect for the human spirit transcended the political and cul-tural boundaries of his time. Despite the hor-rors of war, his courage and optimism shined through the darkness and demonstrated the best of the human spirit. Mr. Fuller did not tell his incredible story until 2007, when he was 93 years old. He passed away in 2010 in Penn Yan, New York. I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing the life and service of Earl L. Fuller— an American hero with a truly remarkable story. 
f 
KEVIN BARRY’S PUB 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Kevin Barry’s Pub in Savan-nah, Georgia. On September 27th, the pub won the 2016 Irish Pubs Global Authenticity Award for giving its customers the most au-thentic Irish Pub experience, outside of Ire-land. For the past 35 years, this pub has brought some Irish culture to River Street in Savan-nah. Every night, at 8 pm, Kevin Barry’s Pub features live, traditional Irish music. The owner of the pub, Vic Power, uses the music as a way to pass down Irish history to younger generations. Locals and tourists alike who want to hear classic Irish storytelling visit Kevin Barry’s Pub to hear it for themselves. While maintaining a true Irish atmosphere, this pub has certainly brought happiness, laughter, and singing to all ages for the last 35 years. As the city that hosts the second largest St. Patrick’s Day celebration in the U.S., Ireland’s culture and community aspect is important to Savannah and this pub is an important part of Savannah’s Irish heritage. I am proud that Kevin Barry’s Pub has added to the First Congressional District of Georgia’s heritage and wish the pub, its own-ers, and its customers, the best of luck in the future. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 40TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE JAMAICAN SO-CIAL CLUB 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 40th Anniversary of the Jamai-can Social Club of Toledo, Ohio. I was pleased to join in the celebration of the mile-stone anniversary in our community. Since 1976, the Jamaican Social Club has served northwest Ohio and southern Michigan as an organization dedicated to charity, edu-cation, social and scientific purposes. Since its inception, the Jamaican Social Club has pro-moted a better understanding and cooperation among all cultures and citizens in the region. Almost one year after being founded as a non-profit, multicultural organization in the State of Ohio, the Hon. Harry Kessler, Mayor of the City of Toledo at the time, proclaimed the first week in August ‘‘Jamaican Independ-ence Week’’ and called upon citizens of To-ledo to join the organization in celebration. The Jamaican Social Club has given con-sistently of its time and talents over the past 40 years and has donated hundreds of volun-teer hours each year to assist those in need. For example, at the devastation of Hurricane Gilbert in Jamaica, the Jamaican Social Club, through its support from General Mills, do-nated one trailer load of cereals to hurricane victims in Jamaica. Two truck-loads of hospital beds and equipment, donations by Toledo area hospitals, were shipped to two hospitals in Jamaica. In addition, athletic uniforms and equipment, books and pencils have been donated to sev-eral schools in Jamaica, including four com-puters, which were donated to Trench Town School in Kingston and one to Harry Watch School in Manchester, Jamaica. Over the years, several scholarships have been awarded to high school students in the Toledo area for excellent achievement, and the organization sponsors a ‘‘Dreams for Teens’’ TV talent show designed to enhance students with exceptional ability to perform competitively. Winners of this talent competi-tion are offered prizes and scholarships. Periodic donations are made to Toledo’s homeless shelters as well. The Jamaican Social Club serves as a liai-son between the Citizens of Toledo and its au-thorities and the people and Government of Jamaica, and offers assistance to newly ar-rived immigrants to get adjusted in their com-munities. The Jamaican Social Club has hosted sev-eral Jamaican diplomats as well as many other guests from Jamaica; Toronto, Canada; Baltimore, MD; New York, NY; and Indianap-olis. IN; to the city of Toledo. We offer our heartiest congratulations to the Jamaican Social Club for its rich history and wonderful contributions to our region over the last 40 years. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ELAINE E. THOMPSON 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to honor the life of Ms. Elaine E. Thompson of Hamilton, Virginia. Throughout her life, Ms. Thompson was a re-spected leader in her community and a nota-ble historian of African American culture in Loudoun County. Coming from a family of educators, I applaud Ms. Thompson’s dedica-tion to the search for knowledge throughout her life as teacher, historian, author, and speaker. Ms. Thompson led many successful efforts to advance the recognition and preservation of African American history. Aside from her nu-merous contributions of written work on the subject, she was instrumental in the founding of the Thomas Balch Library’s Black History Committee, and the establishment of the his-toric highway marker at the Emancipation Grounds in Purcellville, Virginia. Ms. Thomp-son was a role model and mentor for many in the community. Most recently, she left her mark on African American history through her contribution of Joseph Trammell’s freedom certificate to the Museum of African American History and Culture. Joseph Trammell, a freed slave who was buried in Lincoln, Virginia, was an ancestor of Ms. Thompson. In 2014, she donated Mr. Trammell’s freedom certificate to the National Museum of African American His-tory and Culture. One of the last joys of her life was to see her gift at the museum’s open-ing and to be an invited guest at the Dedica-tion Ceremony and Gala. Her selfless legacy will forever be a part of the history of Loudoun County and the nation as a whole. Elaine was quiet but passionate, resolute and firm in her convictions. She lavished love, affection, and gifts on family members and friends. She also gently shared her dis-pleasure if someone disappointed her. After her retirement, Elaine dedicated her time to caring for her parents in their declining years. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the life of, and bidding fare-well to, Elaine E. Thompson. May she rest in peace, and her family be comforted. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE LONG BRANCH FREE PUBLIC LIBRARY 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Long Branch Free Public Li-brary as its administration, Board of Trustees, members and the Long Branch community celebrates its 100th anniversary this year. Its commitment to serving the community is truly deserving of this body’s recognition on this significant milestone. Throughout its history, the Long Branch Free Public Library has supported and been supported by the community. At the proposal by a group of thirty local women, the Long Branch Free Public Library got its start in 1878 as The East Long Branch Reading Room & Li-brary Association. For 38 years, The East Long Branch Reading Room & Library Asso-ciation was operated by the group until they turned it over to the City of Long Branch in 1916 as a requisite for a Carnegie Corporation grant for a new library that city residents had approved via referendum that November. Since its founding, the Long Branch Free Public Library has been an integral part of the Long Branch community and maintains out-standing resources and accessibility for its pa-trons. Over the years, the library continued to grow, expanding to a second branch in the Elberon section of Long Branch and currently averages 10,000 visits per month. It has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.010 E16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1495 November 16, 2016 
evolved with technology and the changing needs of its patrons, providing computers and free Wi-Fi access, career services, research assistance, literacy and citizenship classes, and homebound library services among many other vital services. The Long Branch Free Public Library also serves as a place for the community to come together, offering pro-grams for children and young adults, book clubs, cultural events, historical programs and activities for all ages. The Long Branch Free Public Library is a welcome place for the community to share and has been recognized for its efforts to offer an outstanding space for learning and civic in-volvement. It was selected by Asbury Park Press readers as one of the Best Libraries in Monmouth County in 2015 and received the 2014 New Jersey State Library Innovation Award. Its Director, Tonya Garcia, was also named the New Jersey Library Association 2016 Librarian of the Year. Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in celebrating the 100th anniversary of the Long Branch Free Public Library. The library con-tinues to uphold its mission to assist the com-munity and its efforts are to be recognized. 
f 
IN HONOR OF RAMON ‘‘CHUNKY’’ SANCHEZ 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ramon ‘Chunky’ Sanchez, an excep-tional musician and activist for the community of San Diego. Chunky Sanchez passed away on Friday, October 28, 2016, a few days be-fore his sixty-fifth birthday. Chunky Sanchez was born in 1951 in Blythe, California to Mexican immigrant par-ents. He was a talented musician, who was taught traditional Mexican music by his mother and uncles. Chunky Sanchez quickly learned how to sing, play ten different instruments, and com-pose his own music. In 1969 he attended San Diego State University on a scholarship and began performing with La Rondalla Amerindia de Aztla´n, a noted musical group composed of students and professors. Later, Chunky Sanchez became a vocalist for the folklore group Los Alcranes (The Scor-pions) which he co-founded along with his brother Ricardo. They recorded their first album in 1977. Through his music, he would tell the story of the Chicano movement and of the Mexican American bi-cultural experience. Chunky Sanchez was so well received that labor leader Cesar Chavez would often invite him to play at union rallies. Chunky Sanchez was also an incredibly active member of the San Diego community. In his song ‘Rising Souls’, he sang that we needed to ‘educate, not incarcerate, so that humanity will shine.’ During his lifetime he embodied these lyrics as he worked with local youth as a coach, an educator, a youth center director, and a gang intervention counselor. His passion and care for the community garnered numerous awards and honors from organizations across Cali-fornia and throughout the City of San Diego. Chunky Sanchez is best known for his song ‘‘Chicano Park Samba’’, which narrated the struggle for and successful creation of Chi-cano Park in San Diego. A City Historic Land-mark, Chicano Park honors the history of the Chicano Mexican people through monumental murals, sculptures, earthworks, and an archi-tectural piece. Earlier in the 114th Congress, I introduced H.R. 3711, the Chicano Park Preservation Act to preserve Chicano Park as part of the Na-tional Historic system. Coincidentally, this bill is being marked up by the House Natural Re-sources Committee later today. I would like to thank Chairman BISHOP and Ranking Member G
RIJALVA for supporting this legislation. It’s a fitting way to honor Ramon ‘Chunky’ Sanchez’s memory. Ramon Chunky Sanchez will be missed by his family—his wife Isabel, five children, many grandchildren and the San Diego community. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the lyrics of the Chicano Park Samba. 
CHICANO PARK SAMBA LYRICS  
LOS ALACRANES MOJADOS : CHUNKY SANCHEZ , 
RICARDO SANCHEZ , MARIO AGUILAR , MARCO  
ANTONIO RODRIGUEZ  In the year the year 1970, in the city of San Diego, under the Coronado Bridge, lied a little piece of land, a piece of land that the community of Logan Heights wanted to make into a park . . . A park where all the chavalitos could play in so they wouldn’t have to play in the street and get run over by a car . . . a park where all the viejitos could come and just sit down and watch the sun go down in the tarde . . . a park where all the familias could come and just get together on a Sunday after-noon and celebrate the spirit of life itself. But the city of San Diego said, ‘‘Chale. We’re going to make a highway patrol sub-station here, man.’’ So on April 22nd, 1970, la raza of Logan Heights and other Chicano commu-nities of San Diego got together, and they organized . . . and they walked on the land, and they took it over with their picks and their shov-els and they began to build their park. And today, that little piece of land under the Coronado Bridge is known to every-body . . . as Chicano Park . . . Orale! It began in 1970, under the Coronado Bridge En mi barrio, in San Diego Where my people began to fight For Chicano Park, for Chicano Park Under the bridge, under the bridge, under the bridge . . . We shall continue to live my brother, We shall continue to fight my friend For Chicano Park, under the bridge . . . Raza!, Que vivan, que vivan, Los barrios unidos! f 
RECOGNIZING 1ST CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT OF GEORGIA SCHOOLS FOR ACHIEVING THE NATIONAL BLUE RIBBON 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Calvary Day School and Jacob G. Smith Elementary School in Savan-nah as well as Midway Elementary School in Blackshear for being awarded the National Blue Ribbon in 2016 by the U.S. Secretary of Education, John B. King, Jr. These outstanding schools won the blue rib-bon for their overall academic excellence, progress in closing achievement gaps among student subgroups, and demonstrating that all students can strive to achieve peak levels in education. The award is an extraordinary achievement for these schools. The selection process for National Blue Ribbon Award is highly competi-tive and schools from all over the country compete for this prestigious honor. I am proud to rise today to congratulate the principals, staff, students, and families of the schools for their hard work in achieving this national recognition. I wish them the best of luck this school year and encourage them to continue their impressive work in the First Congressional District of Georgia. f 
CONGRATULATING TAYLORVILLE AS THE CHILLI CAPITAL OF IL-LINOIS 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, today I congratulate my hometown of Taylorville on its designation as the Chilli Cap-ital of Illinois. Taylorville hosts five International Chilli So-ciety cook-offs every year, in addition to nu-merous local and regional events. Each sum-mer, Taylorville is home to the Christian Coun-ty Ag Fair’s chilli cookoff and in October, Taylorville hosts its own ‘‘Chillinois Regional’’ Chillifest. Annually, these competitions bring twelve chilli-cooking world champions to Taylorville and as many as ten thousand chilli con-noisseurs. Earlier this year, the Illinois General Assembly passed H.R. 1357, which officially named Taylorville the Chilli Capital of Illinois. I am very proud of my hometown and I would like to commend Mayor Brotherton and the City of Taylorville on this distinction. I look forward to celebrating many more years as the state’s chilli capital. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF GERTIE FLETCHER 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to honor the life of Mrs. Gertrude ‘‘Gertie’’ Mae Smith Fletcher of Ashburn, Virginia. Throughout her life, Mrs. Fletcher was a respected leader in the com-munity as she and her husband Charlie were founding members of Ashburn Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department. Her dedicated serv-ice has kept the people of the Ashburn com-munity safe for over 60 years. One morning in 1947, Gertrude was busy preparing for an event at the fire station when an alarm was dispatched. Her brother-in-law, Carly Fletcher, was the only fireman that re-sponded to answer the call that morning. Re-alizing that he may need help in this situation, Carly called for Mrs. Fletcher to get in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.014 E16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1496 November 16, 2016 
truck with him and promptly deputized her as a volunteer firefighter. Ever since that day, Mrs. Fletcher supported the Ashburn Volun-teer Fire and Rescue Department through her service as an officer of the Ladies Auxiliary. Her selfless legacy will forever be a part of both organizations. Always willing to lend a hand to a neighbor in need, Gertie was an irreplaceable pillar of our community. Mrs. Fletcher was active in all phases of community life in Ashburn, from her leadership at the Calvary Baptist Church to her role in forming the Blue Ridge Speech and Hearing Center. She always worked tirelessly to better her community. Mrs. Fletcher is sur-vived by her son, Tom Fletcher, two grand-children, Brian and Catherine, and two great- grandchildren, Taryn and Brock and a sister, Aileen. She will be missed by the countless lives she has touched over her years of public service. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the life of, and bidding fare-well to, Gertrude Mae Smith Fletcher. May she rest in peace, and her family be comforted. 
f 
RECOGNIZING IMPACT BROWARD 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Impact Broward and the critical work they do in South Florida. This vital orga-nization has served Broward County through a dedicated commitment to providing at-risk chil-dren, veterans, senior citizens, and other indi-viduals with the resources and care that they so urgently need. Each day, Impact Broward provides stu-dents with academic assistance, offers support to veterans, assists struggling senior citizens, and supports Broward County Non-Profits. These programs exist because of the strong commitment of all Impact Broward’s staff, and I would like to especially acknowledge their President and CEO, Peter Kaldes, for the ex-ceptional work that he has done to ensure that all Broward County residents get the care and support that they need. Congratulations to today’s honorees: Dr. Philip Greenberg of the William ‘‘Bill’’ Kling VA Clinic, receiving the 2016 Edith S. Lederberg Wisdom in Action Award; Bruce Williams of the Pride Center, receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award; Deputy Lauren Apollo of the Broward Sheriff’s Office, receiving the Indi-vidual Award; Whole Foods Market, receiving the Award of Excellence; Flora Lathem of the Foster Grandparent Program, receiving the Robert Scott Public Service Award for Volun-teering with Children; Jacqueline Coleman, re-ceiving the Senior Companion Volunteer Award; Lisa Pohle, receiving the RSVP Sen-iors, Teachers Achieving Reading Success Volunteer Award; and American Express re-ceiving the Corporate Excellence Award. I express deep appreciation for Impact Broward’s great work. Their dedication to pro-vide struggling individuals with critical attention and support is noble. RECOGNIZING DIRECTOR GALE MCCOY 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Gale McCoy and all of her accomplishments as Director of the At-lanta Passport Agency. Over the last 5 years, the Atlanta Passport Agency has assisted a copious amount of Americans with passport issuance for imme-diate travel since the agency opened in 2011. This year alone the Atlanta Passport Agency has helped more than 38,000 citizens. Director McCoy has worked with the Atlanta Passport Agency since its inception, providing a service which is important to residents across Georgia because, otherwise, Geor-gians would need to travel to New Orleans, Miami, or Washington, DC, to gain an urgent, new passport. In addition to her time working with the Atlanta Passport Agency, Director McCoy has worked for the U.S. Department of State in various other capacities for more than 30 years. Later this year, Mrs. McCoy will retire as the Director of the Atlanta Passport Agency. I rise today to recognize her effort and accomplish-ments in assisting U.S. Citizens and thank her for the service she has provided to many peo-ple in the First Congressional District of Geor-gia. I wish her the best with her future endeav-ors. 
f 
CELEBRATING 50 YEARS OF THE COMMISSION ON ECONOMIC OP-PORTUNITY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize the Commission on Economic Opportunity (CEO) which is celebrating its 50th Anniversary this year. With the mission of promoting self-sufficiency among low-income and vulnerable populations by confronting the causes and reducing the effects of poverty, CEO has consistently advanced the wellbeing of my constituents and our community in Northeastern Pennsylvania. The Commission on Economic Opportunity was established in 1966 as a multi-service, nonprofit organization. With its central office in Wilkes-Barre, CEO has expanded to include offices throughout my district in Hazleton, Tunkhannock, and Kingston. CEO operates more than 20 community development pro-grams, and, with over 150 full and part-time employees, their work serves over 32,000 indi-viduals in Northeastern Pennsylvania each year. CEO’s ability to adapt to the changing nature of poverty has been a key part of their success, and this allows them to use flexible and local solutions to promote self-sufficiency in our region. When I was mayor, I worked with Gene Brady and CEO to develop the Pine Street neighborhood in Hazleton. This area was in need of renovation, and after a four block sec-tion of land was donated, Gene and I brought the community together to build single-family homes. Staying true to their mission, CEO helped these families take control of their mortgages and become self-sufficient home-owners. Over ten years later, the Pine Street neighborhood is still thriving thanks to the work of Gene and all of the employees and volunteers at CEO, and this truly exemplifies their ability to increase the standard of living for all. As a father of four and grandfather of four, I recognize the importance of providing our children with every opportunity to succeed. That’s why I am grateful that an organization like CEO has taken a leading role in creating child and family-centered services in my dis-trict to ensure that the challenges of poverty do not limit anyone’s potential. The Commis-sion on Economic Opportunity also under-stands the need for strategic partnerships to address the root causes of poverty. Their ef-forts to provide funding and leadership for groups such as Luzerne County Head Start, the Child Development Council of NEPA, Rural Health Corporation of NEPA, and Mater-nal and Family Services of NEPA, have al-lowed them to reach the community at large, while efficiently using their resources to estab-lish more low-income organizations in the re-gion. The Monsignor Andrew J. McGowan Center for Healthy Living exemplifies their strategic partnerships, as they utilize their own Weinberg Food Bank to store and distribute food to a network of regional agencies, with the intent of helping people go ‘‘from hungry to healthy.’’ Mr. Speaker, with 50 years of successful service in Northeastern Pennsylvania, the Commission on Economic Opportunity has consistently set an example of what can be achieved when a private organization engages with their community. On behalf of my con-stituents, I want to thank the board of direc-tors, staff, and volunteers that have worked tirelessly to make their goal of ‘‘People Help-ing People’’ possible, and I look forward to their continued success in Northeastern Penn-sylvania. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAXINE PRATHER 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge one of my constituents, Maxine Prather, who turned 99 years old on Sep-tember the 19th. Mrs. Prather’s life has been a truly American story. Born in 1917, Maxine lived through some of the most uncertain times in American history during which she not only endured, but flourished. Maxine Prather, affectionately called Gigi by her grandkids, worked as a secretary for many years. She was a devoted wife to her husband who was a Methodist Minister. Through the years, the family travelled the country to preach the scripture. It was through these travels that Maxine developed an interest in collecting beautiful china for her home. To this day Maxine Prather still enjoys entertaining guests, shopping and visiting the great muse-ums our nation has to offer every chance she gets. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.018 E16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1497 November 16, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, this is a woman of extreme courage and fortitude, whose life story serves as an inspiration to all. She has spent nearly her entire life in service to others and her self-lessness should be acknowledged for all to witness. I would ask my fellow members to stand with me and applaud Mrs. Maxine Prather and wish her well. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL CENTRAL SERVICE WEEK 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize October 9th–15th, 2016 as International Central Service Week. During this week, we recognize and show appreciation to the Central Service Profes-sionals across the world, who work each day to guarantee that all surgical instruments are clean and sterile. I think everyone has either experience themselves or has a loved one who has expe-rienced a surgical procedure where a Central Service Professional was directly responsible for decontaminating, cleaning, processing, as-sembling, and sterilizing the instruments used throughout that procedure. To all of those dedicated Central Service Professionals, thank you for what you do. Please know your work is appreciated and you are an important part of keeping our nation healthy. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE FLYNN 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my good friend, George Flynn, who is retiring after nearly 30 years of dedicated public service as Pulaski County Circuit Clerk in Somerset, Kentucky. George has honorably served as Circuit Clerk since winning his first election in 1987. Since then, he has proven to be one of the most beloved and respected leaders in the county with his unmatched work ethic and quick wit. Everyone ‘‘south of the river’’ in Pu-laski County is related to George, or claims to be, and his support has never wavered. Whether you have known George for five min-utes or fifty years, he treats you like family, earning him a loyalty with friends in and out of the political arena. He always has a personal story to share—and at a moment’s notice, he can rattle off the history of Pulaski County, along with the genealogy of nearly every fam-ily in town. He has never been one to pass through with a quick hello—but genuinely in-quires about the well-being of friends and fam-ily. Over the last three decades, George has brought the Pulaski County Circuit Clerk’s of-fice up to speed with 21st century tech-nology—overseeing the digitization of thou-sands of records and managing growing court dockets on a daily basis. His operation is top- notch. Outside of the clerk’s office, his volunteer service has been second to none. From the Lake Cumberland Friends Association, to the Boy Scouts of America, to the Ducks Unlim-ited Club and the Pulaski County Lincoln Club—his tireless efforts to improve local qual-ity of life expands across the Lake Cum-berland region. Everyone is equipped with the same compo-nents to make a difference in their community, but it is only those with the courage of convic-tion and dedication, like George Flynn, who will leave a legacy of community service, such as he has done. My wife, Cynthia, and I wish George and his wife, Resa, many years of joy and good health in their retirement. f 
CONGRATULATING EL COMERCIO DE COLORADO 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate El Comercio de Colorado on their award-winning editorial excellence. El Comercio de Colorado is a bilingual newspaper which has served Colorado and the Denver area since 1999 with articles about international, national and local news topics of importance to our community. El Comercio de Colorado has embodied leadership in the His-panic printed media industry. In recognition of their quality publications, the National Associa-tion of Hispanic Publications (NAHP) has pre-sented El Comercio de Colorado with four Gold Jose´Martı´Publishing Awards. El Comercio de Colorado was noted as hav-ing the number one Classified Ads section in the nation during the 34th edition of the Jose ´ Martı´Publishing Awards. For industry leading distinction, the sports section was awarded two gold awards for content and design, as well as cartoonist Angonoa, who received gold for outstanding work. El Comercio de Colo-rado also received honorable mentions for edi-torial content, photography, illustrations and design. I would like to congratulate partner and Edi-tor Eva Tejada, as well as the entire staff at El Comercio de Colorado on a job well done. These awards show El Comercio de Colo-rado’s unwavering commitment to quality pub-lications and the Hispanic printed media com-munity. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ISAAC B. ROSENBERG 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of myself and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsyl-vania, our Ranking Minority Member, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Isaac B. Rosenberg, who is leaving the House to join the United States Department of Justice, National Courts Section. Mr. Rosenberg has served in the Office of the General Counsel for nearly three years as an Assistant General Counsel. Mr. Rosenberg provided frequent and invaluable legal advice and representation to the House community, particularly in con-nection with federal court litigation involving issues of great institutional importance. Mr. Rosenberg provided extensive advice and liti-gation expertise to the Chief Administrative Of-ficer, the Committee on House Administration, the Committee on Ethics, House Leadership, and numerous Members, officers, and other committees of the House. House staff came to rely on Mr. Rosenberg’s expertise and guid-ance, particularly in connection with their in-vestigative and oversight activities. Mr. Rosen-berg has played a very significant role in safe-guarding the legal and institutional interests of the House of Representatives. He has served the House with great distinction, and we know he will continue to serve our Nation with that same level of distinction at the Department of Justice. On behalf of the Committee on House Administration and the entire House commu-nity, we thank Mr. Rosenberg for his devoted service, and extend to him our very best wish-es for continued success. f 
RECOGNIZING STATE REPRESENTATIVE RON STEPHENS 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Representative Ron Ste-phens from Savannah, Georgia, for being awarded the Distinguished Alumni Award from Armstrong Atlantic State University. Representative Ron Stephens represents the 164th District in the Georgia General As-sembly. During his time as Representative, he has done a remarkable job representing his constituents. Currently, he is Chairman of the House Economic Development & Tourism Committee and a member of the Appropria-tions, Rules, and Ways and Means Commit-tees allowing him to advocate important issues for his constituency. In addition, Governor Na-than Deal appointed Representative Stephens to the Georgia Tourism Foundation. Before his time in the Georgia General As-sembly, Representative Stephens was already working for the betterment of his community. He began in pharmacy and served the med-ical needs of others for thirty-seven years. Thereafter, he served as a councilman in Gar-den City. Representative Ron Stephens has accom-plished a great deal for his community. I am proud of my friend for his work and overjoyed that he is receiving the Distinguished Alumni Award from Armstrong Atlantic. 
f 
HONORING THE 20TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SILICON VALLEY COUNCIL OF NONPROFITS 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to-gether with my colleagues, Congress mem-bers A
NNA ESHOO and M IKEHONDA to ac- knowledge the Silicon Valley Council of Non-profits (SVCN). As is widely known, Santa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.022 E16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1498 November 16, 2016 
Clara County, particularly Silicon Valley, re-ceives worldwide attention for its technological innovation, but Silicon Valley’s innovative spirit is not limited to technology, it also extends to public/private partnerships and the nonprofit sector. The Silicon Valley Council of Nonprofits (SVCN) was founded in 1996 to represent the local community interests of nonprofits in Santa Clara County. Its mission is to continue to foster and magnify the influence and con-tribution of nonprofit agencies and businesses in Santa Clara County. SVCN achieves this mission with a broadly diverse approach, which includes policy work and advocacy, community partnerships and al-liances, and budget and leadership develop-ment. This approach is second to none, when compared to other common Organizational Development groups, namely because it par-ticipates in the public and private sectors to le-verage the effectiveness and impact of non-profits. SVCN has a network of 200 member agencies which serve as a vital catalyst for building and maintaining nonprofit leaders, partners and collaborators. Furthermore, it is an integral and unifying voice for health and human service agencies in Santa Clara Coun-ty. SVCN focuses on building alliances and partnerships to increase the effectiveness of nonprofits. It increases the capacity of non-profits through trainings, summits and skill building programs that make nonprofits more effective and it encourages nonprofit leaders to be better advocates for their system of care and serve as spokespersons at public forums; hearings, and developing meaningful relation-ships by participating with local elected and government officials at key decision making tables. When SVCN achieves its goals, it benefits the entire nonprofit sector and ultimately our community, particularly those individuals and families who are disenfranchised and find themselves struggling to meet even their most basic needs of housing, healthcare, food and education. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Silicon Valley Coun-cil of Nonprofits, for its 20 years of extraor-dinary leadership and advocacy in the non-profit sector. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LOUDOUN PRESERVATION LEADER SU WEBB 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to re-member my constituent Carolyn ‘‘Su’’ Allen Saunders Webb from Loudoun County, Vir-ginia. Mrs. Webb was well known throughout the community for her passion and dedication to park conservation. She was an individual committed to protecting the landmarks that make up Virginia’s beautiful and historic Loudoun County. Mrs. Webb earned recogni-tion through her preservation efforts on the Piedmont Environmental Council, Aldie Herit-age Association, and the Lovettsville Park Ad-visory Board. She was one of the foremost preservation leaders in Loudoun County, and her tireless efforts can be seen throughout our great Commonwealth. As a long-serving newspaperwoman, Mrs. Webb consistently focused her energy on the local community by keeping Loudoun County informed. Additionally, she served on the Loudoun County Parks, Recreation and Open Space Advisory Board for over 20 years. Few individuals have had such a sterling record of protecting their community’s resources. Clear-ly, Mrs. Webb’s unrelenting belief in preserva-tion gave her the strength to protect the com-munity she loved until her passing. Mrs. Webb led the way in founding the Farm Museum at Claude Moore Park in Ster-ling, Virginia, as well as the transfer of the Historic Mt. Zion Church and Aldie Mill Park to the protection of NOVA Parks. For her actions she was named the 2012 Heritage Hero by the Mosby Heritage Association and was in-ducted as a Loudoun Laurel. Mrs. Webb is survived by her sister and brother-in-law Sally and Richard Garrison, her daughter and son-in-law Anne and Steve Fabry, her aunt Mary Hirschi, and the Hirschi and Carey cousins. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to highlight the life and legacy of Su Webb and the impact she had on our district. I ask that my col-leagues join me in remembering Mrs. Webb on her commitment to natural and historical preservation in Loudoun County. May she rest in peace. f 
REMEMBERING DOYLE KELLEY 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Doyle Kelley from Savan-nah, Georgia, who passed away on Sep-tember 30th. Mr. Kelley, known throughout the Savannah community as Coach Kelley, dedi-cated his life to teaching and mentoring stu-dents. After graduating from Armstrong Atlantic State University in 1969, Coach Kelley started coaching Jenkins High School’s basketball team, sparking his commitment to students. Coach Kelley’s passion shows not only in his incredible success on the court, but also the notorious testimonials from students about how he changed their lives for the better. After he moved to coach basketball at Savannah Christian Preparatory School, he had 427 vic-tories in basketball alongside 18 state cham-pionships, but the number of students he posi-tively impacted is far greater. After his successful years in the sport, Coach Kelley served as the high school prin-cipal for 14 years at Savannah Christian until his retirement. His caring and compassionate nature was seen by everyone in the community—from friends, colleagues, students, and certainly family members. Coach Kelley’s presence in the community will be deeply missed and felt by all who had the pleasure of knowing him. f 
CELEBRATING 150 YEARS OF THE STANDARD-SPEAKER 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize The Standard-Speaker, which is celebrating its 150th Anniversary this year. With a humble beginning in my hometown of Hazleton, The Standard-Speaker has provided generations of my constituents with reliable and current news in Northeastern Pennsyl-vania. It is hard to imagine what our city would be like without The Standard-Speaker to keep us informed. When I was mayor for more than ten years, the newspaper was always there on my front step in the mornings, and the report-ers and editors would be weighing in letting me know how I was doing. Now that I am a member of Congress, The Standard-Speaker is still a good barometer of what is happening at home and what the people are thinking about. The Standard-Speaker has a long and proud history. It was founded in 1866 as The Hazleton Sentinel, and after numerous owner-ship changes during the late 1800s and early 1900s, the paper was eventually purchased by former Hazleton Treasurer Henry Walser. For a time, there were three publications in Hazle-ton: The Plain Speaker, the Daily Standard, and The Hazleton Sentinel. After acquiring the Daily Standard in 1917 to create The Stand-ard-Sentinel, Henry Walser and his new part-ner, John R. Dershuck, combined their efforts to bring The Standard-Sentinel and The Plain Speaker under one roof in 1961. Ownership was eventually consolidated in the hands of Henry’s son, Frank, who merged not just the morning and afternoon papers, but also their names, to give rise to the all-day publication, The Standard-Speaker. Staying true to the paper’s heritage of family ownership and strategic mergers, in April of 2007, it was announced that the Lynett and Haggerty families of Scranton would purchase the paper. The company already owned The Citizens’ Voice in Wilkes-Barre, The Times- Tribune in Scranton, and The Republican & Herald in Pottsville, which made The Stand-ard-Speaker a natural fit for their vision of treating Northeastern Pennsylvania as a single region in which Hazleton occupies a unique spot. Mr. Speaker, for more than a century, The Standard-Speaker has been an integral part of the community in Northeastern Pennsylvania. Generations of families have not only relied on the paper for their daily news, but have been the ones working to produce it. I am incredibly grateful for the work of all the employees that make The Standard-Speaker so special, and I look forward to the paper’s continued success and innovation in the years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.028 E16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1499 November 16, 2016 
COMMEMORATING THE 150TH ANNI-VERSARY OF SHILOH BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the sesquicentennial anniversary of Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church, located in my congressional district in Henderson, North Carolina. Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church was founded in 1866, three years after the Emanci-pation Proclamation was signed by President Abraham Lincoln and months following the ratification of the Thirteenth Amendment to the Constitution. The Church property was ac-quired by its members for religious worship, and has since remained a place of worship and fellowship for the Henderson/Vance Coun-ty community and other surrounding areas in eastern North Carolina. In the Church’s early days, both Methodists and Baptists worshipped in the same building, but in 1867, the membership had grown so significantly that the two denominations agreed that the Baptists would buy the Meth-odists’ share of the property. Under the lead-ership of Reverend Jefferson Burwell and Mr. Aaron Pratcher, Shiloh Baptist Church pro-ceeded to organize a place of worship on one acre of land located in Henderson. Mr. Speaker, much of Shiloh Baptist Church’s growth over the years can be attrib-uted to its dedicated leadership and congrega-tion. In 1985, Reverend Richard I. Walden led the Church to a larger building to accommo-date the growing congregation. With Reverend C. R. Mitchell as pastor in 1967, the Church saw the erection of a new Sanctuary and Edu-cational Department. In October 2002, Shiloh further expanded with a new multipurpose building that was named in honor of Shiloh’s church mother, Mother Johnnie Young Mims Sanders. Since 1995, Shiloh has been pastored by Reverend Joseph L. Ratliff. Today, Shiloh Baptist Church remains a pillar of the Henderson community and in the state of North Carolina. The Church remains active in its community, serving as a longtime partner of the Food Bank of North Carolina. As a member of the food pantry, Shiloh serves over 975 house-holds and over 2,280 individuals each month. Shiloh has also partnered with area churches to provide school supplies to students and Christmas food boxes to over 225 families an-nually. Shiloh Baptist Church’s 150th anniversary observes the labor and dedication over 150 years as well as the Church’s promise for the future. By the grace of God, Shiloh Baptist Church’s outstanding leadership and devoted congregation have allowed for significant growth in membership and ministry and con-tinued outreach in the community. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the rich history of Shiloh Baptist Church in Henderson, North Carolina, and I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Reverend Ratliff, the con-gregation, and the residents of Henderson on this historic milestone. OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,847,114,759,737.23. We’ve added $9,220,237,710,824.15 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF OLD DOMINION COTIL-LION 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the 25th anniversary of Old Dominion Cotillion. Established in 1991, Old Dominion Cotillion has worked tirelessly to educate young women about how to conduct them-selves with grace and poise, as well as the value of community service. Old Dominion Cotillion is an all-volunteer, nonprofit women’s social organization founded by Sherry Clark Pressley of Vienna, Virginia. Her original vision, along with friends Alice Cromarty, Lisa Alexander and Lynn Williams, was to establish an organization of families working together to expand their daughters’ knowledge and confidence to deal with their future adult lives. The work done by the women of Old Dominion Cotillion has helped shape the lives of countless young women who will serve as the leaders of tomorrow. The ODC’s commitment to the community can be seen not only through their efforts to prepare young women for adulthood, but also through their service efforts. This year alone their membership contributed more than 900 hours of service to the Ronald McDonald House in Falls Church, as well as to several other organizations. During these years of vol-unteerism, ODC has received many accolades and recognitions, such as the Fairfax County Youth Volunteer Service Award for out-standing service and the Shelter House 30th Anniversary Champion Award for the high level of service and commitment to preventing and ending homelessness. It is organizations like this which keep the communities in Vir-ginia’s 10th District vibrant and thriving, and it is my privilege to represent them. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the 25th anniversary of Old Do-minion Cotillion and thank them for their ef-forts to prepare young women for adulthood. What has evolved throughout their twenty-five- year history has been nothing less than mag-ical. It has brought women together to work for the betterment of not only their girls but their families and communities. I know the Old Do-minion Cotillion will continue to provide these young ladies with opportunities to serve and grow as individuals, and I wish them all the best. IN RECOGNITION OF MICHAEL DUNNE HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Colonel Michael Philip Dunne of Brunswick, who passed away on Sep-tember 21st, 2016. He will be remembered by many in Geor-gia’s First Congressional District for his 25 years of work with Gulfstream Aerospace where he served as Safety Manager. Colonel Dunne also served in the United States Army for 11 years and spent the following 9 years in the Army Reserves. After 20 years of honorably serving his country, he retired as a Lieutenant Colonel. In his spare time, he loved to spend time with his family and stayed active in his community by fishing with his neighbors. Colonel Dunne’s life will always be admired for his leadership, compassion, generosity, and devotion to service. It is an honor to rec-ognize Colonel Dunne’s life today. His pres-ence and work in his community will certainly be missed. 
f 
NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, this week marks National Apprenticeship Week, a time set aside to celebrate and rec-ognize apprenticeship programs for their suc-cess in providing a clear pathway from edu-cation to employment. Apprenticeship programs are mutually bene-ficial for employers and job-seekers. They connect well-qualified, trained employees with meaningful, high paying jobs for fulfilling lives. They have played a critical role in the suc-cesses companies across South Carolina, such as BMW, Michelin, Bridgestone, MTU America, Boeing, Blue Cross Blue Shield, and Volvo. Quality education and training is vital for competing in the workplace and I am grateful to Apprenticeship Carolina, led by Di-rector Brad Neese, for their work in creating jobs. I appreciate that the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act passed the House in September. It is an honor to be a co-sponsor of this bipartisan legislation, and Congressman G
LENN THOMP -
SON has been successful for his leadership on this important issue. Tax and regulation reduc-tion by President-elect Donald Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence partnered with Speaker P
AULRYANwill create jobs. In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and may the President by his actions never forget September 11th in the Global War on Ter-rorism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.032 E16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1500 November 16, 2016 
HONORING NATIONAL VOICES FOR EQUALITY, EDUCATION AND EN-LIGHTENMENT 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional work of National Voices for Equality, Education and Enlightenment (NVEEE) in combatting bullying and instilling the values of acceptance and love in the students of our South Florida com-munity. Since 2009, NVEEE has worked tirelessly to prevent bullying, violence and suicide as well as create a safe space for students and adults to seek counseling and support. Led by Jowharah Sanders, a fierce advocate for to-day’s youth, NVEEE has educated thousands of children through engaging workshops, mentorships and direct service. I applaud their efforts in addressing the root causes of bul-lying and the challenges children face as they mature. As a mother and a Member of the Congres-sional Anti-Bullying Caucus, it is with great honor that I recognize National Voices for Equality, Education and Enlightenment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MICHAEL B. STAEBLER, A LEADER IN MICHI-GAN’S LEGAL COMMUNITY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Michael B. Staebler, a leader in Michigan’s legal community, on the day of his retirement. Mr. Staebler has served the state of Michigan in a variety of roles throughout his distinguished career. Mr. Staebler graduated from the University of Michigan Law School in 1969 and has ex-tensive experience in the legal field. From 1975 to 1980, Mr. Staebler was the president and CEO of Michigan Capital and Service Inc., a Small Business Investment Corporation (SBIC) that provided financing for small busi-nesses in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He has served on several advisory boards and trade groups, including working on the Small Business Com-mittee of the American Bar Association. Mr. Staebler has also been a partner for Pepper Hamilton, LLP, where he led the firm’s prac-tice on the formation and development of SBICs. Mr. Staebler’s work with Pepper Hamilton has focused on small business financing. As a partner of the firm and leader of its SBIC prac-tice, he has helped create over 270 SBICs, which have provided startup funding for hun-dreds of small businesses across the country. Additionally, Mr. Staebler serves as co-chair of the firm’s Funds Services Group, a division of the firm that provides advisory services for in-vestment advisors and managers. He has served as counsel to numerous venture capital and public employee pension funds to help them better manage their investment activities. Mr. Staebler has been active in a variety of community groups and nonprofit organizations. He has been the director for the American Heart Association and Legal Aid as well as the Defender’s Association of Michigan. Mr. Staebler has also utilized his small business expertise to promote economic development in the state of Michigan. He has worked as the director of the Michigan Economic Develop-ment Corporation and Ann Arbor SPARK, pub-lic-private partnerships that encourage entre-preneurship and business formation in Michi-gan. In addition, Mr. Staebler has supported individual rights and freedoms through his in-volvement with the American Civil Liberties Union. He served as co-chair of the ACLU Michigan Annual Dinner in 2011 and 2012 and has been instrumental in helping provide re-sources and raising awareness on behalf of the organization. Mr. Staebler has been widely acclaimed for his work and has been named one of the Best Lawyers in America by his peers. He is recog-nized as one of the foremost experts in the area of small business financing and has lec-tured extensively on his experiences in his practice. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the career and achieve-ments of Michael B. Staebler. His achieve-ments in business and the community are a testament to his hard work and character, and his outstanding work on behalf of the state of Michigan have been critical to driving innova-tion and attracting jobs to the state. f 
SUPPORTING THE D. RAY JAMES CORRECTIONAL FACILITY 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, only in Washington could it make sense to heap praise and award a bonus to a contractor just two weeks before you try to cancel their con-tract. That’s exactly what the Department of Justice (DOD and Bureau of Prisons (BOP) are trying to do in my district to the D. Ray James Correctional Facility in Folkston, Geor-gia. Despite the fact that D. Ray James has been rated ‘‘superior’’ by BOP in each of the last three years, and operates $3,000 more ef-ficiently per inmate than its federal peers, bu-reaucrats at the DOJ and BOP are threatening to shut it down. This stems from an unsub-stantiated DOJ report that admits they didn’t study several critical factors during their re-view, and a politically motivated attempt to shut down prisons holding illegal aliens, with no plan on how to deal with them. In the balance are nearly 500 jobs in my district and thousands more across the county. To make matters worse, the BOP extended D. Ray James’ contract just a day before trying to go back on its word. Better yet, the author of the report—Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates—and officials from the Bureau of Pris-ons are refusing to take my call to explain their actions or answer my questions. The simple truth is the facts do not support their conclusion and they are afraid to admit it. The American people are sick and tired of a bureaucracy run amok and there is perhaps no better example than this, from the same Administration that accidentally gave more than 1800 illegal aliens bound for deportation full American citizenship last year. I call on the BOP and DOJ to honor their commitment to the outstanding employees at D. Ray James and at private correctional facilities across the county. It’s time for them to stop stonewalling the efforts of Congress to hold them account-able for their actions. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN A. YARMUTH 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I unfortunately was unable to be present for votes taken on the House floor on May 25, 2016, missing Roll Call Vote Number 250. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: Roll Call Number 250: NAY 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote on the Motion to Order the Previous Question on the Rule pro-viding for consideration of both H.R. 5711 and H.R. 5982, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Had the Motion to Order the Previous Question failed, Ms. S
LAUGHTER would have been able to offer her amendment to the Rule, which would have made in order Mr. S
ARBANES ’ bill H.R. 6324. H.R. 6324 is important legislation that would amend the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 to prevent registered lobbyists from serving on Presidential Transition Teams. Additionally, had I been present for the vote on H. Res. 921, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ H. Res. 921 is the Rule providing for consider-ation of both H.R. 5711, a bill to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institu-tion in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Is-lamic Republic of Iran, and H.R. 5982, the Midnight Rules Relief Act of 2016. I oppose these bills. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.037 E16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1501 November 16, 2016 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, No-vember 17, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M16NO8.000 E16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1046 Wednesday, November 16, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6387–S6423 Measures Introduced: Five bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 4–5, 3469–3471, and S. Res. 614–615.
                   Page S6414 
Measures Reported: S. 3470, to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan. (S. Rept. No. 114–374) S. 3471, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage retirement savings. (S. Rept. No. 114–375) S. 2417, to amend the Indian Health Care Im-provement Act to allow the Indian Health Service to cover the cost of a copayment of an Indian or Alaska Native veteran receiving medical care or services from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–376) S. 2739, to provide for equitable compensation to the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Res-ervation for the use of tribal land for the production of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam. (S. Rept. No. 114–377)
                                                              Page S6414 
Measures Passed: Northern Border Security Review Act: Senate passed S. 1808, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat anal-ysis, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto:
     Pages S6417–18 
McConnell (for Heitkamp) Amendment No. 5108, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S6418 
First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act: Sen-ate passed S. 1915, to direct the Secretary of Home-land Security to make anthrax vaccines available to emergency response providers, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S6418–21 
McConnell (for Ayotte) Amendment No. 5109, in the nature of a substitute.
                             Pages S6419–21 
No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unan-swered Act: Senate passed H.R. 5392, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve the Veterans Crisis Line.                                                                    Page S6421 
National Forest System Trails Stewardship Act: Senate passed H.R. 845, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to publish in the Federal Register a strategy to significantly increase the role of volun-teers and partners in National Forest System trail maintenance.
                                                                Page S6421 
Commercial Space Launch and Reentry Activi-ties: Senate passed H.R. 6007, to amend title 49, United States Code, to include consideration of cer-tain impacts on commercial space launch and reentry activities in a navigable airspace analysis.
     Page S6421 
National Day of Remembrance for Nuclear Weapons Program Workers: Committee on the Ju-diciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 560, designating October 30, 2016, as a na-tional day of remembrance for nuclear weapons pro-gram workers, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S6421 
National Estuaries Week: Committee on the Ju-diciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 608, designating the week of September 17 through September 24, 2016, as ‘‘National Estuaries Week’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S6421 
Measures Considered: American Energy and Conservation Act—Agree-ment: Senate continued consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 3110, to provide for reforms of the administration of the outer Conti-nental Shelf of the United States, to provide for the development of geothermal, solar, and wind energy on public land.
                                                    Pages S6388–97 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, November 17, 2016; and that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the mo-tion to proceed to consideration of the bill occur at 12 noon.
                                                                         Page S6421 
Nomination Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nomination: A routine list in the Army.
                            Page S6423 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Feb 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD16\NOV2016\D16NO6.REC D16NO6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1047 November 16, 2016 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6408 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6408 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S6408 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6408–14 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6414–15 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S6416 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6405–08 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6416–17 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6417 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2:30 p.m. and adjourned at 6:45 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, November 17, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6421.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NUCLEAR POWER Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development concluded a hearing to ex-amine the future of nuclear power, after receiving testimony from John Deutch, Secretary of Energy Advisory Board; Alan S. Icenhour, Associate Labora-tory Director for Nuclear Science and Engineering, Oak Ridge National Laboratory; and Matthew G. McKinzie, Natural Resources Defense Council, Washington, D.C. SELF-DRIVING VEHICLES Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine the automated and self-driving vehicle revolution, fo-cusing on the role of government, after receiving tes-timony from Mark Rosekind, Administrator, Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administration, De-partment of Transportation; Deborah A.P. Hersman, National Safety Council, Chicago, Illinois; Paul R. Brubaker, Alliance for Transportation Innovation, Washington, D.C.; and Nidhi Kalra, RAND Cor-poration, Santa Monica, California. EXPLORING AUGMENTED REALITY Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine explor-ing augmented reality, after receiving testimony from Brian Blau, Gartner, Stamford, Connecticut; John Hanke, Niantic, Inc., San Francisco, California; Brian Mullins, DAQRI, Los Angeles, California; Stanley Pierre-Louis, Entertainment Software Asso-ciation, Washington, D.C.; and Ryan Calo, Univer-sity of Washington School of Law, Seattle. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 12 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6324–6335; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 925–927 were introduced.
                 Pages H6269–70 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H6271 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 329, to amend the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to inte-grate the employment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–828, Part 1); and H.R. 5032, to allow certain property in the town of Louisa, Virginia, to be used for purposes related to compliance with water quality standards, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–829).
               Page H6269 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Duncan (TN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H6241 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:39 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H6245 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:54 p.m. and re-convened at 5:10 p.m.
                                            Page H6254 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, November 17.
                 Page H6255 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that the question of adopting a mo-tion to recommit on H.R. 5711 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
                                                                                            Page H6255 
Prohibiting the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. finan-cial institution in connection with the export or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO6.REC D16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1048 November 16, 2016 
re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran: The House began consideration of H.R. 5711, to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran. Consideration is ex-pected to resume tomorrow, November 17th. 
                                                                                            Page H6255 
Considered the Swalwell (CA) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment. Further proceedings were postponed.
                                                  Pages H6264–65 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–66 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment recommended by the Committee on Financial Services now printed in the bill.
                                                                           Page H6255 
Agreed to: Huizenga (MI) manager’s amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–818) that adds a short title and clarifies the nature of prohibited Iranian transactions; provides for a sunset of the bill’s provisions upon Presidential certification that Iran has ceased support for international terrorism. 
                                                                                    Pages H6263–64 
H. Res. 921, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5711) and (H.R. 5982) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 231 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 580, after the previous question was or-dered by a yea-and-nay vote of 231 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 579.
                                  Pages H6249–54, H6254–55 
Member Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Hahn, wherein she resigned as Represent-ative for the Forty Fourth Congressional District of California, effective on December 4, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page H6265 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H6248. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6254 and H6255. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:44 p.m. Committee Meetings 
PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE OF SNAP: OPPORTUNITIES FOR IMPROVING ACCESS TO FOOD Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: Opportunities for Improving Access to Food’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. UNDERSTANDING THE ROLE OF CONNECTED DEVICES IN RECENT CYBER ATTACKS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology; and Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding the Role of Connected Devices in Recent Cyber Attacks’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. MODERNIZING APPRAISALS: A REGULATORY REVIEW AND THE FUTURE OF THE INDUSTRY Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing Appraisals: A Regulatory Review and the Future of the Industry’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a markup on a supplemental funding resolution of original jurisdiction. The resolution was ordered reported, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5422, to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline, and for other purposes; and H.R. 1669, the ‘‘Judgment Fund Transparency Act of 2015’’. H.R. 5422 was ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 1669 was or-dered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee con-cluded a markup on H.R. 1219, the ‘‘Arbuckle Project Maintenance Complex and District Office Conveyance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3711, the ‘‘Chicano Park Preservation Act’’; H.R. 4366, the ‘‘San Luis Unit Drainage Resolution Act’’; and H.R. 5633, the ‘‘Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement Act’’. The fol-lowing bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 1219, H.R. 3711, H.R. 4366, and H.R. 5633. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO6.REC D16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1049 November 16, 2016 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 6302, the ‘‘Overtime Pay for Secret Service Agents Act of 2016’’; H.R. 6303, to designate facilities of the United States Postal Service, to establish new ZIP Codes, and for other purposes; H.R. 3387, the ‘‘Open and Transparent Smithsonian Act of 2015’’; H.R. 5384, the ‘‘Federal Register Printing Savings Act of 2016’’; H.R. 6186, the ‘‘Follow the Rules Act’’; H.R. 5948, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 830 Kuhn Drive in Chula Vista, California, as the ‘‘Jonathan ‘J.D.’ De Guzman Post Office Building’’; H.R. 6138, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 560 East Pleasant Valley Road, Port Hueneme, California, as the ‘‘U.S. Naval Construction Battalion ‘Seabees’ Fallen Heroes Post Office Building’’; H.R. 6282, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 2024 Jerome Avenue, in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Dr. Roscoe C. Brown, Jr. Post Office Building’’; and H.R. 6304, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 North Main Street in Florence, Arizona, as the ‘‘Adolpho ‘Harpo’ Celaya Post Office’’. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 6302, H.R. 6186, H.R. 6303, H.R. 5384, H.R. 5948, H.R. 6138, H.R. 6282, and H.R. 6304. H.R. 3387 was ordered reported, as amended. 2020 CENSUS: OUTCOMES OF THE 2016 SITE TEST Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘2020 Census: Outcomes of the 2016 Site Test’’. Testimony was heard from John H. Thompson, Director, U.S. Census Bureau; Kevin B. Smith, Chief Information Officer, U.S. Census Bu-reau; David Powner, Director of Information Tech-nology Management Issues, Government Account-ability Office; and Robert Goldenkoff, Director of Strategic Issues, Government Accountability Office. FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY AFTER THE OPM DATA BREACH: HAVE AGENCIES LEARNED THEIR LESSON Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Information Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Federal Cybersecurity After the OPM Data Breach: Have Agencies Learned their Lesson?’’. Testimony was heard from Renee P. Wynn, Chief Information Officer, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; Jonathan Alboum, Chief Informa-tion Officer, Department of Agriculture; and Robert Klopp, Deputy Commissioner and Chief Information Officer, Social Security Administration. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider H.R. 3218, designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, California, as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4887, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’, H.R. 5150, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Is-land, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’, H.R. 5309, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieuten-ant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’, H.R. 5356, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’, H.R. 5591, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the ‘‘Zapata Veterans Post Office’’, H.R. 5676, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building’’, H.R. 5798, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’, H.R. 5889, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building’’, and the nominations of Robert G. Taub, of New York, and Mark D. Acton, of Kentucky, both to be a Commissioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission, 11:55 a.m., S–216, Capitol. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Intelligence Community Sup-port to the U.S. Department of Defense’’, 9 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine the economic outlook, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO6.REC D16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1050 November 16, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, November 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 3110, American Energy and Conservation Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 12 noon. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, November 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 5711—To prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from au-thorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institu-tion in connection with the export or re-export of a com-mercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran. Consideration of H.R. 5982—Midnight Rules Relief Act of 2016. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1496, E1498 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1500 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1490 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1499 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1490, E1493, E1494, E1495, E1496, E1497, E1497, E1498, E1499, E1500 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1497, E1499 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1494, E1495, E1496, E1498, E1499 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E1490, E1491 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1495 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E1491 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E1496 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1500 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1491 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1493 Herrera Beutler, Jaime, Wash., E1489 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1494 Keating, William R., Mass., E1491 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E1489 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E1497 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E1490 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E1492 Miller, Candice S., Mich., E1490, E1497 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1493 Neugebauer, Randy, Tex., E1492 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1494 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1492 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E1493 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1497 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1489 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1493 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E1495 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1489 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E1500 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1499 Yarmuth, John A., Ky., E1500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Nov 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16NO6.REC D16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST