Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1497 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 2016 No. 45 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Thursday, March 24, 2016, at 11 a.m. 
House of Representatives 
TUESDAY , MARCH 22, 2016 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
OST). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, March 22, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
IKEBOST to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
CIVILITY IN GOVERNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘I look with increasing horror, along with a growing number of other Americans, at the great and bitter division that is taking place in our politics and the cynicism that is the end result of power for power’s sake. We are losing sight of civility in government and pol-itics. Debate and dialogue is taking a back seat to the politics of destruction and anger and control. Dogma has re-placed thoughtful discussion between people of differing views.’’ Mr. Speaker, these words were spo-ken by then-Governor Jim McGreevey in his farewell address to the State of New Jersey in 2004, and I fear that they are truer today than ever before. With Congress back in town for just 3 days before a 21⁄2-week break, all any-one wants to know is if, not even when, we might actually get some real work accomplished for the American people. We are 3 months into the Second Ses-sion of the 114th Congress, and what do we have to show for it? Sadly, our record of accomplishment is short. To top it off, all our constituents are hearing in the media is the hateful rhetoric and vengefulness spewing from the mouths of the candidates in the Presidential debates. And now, unfor-tunately, our third branch of govern-ment can’t escape the partisanship that is choking our Federal Govern-ment. This is not a new struggle for our great democracy. In fact, John Adams wrote to his wife about the same issue over 200 years ago. He wrote: ‘‘I fear that in every assembly, Members will obtain an influence by noise, not sense; by meanness, not greatness; by con-tracted hearts, not large souls.’’ Adams urged: ‘‘There must be de-cency and respect, and veneration in-troduced for persons of authority of every rank, or we are undone. In a pop-ular government, this is our only way . . .’’ I couldn’t agree more. Our constitu-ents, our allies, and this world deserves much more from us. But all hope is not lost. Governor McGreevey finished his farewell address with these wise words: ‘‘I urge you, my fellow citizens, to seek those who will build bridges between us, those who do not need to shout in order to be heard. We must have lead-ers who value their words as much as they do their actions and who, above all, believe in their heart what they say and do . . . Demand good and effec-tive government from wise leaders who speak softly, with great ideas, who in-spire people to work together for a common purpose. We, as a Nation, have done this in the past, and I know we can do it again.’’ As the leaders of this great country, I urge my fellow colleagues in the House, Governors, and candidates alike to hold ourselves to a higher standard, because, as Herbert Hoover once said: ‘‘When there is a lack of honor in gov-ernment, the morals of the whole peo-ple are poisoned.’’ 
f 
100TH ROTARY ANNIVERSARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the Rotary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.000 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1498 March 22, 2016 
Club of Key West, which celebrates its 100th anniversary this April. The Rotary Club was chartered in our Florida Keys community in 1916 under the principle of ‘‘service above self,’’ an excellent reminder to all of the impor-tance we have of helping our fellow Floridians. The Rotary Club of Key West is com-promised of active members of our south Florida community who find it not only important, but also absolutely necessary to give back to their local neighborhoods. They provide scholar-ships to local school children, includ-ing $25,000 to one graduating senior, and have even established a Rotary Dental Program to help children who otherwise would not be able to receive dental care. I would also like to recognize Rotary legends Jefferson B. Browne, Robert Carraway, Edward B. Knight, Gerald ‘‘Moe’’ Mosher, Greg O’Berry, John G. Parks, Jr., Paul J. Sher, Edward Toppino, Robert Walker, and Alton Weekley. Their dedication to remaining loyal to the Rotary Club’s vision has helped to shape it into the wonderful organi-zation it is today. We are fortunate to have experienced their leadership. Once again, congratulations to the Rotary Club of Key West on an advan-tageous 100 years. May the next 100 be even more prosperous. 
VASUNDARA GOVINDARAJAN , SPELLING BEE  
WINNER  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize and con-gratulate Vasundara Govindarajan of Archimedean Academy, who will be representing Miami-Dade County in the Scripps National Spelling Bee held in Washington, D.C., this May. The two-time winner comes from a family of excellent spellers. Her older brother, Vaidya, has even competed on the national stage. Vasundara won the Miami Herald’s 76th Annual Spelling Bee with the word ‘‘epulation,’’ meaning feasting or ban-queting—a word not typically found in your average sixth-graders’ vocabu-lary. But Vasundara is clearly not your typical sixth-grader, and was able to take home the trophy over approxi-mately 150 other students who were vying for this prestigious prize. Congratulations, Vasundara, on this accomplishment. We are all very proud of you and look forward to watching you represent Miami-Dade County on the national stage. And don’t forget to stop by my office when you come to Washington. 
SEA LEVEL RISE SOLUTIONS CONFERENCE  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the Sea Level Rise Solutions Conference, which will be held by the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce this April. The conference brings together mem-bers from across Florida to have a con-structive dialogue about ways to con-front sea level rise in our communities. Attendees will also have the oppor-tunity to be updated on the South Florida Regional Climate Compact and receive recommendations from the Miami-Dade Sea Level Rise Task Force on the best ways to incorporate new methods to deal with climate change in our daily lives. The individuals who attend this con-ference have a passionate desire to keep our south Florida communities safe and viable for generations to come. Sea level rising is an important issue not only in south Florida, but a topic that should be discussed in a bi-partisan manner at the national level as well. I commend the attendees of the Sea Level Rise Solutions Conference for their leadership and for taking proactive steps to address rising sea levels. f 
COAL ASH LANDFILL SAFETY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, power companies are closing down old, air-polluting, coal-fired power plants as we move toward cleaner, more sustainable ways to generate electricity. As these small producing plants close, they leave behind a toxic sub-stance known as coal ash. The coal ash is a public health hazard if it is not dis-posed of properly. Coal ash is toxic and can cause sickness and death. It is a dangerous substance that must be kept out of our drinking water. Coal ash contains known carcinogens such as ar-senic, mercury, and lead. That is why coal ash is being regulated by the EPA. As power companies shut down or up-grade their facilities while closing ex-isting coal ash ponds, where much of this toxic material has been tempo-rarily stored, the need to permanently dispose of this hazardous byproduct is growing. We now know that some waste dis-posal companies have been quietly ex-ploiting a loophole in the new EPA rules, which allow them to dump toxic coal ash into municipal solid waste landfills. So far, these waste disposal companies have dumped millions of tons of coal ash into unlined municipal solid waste landfills across America. These landfills, which are often located near neighborhoods and schools, are simply not built or constructed or equipped to safely handle this toxic material. EPA rules do not require sufficient commonsense protections for people who live nearby these landfills. Unfor-tunately, many of these landfills are disproportionately located in low-in-come and minority communities. Today I introduced the Coal Ash Landfill Safety Act to close the loop-holes in the EPA rules to ensure that landfills receiving coal ash are prop-erly equipped with the necessary safe-guards that will protect the public from the health risks caused by drink-ing water contaminated with the coal ash components. In addition to ensuring that landfills accepting coal ash are lined properly to protect groundwater, the Coal Ash Landfill Safety Act would also protect communities by working to minimize coal ash dust in the air, which is also toxic. It will require groundwater mon-itoring, mandate proper cleanup re-quirements, and require weekly, monthly, and annual inspections, thereby keeping the public informed by posting the monitoring data, corrective action plans, and inspection reports on a publicly accessible Web site. As we saw in Flint, Michigan, we need to act at the Federal level before our failure to do so results in irrevers-ible damage to the health and environ-ment of the communities we represent. I don’t want American families, regard-less of income level, to be unfairly and unreasonably exposed to toxic chemi-cals because dangerous materials, such as coal ash, are being deposited into in-adequately protected facilities in their neighborhoods. Together, we can find sensible solu-tions to all of these problems that we face, but we must deal with the regula-tions, the shortcomings. We must pro-tect the American people. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO DOLPH SCHAYES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the great life of Dolph Schayes. Dolph was born in New York, New York, in 1928, and lived most of his life in Syracuse, New York. At the young age of 19 years old, he entered the Na-tional Basketball Association, where he went on to have a truly remarkable career. In his over 15 years of playing in the NBA, Dolph earned many records and many awards. He was, without a doubt, one of the best players who ever played the game at the National Basketball Association level, and he helped mold the NBA in its early years. While Dolph may be best known for his talents on the court, some of his most impressive moments happened off the court. He was a very giving mem-ber of the Syracuse community, work-ing with youth on a constant basis, starting one of the earliest basketball camps in America. Dolph’s legacy lies not only in the records he holds, but also in the many lives he touched. On March 26, just a few days from now, Dolph’s jersey will be retired and his son, Danny—another great NBA player in his own time—will be accept-ing it on his behalf. I am truly honored to pay tribute to this incredible athlete and man who contributed greatly to the sport and to the community he loved so much. God bless you, Dolph, for a great life and a great NBA career. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.002 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1499 March 22, 2016 
U.S.-INDIA DEFENSE STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, the United States is fortunate to have al-lies and partners across the world that we work with every day to combat ter-rorism and our other security chal-lenges. One of these relationships that I work closely on is the strategic part-nership between the United States and India. Together, the U.S. and India face a set of common security challenges, and there can be no question that clos-er defense and security cooperation be-tween our two democracies will greatly benefit all of our people. Over the last few years, Mr. Speaker, we have seen substantial growth in this partnership, most recently formalized last year with the 10-year renewal of the defense framework. This partner-ship is also highlighted by forums such as the U.S.-India Defense Technology and Trade Initiative. I firmly believe that Congress should be supporting and offering more opportunities for the U.S.-India defense partnership to suc-ceed. b1015 That is why today I will be intro-ducing the U.S.-India Defense Tech-nology and Partnership Act. This legis-lation will cement the progress that has already been made and will lay the foundation for future cooperation and growth. Additionally, this legislation will elevate India’s status by shortening the time required for the notification of sale or export of defense articles from the United States to India. It will also bring our defense estab-lishment closer together by encour-aging more joint contingency planning and will require the U.S. Government to review and assess India’s ability to execute military operations of mutual interest. Just as important as efforts like the legislation I am introducing today, I believe, is Congress’ closer examina-tion and oversight of other actions that impact the U.S.-India partnership. One that certainly comes to mind, Mr. Speaker, is the delicate and, at times, seemingly confused policy with Pakistan. Pakistan has proven time and time again that it is an unreliable partner. While Pakistan has taken some, but very limited, action to disrupt terror elements that operate within their bor-ders, their demonstrated unwillingness to fulfill and execute counterterrorism efforts should leave no question as to their true intentions. So why, Mr. Speaker, last month, did the administration notice a sale of eight F–16s to Pakistan? What, I ask, is the benefit of the sale to our national security and the security of the region and our partners? This is one question, Mr. Speaker. But the request to use taxpayer dollars to finance the sale of these F–16s to Pakistan is entirely another question. What has Pakistan actually done to de-serve these fighter jets, let alone fi-nancing from the United States tax-payers? Certainly not enough, in my view, as I firmly oppose the sale from start to finish. Every year since 2011, the adminis-tration has been required to utilize a waiver to continue providing security assistance to Pakistan. Why, you might ask, does the administration need to continually use a waiver? Well, it is because Pakistan has failed to be an honest and real partner in the ef-forts to combat terrorism that is ex-ported from its borders. On this front, Mr. Speaker, I have joined with Congressman B
ERAto seek a restriction on the availability of se-curity assistance to Pakistan next fis-cal year. We are not seeking to com-pletely prohibit the use of the Presi-dential waiver—although, I might add, this is a debate worth having here in the House. We are simply asking that 30 percent of the funds should not be subject to a waiver. This is a common-sense step that will, hopefully, after years of trying, get the Pakistani Gov-ernment to cooperate and meet the re-quirements set in law. Mr. Speaker, India should know that they have a strong and committed partner in the U.S. Congress, and I be-lieve that steps such as passing the ap-propriations fence I just outlined and passing the U.S.-India Defense Tech-nology and Partnership Act would send a strong message and certainly en-hance our strategic partnership with India. Mr. Speaker, we have a tremendous opportunity in front of us right now to further build an enduring defense and security partnership with India that will endure for years to come and, in-deed, benefit both of our great democ-racies. 
f 
LACK OF LIBERTY AND FREEDOM IN CUBA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, in 2014, President Obama said he wanted to go to Cuba if, and I quote, ‘‘I, with confidence, can say that we are seeing some progress in liberty and freedom. If we are going backwards,’’ President Obama said, ‘‘then there is not much reason for me to be there. I am not in-terested in just validating the status quo.’’ Well, look at this poster, Mr. Speak-er. These are human rights dissidents who were rounded up and beaten. If Obama’s Cuba policy is not going back-wards, I don’t know what is, because the oppressive Cuban apparatus of re-pression only seems to be emboldened. Mr. Speaker, yesterday in Havana, Raul Castro was asked by a reporter if he would release political prisoners in Cuba. Castro looked uncomfortable. Why? Because in Cuba, there is no free press. Reporters are not allowed to ask real questions to regime leaders. Castro said, well, there are no polit-ical prisoners in Cuba at all, and if there were, he would free them by nightfall. That’s a good one. Well, there are 11 million people imprisoned by Castro’s communist regime—the entire island. But here is a list, Mr. Speaker, of over 50 political prisoners, and this is a list comprised by the Cuban Demo-cratic Directorate. Some of these indi-viduals have been in jail for over 20 years. Others are constantly detained, released, and rearrested. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to enter this list into the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. 
PRELIMINARY LIST OF POLITICAL PRISONERS , C
UBAN DEMOCRATIC DIRECTORATE , M ARCH  21
ST, 2016 1. Yasiel Espino Aceval/Condemned 4 years/ Ariza Prison 2. Alexander Palacio Reyes/Cera´mica Roja Prison 3. Alexis Serrano Avila/Condemned 3 years prison 4. Andre´s Fidel Alfonso Rodrı´guez/Melena Sur prison 5. Ernesto Borges Pe´rez/Combinado del Este prison 6. Carlos Amaury Calderin Roca/Valle Grande prison 7. Maria del Carmen Cala Aguilera/ Pendiente/Provincial Women’s Prison Holguı´n Province 8. Enrique Bartolome´Cambria Diaz/Kilo 8 prison 9. Misael Canet Vela´zquez/Kilo 8 prison 10. Santiago Cisneros Castellanos/ Pendiente/Aguadores prison 11. Leonardo Cobas Pe´rez/Moscu´prison 12. Felipe Martin Companione/Cera ´mica Roja prison/Condemned to 8 years in prison 13. Orlando Contreras Aguiar/Aguacate prison 14. Yeri Curbelo Aguilera/Condemned 3 years prison/Guantanamo Prison 15. Pedro de la Caridad Alvarez Pedroso 16. Jordys Manuel Dosil/Condemned 3 years prison 17. Carlos Manuel Figueroa A ´lvarez/ Combinado del Este Prison/Condemned to 6 years prison 18. David Ferna´ndez Cardoso/Bungo Ocho Prison 19. Jose´Daniel Gonzalez Fumero/Nieves Morejo´n Prison 20. Ricardo Gonza´lez Sendin˜a/condemned 6 years/Combinado del Este 21. Ariel Gonza´lez Sendin˜a/condemned 6 years/Combinado del Este 22. Eglis Heredia Rodrı´guez/Boniato Prison 23. Mario Alberto Herna´ndez Leiva/Melena del Sur prison/Condemned to 3 years prison 24. Geovanys Izaguirre Herna ´ndez/ Aguadores Prison 25. Rolando Erismelio Jaco Garcı ´a/ Cera´mica Roja Prison 26. Javier Jouz Varona/Social Dangerous-ness prison/Condemned to 3 years prison 27. Isain Lo´pez Luna/Valle Grande Prison 28. Noel Lo´pez Gonzalez/Condemned 12 years prison 
29. Michael Mediaceja Ramos/Condemned 6 months/Guanajay prison 30. Osmanı´Mendosa Ferrior/Las Mangas prison 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.003 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1500 March 22, 2016 
31. Mario Morera Jardines/Condemned to 3 years prison/Guamajal prison 32. Ernesto Ortega Sarduy/Valle Grande prison 33. Alexander Palacio Reyes/Cera´mica Roja prison 34. Ricardo Pelier Fro´meta/Condemned to 3 years jail/Combinado de Guantanamo prison 35. Fernando Isael Pen˜a Tamayo/Con-demned to 5 years/El Tı´pico prison 36. Silverio Portal Contreras/Campamento Ochima´n prison 37. Humberto Eladio Real Suarez 38. Rene´Rouco Machin/Melena del Sur prison 39. Laudelino Rodriguez Mendoza/Granjita prison, Santiago de Cuba 40. Leoncio Rodriguez Poncio/Condemned to 42 years and has served 28 years in prison/ Guantanamo Prison 41. Alfredo Luis Limonte Rodriguez/Con-demned 4 years/Ariza Prison 42. Elieski Roque Chongo/Condemned 5 years/Ariza Prison 43. Alexander Alan Rodrı´guez/Sentence Pending/Valle Grande Prison 44. Reinier Rodrı´guez Mendoza/Condemned to 2 years of prison/San Jose´Prison 45. Mario Ronaide Figueroa Reyes/Con-demned to 3 years prison/Prision 1580 46. Yoelkis Roza´bal Flores/Condemned to 4 years/Combinado de Guanta´namo prison 47. Daniel Santovenia Fernandez 48. Emilio Serrano Rodrı´guez/Valle Grande Prison 49. Armando Sosa Fortuny/Camaguey Pris-on 50. Liusban John Ultra/Condenado a 7 an ˜os/ Jailed in the Province of Las Tunas/La Granjita Prison 51. Armado Verdecı´a Dı´az/Condemned to 5 years of prison/Malverde Prison Sources: Directorio Democra´tico Cubano; Andry Frometa Cuenca, former political prisoner; Yordan Marrero, Partido Democra´ta Cristiano de Camagu¨ey; Librado Linares Garcia, General Secretary of the Movimiento Cubano Reflexio ´n; Unio´n Patrio´tica de Cuba (UNPACU). 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. During his time in Cuba, President Obama failed to announce any substantive changes on policies, such as the fugitive policy. Is there any news on returning New Jersey cop killer Joanne Chesimard or any of the other fugitives of U.S. jus-tice, such as Charles Hill, William Guillermo Morales, or Victor Manuel Gerena? No news. On confiscated property, there was no positive announcement about the Castro regime paying back Americans who had their properties confiscated. There was no announcement by Cas-tro about improving human rights on the island. Castro denied that human rights violations occur in Cuba. Again, look at this poster. As predicted, Castro also demanded the return of the naval station at Guantanamo Bay. This Congress has been very clear that it strongly op-poses relinquishing GTMO or transfer-ring detainees to the United States. Now, President Obama incorrectly keeps calling the Communist strongman Castro ‘‘President Cas-tro’’—wrong. He is not President of Cuba. There have never been elections. There are no political parties, except the Communist Party, in Cuba. There are no free and fair elections. He is not President. Stop calling a dictator President. The President, our President Obama, proclaimed that this trip to Cuba would be fun. That is his word. It has not been fun for all of the Cubans who have been beaten leading up to the President’s visit. It hasn’t been fun for all the Cubans who have been pre-vented from leaving their homes until the President departs Cuba because they are human rights activists. Now let me show you this other post-er, Mr. Speaker. This is a poster of President Reagan with Gorbachev in 1987. And what happened there? Presi-dent Reagan said: ‘‘Mr. Gorbachev, open this gate. Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall.’’ In Havana, 2016, President Obama says: Thank you, President Castro, for your spirit of openness. Spirit of openness? And again, Presi-dent what? He is not a President. What openness, when press is prohibited in Cuba? What openness, when the Cuban people are jailed for dissenting views? What openness, when the economy is controlled by one entity, the com-munist regime? America, under the Obama adminis-tration, has forsaken those who suffer under Castro’s oppression. That is a sad fact. And this will be President Obama’s legacy, Mr. Speaker, the President who abdicated America’s role as a defender of international human rights, all for a narcissistic play at building a legacy as the President who restored America’s relations with dic-tators and tyrants who will do any-thing to undermine our country and harm our interests and our citizens. And that is all there is about Cuba. f 
SMALL PUBLIC HOUSING AGENCY OPPORTUNITY ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce bipartisan legisla-tion that addresses the administrative burdens facing small and rural housing authorities across this country. The Small Public Housing Agency Opportunity Act of 2016, H.R. 4816, being introduced by myself, the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ), and the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. A
SHFORD ), is the House companion to Senators T
ESTER and F ISCHER ’s S. 2292. If enacted, this bill would simplify in-spection and compliance requirements and eliminate excessive paperwork for public housing authorities that support fewer than 550 households. Small PHAs represent 80 percent of all agencies but administer only 20 per-cent of the units and receive only 10 percent of the public housing and Hous-ing Choice Voucher funds. Under cur-rent law, these small public housing agencies are required to follow the same reporting and inspection rules as large, urban housing authorities, even though they have far fewer resources. Speaking from experience with my work as a CFO and deputy executive di-rector of a small housing authority prior to serving in Congress, there is a big difference between housing needs in small town Mississippi, Georgia, or Ne-braska, and those in cities like New York City. This legislation removes that one-size-fits-all approach and gives small housing authorities the flexibility to operate more effectively and efficiently. Simply put, small housing authori-ties are being crushed by the regu-latory burdens of the Federal Govern-ment. It doesn’t take a CPA to see the cost significantly outweighs the bene-fits of HUD mandates and regulations. Specifically, this bill limits HUD’s inspections of housing and voucher units to once every 3 years, unless the small PHA is classified as ‘‘troubled’’ by HUD. It eliminates certain paper-work, including the submission of plans or reports not required of owners and operators of Section 8 private prop-erties, and it also eliminates unneces-sary yearly environmental reviews for agencies that are not undergoing new construction. As we all know, recent Federal budg-ets have reduced support for public housing, and cuts have disproportion-ately impacted small and rural housing agencies. Deep prorations in the oper-ating funds have forced housing au-thorities to reduce staff and cut serv-ices and maintenance. Any revenue source is crucial; that is why this bill also takes a balanced, commonsense look at the inspections, requirements, paperwork, and regula-tions that our directors are doing year round. Five decades ago, President Johnson announced a war on poverty, and it was believed during that time that one of the first bills to be introduced in the 89th Congress would be an updated version of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1964. President Johnson, in his State of the Union that year, proclaimed a desire for ‘‘a decent home for every American family.’’ This goal is today, as it was in 1964, a very real one that must be addressed. That is why I applaud Speaker RYAN for creating the Task Force on Pov-erty, Opportunity, and Upward Mobil-ity, to strengthen America’s safety net to help those in need. I also commend Representative L
UETKEMEYER and the committee for the successful drafting and passage of the Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act of 2016. We have a model out there for public housing, and we can debate the pluses and minuses in terms of government ef-ficiency; but at the end of the day, we cannot forget what the main focus here is: affordable housing for America’s lowest income families. This bill’s exemptions and reforms will not have an adverse impact on the quality of living for these families. On the contrary, by removing just a frac-tion of the burden placed on the backs of our housing directors, we benefit the lives of the residents. With some direc-tors and employees allotting over 30 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.002 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1501 March 22, 2016 
hours a week to just one report or pro-gram or assessment, we take that time away from the residents. This bill does not aim to reform the entire model or oppress one party in-volved but, rather, aims to ensure that the time and thousands of dollars spent on assessments here and there are ab-solutely necessary and that it ulti-mately benefits the residents in these units. So this bill really does what Congress oftentimes fails to do, which is to provide some much-needed regu-latory relief. It simplifies, rather than complicates, the process. I ask my colleagues to join me in this bipartisan effort to ensure that low-in-come families have a decent home, re-gardless of their location. This begins by giving agencies the resources and the flexibility they need to better serve their communities. 
f 
WATER CRISES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to once again rise to address the water crises that are facing not just California, but our Nation and throughout the world. Today, global communities and busi-ness organizations have joined to-gether, and the White House is holding a water summit to raise awareness of the 650 million people around the world who don’t have access to safe drinking water, urging leaders to focus on ways in which we can increase access to safe, sanitary water. This is appropriate, but it is long overdue. On the Web site, waterday.us, it states: ‘‘Water stress is the impact a lack of water has on a particular sector or population. Water stress affects nu-trition, public health, environmental services, housing and urban growth, and national security.’’ b1030 And national security is directly re-lated to our ability to grow food to en-sure that American consumers are independent and have sufficient nutri-tion for their daily consumption. Water, therefore, is a resource issue of the future not only for our Nation, but throughout the world. These im-pacts of not having a reliable and safe water supply are all too familiar for those of us who live in the San Joaquin Valley in California and my colleagues who represent that area. So while I believe it is fitting and ap-propriate that we recognize that there is a nationwide and worldwide issue re-garding our water resources and how we manage them—with the planet hav-ing 7 billion people last year and by the middle of this century another 2 bil-lion, or 9 billion people—we need to look at both short-term and long-term comprehensive solutions to our water needs not just throughout the world, but here in the United States, specifi-cally, in California. So I find it extremely disappointing that California’s San Joaquin Valley is not at the forefront of this discussion after 4 years of devastating drought. While I empathize with those in Flint, Michigan, and other areas of the country, like those of us in the San Joaquin Valley, we have been facing water shortages for 4 years; it is get-ting much worse; and there is less na-tional attention being focused on our plight. In the valley, instead of lead poi-soning due to the failure of all levels of government, as we have seen in Flint, Michigan, we are dealing with waters that have high nitrate levels in drink-ing water. In addition to that, in many places, we don’t have access to water at all. The solutions are clear. We need to increase Federal funding for infrastruc-ture to build resiliency during drought periods and reduce the impacts of water quality using all the water tools in our water toolbox. We need to increase coordination be-tween local, State, and Federal agen-cies to reduce the impacts of commu-nities impaired by water quality or a lack of access to water. Finally, we need to increase our focus on ensuring that regulations, where they are in place, achieve their intended purpose while minimizing negative impacts that they have with contradictory results. For instance, due to the decisions made by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the Bu-reau of Reclamation is required to op-erate pumps in California’s water sys-tem under what I believe are scientif-ically flawed provisions, biological opinions, which have lost, as a result, hundreds of thousands of acre-feet of water. This year, if the Federal agencies had operated within the flexibility provided even in those flawed biological opin-ions, San Joaquin Valley communities could have been provided an additional 2- to 300,000 acre-feet of additional water. In addition to that, that would have benefited over 400,000 households. As a result of the drought and the in-ability to capture water that is flowing in the system, over 600,000 acres of prime productive agricultural land have gone unplanted, and we have seen families impacted. Families that lit-erally do not have access to water have had to bottle in water. There is a very certain human toll— the impact—that is taking place to provide highly uncertain benefits for species. This is unacceptable, it is avoidable, and it is immoral. I urge the Federal agencies to take action to do experimental increases in pumping with increased detection and monitoring so we can find out if, in fact, delta smelt and salmon traveling through the delta are even being harmed by the exact pumping levels under discussion. So while I appreciate the comprehen-sive plan the administration is trying to implement to solve our Nation’s water crisis, we need short-term solu-tions now so that farmers, farm work-ers, and farming communities in the San Joaquin Valley do not go without a water supply under the Federal project for a third year in a row. Additionally, we must do everything possible to get Federal legislation passed and signed into law that would not only deal with our short-term needs, but to deal with our long-term needs as well. We passed the House bill last year. We need to get Senator FEINSTEIN ’s bill passed so we can go to conference because, if the Federal agencies don’t act—and they have not been doing the job that I would like to see them do— then Congress must act. 
f 
HONORING BERT STEPHEN CRANE, A BELOVED LEADER IN THE MERCED COMMUNITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor the life of a beloved leader in the Merced community, Bert Stephen Crane. Bert passed away at the age of 84 on Sunday, March 13, 2016, surrounded by his lov-ing family. On November 29, 1931, Bert was born to fourth-generation California farmers and ranchers. Raised on a cattle ranch, he was up before the Sun and out until it came down. During his youth, Bert achieved the rank of Eagle Scout as a member of Boy Scout troop 101. At Merced High School, Bert was the drum major in band and played basket-ball. After high school, Bert studied at Stanford University and obtained his bachelor of science degree in agricul-tural economics from UC-Davis. During his college years, Bert met Nancy Magnuson, whom he fell in love with and later married in 1957. They re-mained married for over 58 years and raised three children who would follow the family tradition of ranching and farming. Bert spent most of his life farming walnuts, which he ventured into in the early 1970s after his early career in the beef industry. Bert went on to own and operate a successful walnut-processing plant. Bert lived an impressive and inspira-tional life. He was known to have rid-den horses with Ronald Reagan, was extremely involved in the community, and had a passion for health care. He led fundraising events for Mercy Hospital and was instrumental in the development of the Mercy Cancer Cen-ter. Bert served on the Merced County Planning Commission for 28 years. His service to his community, agriculture, and research is one of great respect and integrity. Bert valued and treasured the time he was able to spend with his family above all else. He is survived by his loving wife, Nancy, and his three chil-dren and seven grandchildren. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.006 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1502 March 22, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in hon-oring the life of Bert Stephen Crane for his unwavering leadership and recog-nizing his accomplishments and out-standing contributions to the commu-nity. God bless him always. 
HONORING JAMES ‘‘JIM’’ WEST , A BELOVED  
LEADER IN THE MODESTO COMMUNITY  
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor the life of a beloved leader in the Modesto community, James ‘‘Jim’’ West, who died at the age of 81 on Sunday, March 13, 2016, surrounded by his loving fam-ily. Jim was born on January 22, 1935, to Donald and Ruby West. He grew up in the heart of the Central Valley, Mo-desto, California, and graduated from Modesto High School in 1953. Jim furthered his education at Menlo College before attending Kansas State University, where he obtained his bach-elor’s degree in feed technology. In 1958, Jim joined the thriving and successful company his grandfather had started in 1909, the J.S. West Mill-ing Company. The family-owned busi-ness is known for their production of eggs, feed, and propane. Through years of hard work and dedi-cation, Jim became shareholder, sec-retary, and vice president of the J.S. West Milling Company board. Jim’s reputation as an honest businessman helped build the J.S. West Milling Company’s successful and trustworthy name. Jim was also dedicated to improving the community he lived in. He was ac-tive in several industry and civic groups, most notably as president of the Pacific Egg and Poultry Associa-tion in 1993 and chairman of the Amer-ican Egg Board in 1997. He was an active member of the Western Poultry Scholarship and Re-search Foundation, Memorial Hospital Foundation, Delta Blood Bank, and Modesto Junior College Foundation. He was also a proud member of the Mo-desto Rotary since 1969 and later served as president. Jim had a genuine love for the people and the community he worked tire-lessly to help. He was known for his kindness, generosity, and strong family values. Succeeding Jim are his wife of 44 years, Jessie West, their two sons, and three daughters. Mr. Speaker, please join me in hon-oring and recognizing the life of Jim West for his unwavering leadership, many accomplishments, and contribu-tions to the community. God bless him always. 
f 
NASCC 75TH ANNIVERSARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Naval Air Station at Corpus Christi as it cele-brates its 75th anniversary this month. NASCC or, as it was once known, the University of Air, has been training pi-lots, navigators, aerologists, gunners, and radio operators since 1941. NASCC was founded in 1938 under the 75th Congress to train new pilots and technical crew to bolster our Nation’s air forces. The air base serves the southeastern portion of the United States, from Texas to Florida, and trains naval aviators nationwide along with other pilots from our foreign al-lies. Today NASCC is not just a naval base. It includes tenant commands for the U.S. Army, Coast Guard, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection. The Corpus Christi Army depot re-builds and updates rotary winged air-craft—helicopters—and is saving our country millions of dollars. The depot facility and other tenants make the base extremely cost effective for both the Army, Navy, and taxpayers. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity and Customs and Border Patrol op-erate a variety of aircraft from the base, including predator drones surveilling our border, which is great because we have a new generation of pilots interacting with UAVs getting their training at NASCC. NASCC’s current commander officer is Captain Randolph F. Pierson, who joins a long line of leaders to serve in Corpus Christi. During World War II, it was said there wasn’t a naval aviator who hadn’t earned their wings at the air station. These World War II naval avi-ators were critical members of the U.S. military, giving the U.S. an edge in battles across the Pacific and over Eu-rope with our superior air power. It was American air power, combined with U.S. naval power, that played a critical role in turning back the tide of Japanese at the Battle of Midway. It was American air power that dealt a decisive blow against the Japanese in the Battle of the Philippine Sea, win-ning one of the last largest air battles in history. After World War II, it was American air power that flew food supplies to the starving people of Berlin during the Berlin Airlift. This was all accomplished with grad-uates of the Corpus Christi University of Air, NASCC. Today the training program is ap-proximately 18 months and, due to the increased complexity of modern air-craft, it just takes longer. Six hundred people per year are trained at the facil-ity and go on to serve their country in the U.S. Navy and Marines as pilots, engineers, and technical crew. These folks learn skills through the program that propel them through a successful life in the military and a successful life in the private sector after their service ends. Some of the notable flyers who have earned their wings at NASCC include former President George H.W. Bush, who was in the third graduating class. He was commissioned just 3 days before his 19th birthday. Naval Air Station Corpus Christi graduates also include several Mem-bers of Congress, including fellow Texas Representative PETE OLSON , Representative J
OEWILSON of South Carolina, and Senator J
OHNMCCAINof Arizona. Some NASCC grads are not content to remain in the blue skies of the Earth. Many astronauts who led the charge into space after getting their wings at NASCC include Neil Arm-strong and John Glenn. Other notable graduates include game show host Bob Barker, actor Ty-rone Power, Vice Admiral James Stockdale, and Medal of Honor winner Edward ‘‘Butch’’ O’Hare. The Navy’s distinguished flying team, the Blue Angels, were headquartered in Corpus Christi until 1955. Today, CNATRA, the Chief of Naval Air Training, now Admiral Bull, based in NASCC, commands the Blue Angels. The people of the United States owe much to the graduates of NASCC. These heroes have fought for our coun-try since the construction of the base in 1941. I believe it is important to not only honor the men and women in uniform who serve at bases like NASCC and those around the country, but also to honor their families and the civilian workers who make it all possible. Due to its importance to our country during World War II and over the years until today, it is my privilege to let you know about NASCC. After 75 years of operation, the Naval Air Station is still training pilots, still serving the country, and still being a symbol of pride to Texas and the entire Nation. 
f 
PUTIN’S INFLUENCE IN EUROPE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ) for 5 minutes. Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, in the tumult of a Presidential election, a lot of important and newsworthy events don’t get enough attention. One such event last week was the Czech Republic’s release of Ali Fayyad, a dangerous Hezbollah terrorist who was indicted in 2014 by the United States for conspiracy to kill officers and employees of the United States. The United States had requested Mr. Fayyad’s extradition to the United States, and the Czech courts had ap-proved that extradition request. But the Czech Minister of Justice, who is aligned with Vladimir Putin, refused to honor that decision and released this terrorist. Fayyad has deep ties with the Rus-sian black market for weapons and was an adviser to the former President of Ukraine and a close ally of Vladimir Putin. It appeared at one point that Mr. Fayyad was exchanged for several Czech nationals being held hostage in Lebanon, but journalists have since shown that the hostage situation was a sham staged by his family and defense team. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.008 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1503 March 22, 2016 
This episode is significant for several reasons. First, Mr. Fayyad’s presence and influence in Central Europe are yet more evidence—as if we needed more— that Iran, through its proxies like Hezbollah, has tentacles throughout world. More importantly, the event dem-onstrates Vladimir Putin’s increasing influence with an important member of NATO. And it is not just the Czech Re-public. This is a trend, and it is more con-cerning. Mr. Putin appears to be quiet-ly undermining NATO by leveraging his cronies in influential positions in a number of European nations. Several months ago I asked the Con-gressional Research Service to look into the connections between Putin and high-ranking officials in Europe, particularly NATO members. The find-ings are alarming. The report tracks pro-Russian rhet-oric and actions of leaders in the Czech Republic and Slovakia and Hungary as well as the increasingly evident ideo-logical link between Europe’s far-right parties and the leadership of Russia. b1045 Mr. Speaker, though I won’t read the entire report at this time, I will in-clude it in the R
ECORD . I say all this, recognizing that Russia is a much more proximate threat to our European allies than they are to us. It would be foolish not to acknowl-edge that European leaders are in a dif-ferent position than we are. The demo-cratic institutions that we take for granted are still fragile in many of these countries, and Putin knows that. However, what makes it all the more important is the fact that we, as the world’s superpower, do more than offer simple condemnations of Putin’s ac-tions. Both the House and the Senate held hearings last year exploring Russian propaganda efforts. This was a good start, but now we need to dig deeper to understand all of the levels of Russian pressure, including agents of Russian influence who occupy high political of-fices and own national and regional media outlets. More than anything, we need the President to get off of the sidelines and show that he is serious about coun-tering Putin. That could start with a serious effort to determine who cooper-ated with Russia in releasing Mr. Fayyad, and then issue targeted sanc-tions on those officials. Mr. Fayyad is likely to continue plotting to harm the U.S., and his re-lease isn’t a simple oversight that we should ignore. 
MEMORANDUM  D
ECEMBER 8, 2015. To: Representative Chris Stewart. Subject: Pro-Russia Viewpoints Among Se-lected Leaders in Central and Eastern Europe. This memorandum responds to your re-quest for information about Russian influ-ence in Central and Eastern Europe, with a focus on selected political leaders. It pro-vides additional information about Russian influence through ties with European far- right parties. Please contact me if you have questions or would like additional informa-tion. Introduction One of the main ways analysts have to gauge Russian influence in Central and East-ern Europe is by looking at the reactions of regional political leaders to the conflict in Ukraine and European Union (EU) debates about Ukraine-related sanctions against Russia. While some patterns may be dis-cerned, it is difficult to assess the degree to which various data points are directly at-tributable to Russian influence, as opposed to a variety of other factors and interests. Economic relationships and energy ties can be expressed in monetary amounts, but less straightforward is how to translate such fig-ures into identifiable political and policy in-fluence. Other aspects of Russian influence can be even more difficult to quantify. Rus-sian involvement in political and corporate dealings is not always a transparent process that is reflected in available open source in-formation, frequently making for some de-gree of speculation when seeking to reach conclusions about the motivations driving various statements and actions. Overall, attitudes toward Russia in Central and Eastern Europe are colored by historical experiences, geographic proximity, economic ties, and energy dependence. Many officials and analysts in Central and Eastern Europe relate that they have not been especially surprised by Russia’s actions in Ukraine and assert that their past efforts to convey con-cerns about President Putin’s revanchist am-bitions went largely unheeded in the United States and Western Europe. In light of Euro-pean history, especially the Soviet Union’s domination of the region during the Com-munist era, Russian influence in Central and Eastern Europe is not a new phenomenon brought on in relation to the Ukraine crisis. In 2009, for example, analysts alleged that Czech President Va´clav Klaus, influenced by Moscow, worked to destabilize the Czech government and undermine passage of the EU’s Lisbon Treaty. As the Visegra´d Four (V4) group, Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Hungary have attempted to engage in regional co-operation with one another on a range of issues, and to form common positions on for-eign policy and EU matters. The countries have struggled to find any group coherence with regard to Russia and the conflict in Ukraine, however. Poland’s consistent and forceful advocacy of a robust response to Russia’s actions made it something of an outlier in Central and Eastern Europe. Whether owing to a desire to preserve energy and economic ties with Russia, concerns about provoking Russia further, or the per-ception that Russia’s actions in Ukraine are distant and do not pose a direct threat to their countries, the governments of the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Hungary have tended to be more ambiguous and reserved on the topic. Some observers note that at times the leaders of these countries appear to have prioritized short-term national eco-nomic interests over wider strategic con-cerns. Nevertheless, while many in the V4 coun-tries and elsewhere in Europe may remain skeptical about the wisdom and utility of sanctions as an attempt to deter Russia’s ac-tions in Ukraine, the measures have been adopted by the unanimous agreement of all 28 EU member states. Observers assert that this consensus was based on a common as-sessment by the member state governments that sending a strong message to Russia’s leadership through meaningful sanctions was a political imperative outweighing economic disruption and discomfort. Observers further note that action must at times be viewed separately from rhetoric and political ‘‘doublespeak’’ that may be aimed at a do-mestic audience. The Czech Republic Opinions on Russia and the Ukraine crisis among Czech political elites are fractured. At one end of the spectrum is the pro-Krem-lin position of Czech President Milos ˇZeman, which appears to accept Russia’s claims about the conflict and opposes all sanctions. In June 2014, Zeman stated, ‘‘I cannot see any reason why to isolate the Russian Fed-eration from the European Union, why to speak about sanctions, blockade, and embar-go. There is a chance of increasing the level of our cooperation. . .’’ At the other end of the spectrum is the position of the center- right opposition TOP 09 party, led by former Foreign Minister Karel Schwarzenberg, which has advocated tougher sanctions and providing military aid to Ukraine. In between them is the view characterized by Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka of the center-left Social Democratic Party, who ac-cepted sanctions but sought exemptions based on economic interests and called for early removal of the measures. Following the adoption of wider EU sanctions in July 2014, Sobotka stated, ‘‘Neither for the Euro-pean Union, nor for Russia, is it favorable to get into a drawn-out trade war and that some new economic and political Iron Cur-tain appears on Ukraine’s eastern border.’’ There is also a multilateralist view charac-terized by Foreign Minister Lubomir Zaora´lek, who argued that the Czech Repub-lic should belong to the EU mainstream and support the sanctions as an efficient tool. The Czech foreign and defense ministries ‘‘view Russia as a country which is destabilising the European security architec-ture and . . . making attempts to revise the international order,’’ whereas ‘‘the minister for industry and trade sees Russia as a key non-EU economic partner for the Czech Re-public, with whom cooperation needs to be enhanced.’’ Prime Minister Sobotka has at-tempted to balance these competing view-points, but the splits have left the Czech gov-ernment without a clear stance on Russia. Two-thirds of the natural gas consumed in the Czech Republic comes from Russia, ac-counting for nearly 15% of the country’s pri-mary energy supply. In the context of sanc-tions and Russia’s economic slowdown, the Czech economy has been negatively affected by a substantial decline in Russian imports of Czech goods and reduced numbers of Rus-sian tourists visiting the Czech Republic. Russia accounts for only 4% of Czech exports and 0.3% of foreign investment in the Czech Republic, however. By contrast, over 80% of Czech exports go to EU countries, and the Czech economy is tied most closely to Ger-many. President Zeman and Deputy Prime Min-ister/Finance Minister Andrej Babis ˇ, in par- ticular, have been recently cited by one prominent commentator as leading politi-cians who ‘‘frequently echo or repeat Rus-sian slogans.’’ Zeman previously served as prime minister from 1998–2002 at the head of the Social Democratic Party, which he left in 2007, before he became the Czech Repub-lic’s first popularly elected president in 2013 (the president was formerly chosen by par-liament). The powers of the Czech presidency are largely ceremonial, and the power to lead the government falls squarely on the prime minister. Nevertheless, the president is the commander-in-chief of the armed forces, ex-erts an influence on foreign policy, and makes a number of formal appointments to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.009 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1504 March 22, 2016 
the central bank and judiciary. Some ana-lysts assert that Zeman has sought to push the boundaries of his powers to influence government policy and legislation. Although Zeman has also been strongly pro-EU and supported close security ties with the United States through NATO, his history of outspoken statements has labeled him as one of the most pro-Russian leaders in Europe. He has condemned the EU sanc-tions against Russia, strongly criticized the Ukrainian government’s approach to the conflict, and termed the conflict in Ukraine a ‘‘civil war.’’ Analysts assert that such statements have countered and undermined the Czech government and foreign ministry and threatened to alienate Czech allies in NATO, including the United States, and its partners in the EU. In May 2015, Zeman, who speaks fluent Russian, defied calls for the diplomatic isola-tion of Russia by joining Slovak Prime Min-ister Fico as one of the few European leaders attending the 70th anniversary commemora-tion of the end of World War II in Moscow. Opposition leaders asserted that the visit seemed ‘‘choreographed by Kremlin propa-gandists,’’ with President Putin com-menting, ‘‘I want to say that it pleases us that there are still leaders in Europe who are able to express their opinion, and who follow an independent political line.’’ While some observers maintain that Zeman is on balance an outspoken person-ality who is not afraid to speak his mind, others point to his close ties with business-men connected to Russia as a potential source of influence. Martin Nejedly ´, the head of Russian energy company Lukoil’s Czech subsidiary, and Miroslav Slouf, a lobbyist for Lukoil, reportedly financed much of Zeman’s presidential campaign, were part of his cam-paign team, and remain close advisers. Zeman has also previously asserted that he is a ‘‘long-time friend’’ of Vladimir Yakunin, a former KGB agent who was head of Russian Railways and a close associate and ally of President Putin until his retirement earlier this year. Yakunin was included on the list of Russian officials placed under U.S. sanc-tions following the annexation of Crimea. Andrej Babisˇis reportedly the Czech Re-public’s second-richest man, worth an esti-mated $2.4 billion. Babisˇ, who is of Slovak origin, founded the ANO party (ANO stands for Action of Dissatisfied Citizens in Czech, although ‘‘ano’’ also means ‘‘yes’’ in Czech) in 2011, initially as a personal political vehi-cle. Promoting populist, anti-corruption messages, ANO came in second place in the 2013 Czech election, and Babisˇbecame deputy prime minister and finance minister in a co-alition government led by Prime Minister Sobotka’s Social Democrats. Babis ˇhas con- tinued to position himself and his party as outsiders to the Czech political establish-ment, and as a ‘‘movement’’ that eludes left- right characterization rather than a political party (ANO belongs to the centrist-liberal Alliance of Liberals and Democrats, ALDE, in the European Parliament). With recent polls showing ANO to be the Czech Repub-lic’s most popular party and Babis ˇits most trusted politician, he is considered a leading possibility for prime minister following the 2017 election. The intersection between Babisˇ’ continued business interests and his political career has been controversial. In the early 1990s, while an executive with the state-owned trading company Petrimex, Babis ˇtook over ownership and control of a newly founded Petrimex subsidiary, Agrofert, using a still- undisclosed source of foreign financing chan-neled through Switzerland. Reportedly aided by the use of political connections to acquire state-owned enterprises using state-guaran-teed loans that were not always paid back, Babisˇgrew Agrofert into an agriculture, food, and chemical giant that is now the Czech Republic’s fourth-largest company and has over 200 subsidiaries of its own. Babis ˇhas been accused of using his government posi-tion to benefit his private business interests, for example in a May 2015 parliamentary vote to continue state subsidies of biofuels, a policy of strong benefit to Agrofert. In 2013, Agrofert acquired the MAFRA media group, housing two of the country’s most widely read newspapers, most popular radio station, and a leading television chan-nel. Observers assert that these media out-lets have subsequently avoided any criticism of Babisˇ, promoted his activities, and in-creased criticism of political opponents. Some analysts have argued that Babis ˇcom- bination of political, economic, and media power threatens the stability of the Czech Republic’s democratic institutions. In March 2015, Prime Minister Sobotka told his party’s congress: ‘‘The problem is, however, that Andrej Babisˇ, chairman of our coalition partner, did not give up his economic and media influ-ence after he became deputy prime minister and finance minister. He now concentrates political, economic and media power whose extent has been unprecedented in this coun-try since 1989. He is at permanent risk of conflict of interest.’’ Babisˇ’ past has also caused controversy. The Czech Republic maintains a ‘‘lustration law’’ passed in 1991 to keep former high-level communists and secret police collaborators out of top government posts. Babis ˇhas been waging a court battle with Slovakia’s Na-tion’s Memory Institute, which oversees communist-era secret police files. With Babisˇ’ secret police file having gone missing long ago, the institute presented a case in 2013 piecing together files it asserted as cir-cumstantial evidence that Babisˇwas an in- formant code named ‘‘Buresˇ.’’ In June 2014, a Slovak judge ruled in favor of removing Babisˇfrom the list of secret police collabo-rators after two former agents testified in his defense, finding there was not suffi-ciently clear documentary evidence of delib-erate collaboration. The institute is report-edly continuing the investigation, however, after an appeals court ruled the agents’ tes-timony inadmissible. Allegations of Babis ˇ’ ties to communist-era security and intel-ligence agencies are additionally fueled by his close association with Agrofert board chairman Libor Sˇiroky´, a former member of a Czechoslovak secret police unit that had close ties with the KGB. Babisˇhas repeatedly criticized the EU sanctions against Russia, and has been var-iously quoted stating that NATO ‘‘cannot stay on this idea that Russia is the biggest problem,’’ ‘‘Ukraine is not ready for the Eu-ropean Union and Ukraine was always under the influence of Russia,’’ and, with regard to responsibility for Crimea and the conflict in Ukraine, ‘‘What is true or not true, who knows?’’ Babisˇhas asserted that such skep-ticism is a legitimate part of the European debate and that he and his party are strongly pro-NATO and pro-EU, refuting allegations that he is ‘‘pro-Russian’’ or has secretive ties to Russia. Nevertheless, with Babis ˇconsid- ered a possible future prime minister of the Czech Republic, his oligarchic profile and communist-era past, combined with his statements on sanctions and the Ukraine cri-sis, have caused speculation and concern about possible Russian connections and in-fluence. Slovakia Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico has been an outspoken critic of EU sanctions against Russia and has pursued cordial rela-tions with Moscow during his time in office. Fico has been prime minister since 2012, and previously from 2006–2010, at the head of the center-left Direction-Social Democracy party (SMERSD). Fico (with Czech President Zeman) was one of only two European lead-ers to attend events in Moscow in May 2015 commemorating the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II, and returned to Moscow in June 2015 with a government delegation to discuss economic and energy ties. Analysts and commentators asserted that these visits played into Russian propaganda by allowing the Kremlin to show it has partners in Eu-rope who are inclined toward cooperation, undermining U.S. and European attempts to portray Russia as diplomatically isolated. Slovakia is one of the EU countries most exposed economically to Russia: Slovakia depends on Russia for 98% of the natural gas it consumes (accounting for over 27% of the country’s primary energy supply), imports oil and nuclear fuel from Russia, and its state budget relies to a significant extent on revenue from transit fees associated with Russian gas (via Ukraine). Slovakia is the main conduit for Russian gas to Europe. In September 2014, Slovakia began providing gas supplies to Ukraine, leading Russia to cut gas flows to Slovakia by a reported 50% the following month. The Slovak military also remains heavily dependent on Russian armaments. At the same time, Russia ac-counts for only 3–4% of Slovakia’s exports, with the vast majority going to other EU countries. Fico drew particular attention in June 2014 when he compared the idea of U.S. and NATO 
troops being stationed in Slovakia to the 1968 Warsaw Pact invasion of Czecho-slovakia: ‘‘I cannot imagine that there would be foreign soldiers on our territory in the form of some bases...Slovakia has its histor-ical experience with participation of foreign troops. Let us remember the 1968 invasion. Therefore this topic is extraordinarily sen-sitive to us.’’ Analysts assert that Slovak attitudes to-ward Russia are a complicated mixture of in-terests and emotions that make it hard to understand and predict Slovak policy toward Russia. Some analysts perceive Fico’s Russia policy as an attempt to balance the com-peting imperatives of relations with NATO and the EU with Slovakia’s energy and eco-nomic relationship with Russia, while at-tempting to appeal to public opinion, busi-ness interests, and a Russophile wing of his party. For example, Fico has criticized EU sanctions but not blocked them, and he strongly criticized Ukrainian measures that have threatened the flow of gas, but also pro-vided ‘‘reverse flow’’ gas supplies to Ukraine. Moscow opposes the ‘‘reverse flow’’ of gas from Europe back to Ukraine and considers it illegal. Overall, national economic interests ap-pear to be paramount in Fico’s approach. Slovakia did not block the expansion of EU sanctions in July 2014 after securing exemp-tions for sectors important to its economy (such as the export of automobiles to Rus-sia), but Fico has maintained that his gov-ernment might ‘‘reject certain sanctions that would hurt national interests.’’ Fol-lowing the adoption of the wider EU sanc-tions and the announcement of Russia’s re-taliatory measures, Fico stated, ‘‘Why should we jeopardize the EU economy that begins to grow? If there is a crisis situation, it should be solved by other means than meaningless sanctions. Who profits from the EU economy decreasing, Russia’s economy having trouble, and Ukraine economically on its knees?’’ Hungary Alongside Hungary’s commitment to NATO and a close security partnership with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:06 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.005 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1505 March 22, 2016 
the United States, the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban has emphasized that it has other foreign policy interests, includ-ing building closer relations with Russia. Some analysts assert that the Hungarian government appears to be the most ‘‘pro- Russian’’ government of the NATO and EU countries. Although Hungary is still a de-mocracy and Russia is not, ideological simi-larities between Prime Minister Orban and President Putin contribute to cordial rela-tions to a certain extent: both leaders have been organizing their respective states in contrast to the ‘‘liberal, Western model,’’ with Orban naming Russia (along with Singapore, China, India, and Turkey) in a July 2014 speech as the type of state model likely to be successful in the future. In addi-tion, Putin’s doctrine of ‘‘protecting’’ ethnic Russian populations that live outside the borders of Russia closely evokes the nation-alist view in Hungary of ethnic Hungarian minorities that live outside the borders of the country. According to some Western ob-servers, Hungary has played an unhelpful role in the Ukraine crisis by advocating greater autonomy for a region of western Ukraine inhabited by approximately 150,000 ethnic Hungarians. Breaking with European attempts to portray Russia as diplomatically isolated, Orban hosted Putin in a state visit in February 2015. Orban has been prime min-ister since 2010, and previously from 1998– 2002, at the head of the conservative Fidesz party. Hungary has considerable ties to Russia in the energy sector. Russia provides over 76% of the natural gas consumed in Hungary, ac-counting for one quarter of the country’s pri-mary energy supply, and Hungary was a strong supporter of Gazprom’s now-cancelled South Stream pipeline that would have crossed Bulgaria, Serbia, Hungary, and Slo-venia (bypassing Ukraine) to reach Austria and Italy. Russia also supplies the fuel for Hungary’s Paks nuclear power plant, which provides about 40% of the country’s elec-tricity. Under a controversial deal reached in early 2014, Russia will loan Hungary Ö10 bil- lion to finance the construction by Russia’s state-owned Rosatom of two new units at the Paks plant. Although it joined its EU partners in con-demning the annexation of Crimea as illegal, and signed on to the multiple rounds of sanc-tions imposed against Russia by the EU, Hungary has been among the countries most reluctant to impose sanctions in response to Russia’s actions in the Ukraine conflict. In an August 2014 interview, just two weeks after the adoption of expanded sectoral EU sanctions and one week after the announce-ment of retaliatory Russian measures against European food products, Prime Min-ister Orban called for a re-think of the EU’s sanctions, stating, ‘‘The sanctions policy pursued by the West, that is, ourselves, a necessary consequence of which has been what the Russians are doing, causes more harm to us than to Russia . . . In politics, this is called shooting oneself in the foot.’’ Although Russia is Hungary’s largest non- EU trading partner, with Hungarian exports to Russia represent less than 3% of Hun-gary’s total exports. The Hungarian econ-omy is tied much more closely to the Ger-man economy. Russia and European Far-Right Parties In recent years, there has been an increas-ingly evident ideological link between Euro-pean far-right parties and the leadership of Russia. Far-right parties in V4 countries that now take openly pro-Russia positions include: Jobbik in Hungary; the Slovak Na-tional Party (SNS) and People’s Party Our Slovakia (L’SNS); the Czech Workers’ Party of Social Justice (DSSS); Self-Defense of the Republic of Poland (SRP) and Polish Falanga. Elsewhere in Europe, pro-Russia positions are held by: France’s National Front (FN); Italy’s Lega Nord and the New Force party in Italy; the National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD); the Freedom Party of Aus-tria (FPO¨); the Flemish Interest (VB) party in Belgium; the Order and Justice (TT) party in Lithuania; Golden Dawn in Greece; the Nationalist Party of Bulgaria (NPB) and Bul-garia’s Ataka Party; and the British Na-tional Party (BNP). While many of these parties remain well on the fringes of their countries’ political scene, Jobbik, FPO¨, FN, Golden Dawn, Lega Nord and TT have had significant electoral suc-cesses in winning seats in national par-liaments and the European Parliament. Analysts assert that supporting far-right parties serves as a way for Russia to work against European unity. Among other ele-ments of far-right ideology (typically includ-ing some combination of extreme nation-alism, ‘‘law and order’’ and the preservation of ‘‘traditional’’ conservative or family val-ues, and anti-immigrant, anti-Semitic, or anti-Islam sentiments), most of these parties tend to be anti-establishment and anti-EU. Some can be characterized as anti-NATO/ U.S. or isolationist, and some focus on prob-lems with neighboring countries. Jobbik, for example, in addition to promoting strongly anti-Roma, anti-Semitic, xenophobic, and anti-Western stances, promotes the idea that Slovakia and Romania are enemies of Hun-gary due to the ethnic Hungarian minorities living across the border in those countries. Although direct evidence of Russian finan-cial support for far-right parties remains for the most part difficult to identify, there is a widespread belief that Russia has covertly funneled money to parties such as the FN and Jobbik. In November 2014, news outlets reported the discovery that the FN had re-ceived a potentially illegal Ö9 million loan from a Russian bank with close ties to Presi-dent Putin. Jobbik has also long been under suspicion of receiving Russian (and Iranian) money, and the party’s finances have been questioned in the Hungarian Parliament and investigated by the Hungarian government. After publishing an annual budget of ap-proximately $10,000 per year for 2004–2008, Jobbik ran a well-financed campaign in the 2009 European Parliament election and re-portedly spent over $100,000 in the 2010 na-tional election, when it won nearly 16% of the vote. Analysts argued that the sudden in-crease in funding could not have been due to domestic contributions. As Jobbik began running a nationwide party operation, it also abandoned its previous anti-Russian rhetoric to advocate both good relations with Russia and Hungary leaving the EU to join Russia’s Eurasian Union. Jobbik now receives a state allowance allotted to parties in parliament and has an official budget of over $2.3 mil-lion. Suspicions of additional private financ-ing from abroad persist, however. A poten-tially key figure in Jobbik’s ties to Moscow is Bela Kova´cs, a Jobbik Member of the Eu-ropean Parliament who played a central role in the party’s rise in 2009 and has been a vocal supporter of Russia in the European Parliament. In October 2015, the European Parliament granted a request by the Hun-garian government to lift Kova´cs’ immunity from arrest in order to face allegations of spying for Russia. Russian support for far-right parties is not merely financial. The Russian government has also been proactive in offering organiza-tional expertise, political know-how, and media assistance to parties on Europe’s far- right. Russian support has reportedly in-cluded establishing and coordinating pro- Russian parties, non-governmental civil or-ganizations, and think tanks, and providing support to friendly media outlets. Russian diplomacy also offers far-right parties access to political networks, including by spon-soring forums and conferences that develop and coordinate national doctrines and poli-cies and encourage the formation of party groups or families. To some extent, analysts attribute ties between a number of European far-right parties and parallels in the policies of parties in a range of countries to this type of Russian-sponsored network-building. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 46 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Rabbi John Linder, Temple Solel, Paradise Valley, Arizona, offered the following prayer: God of all people and all under-standing, give us strength and reason during these perilous times; bring con-solation to the bereaved in Belgium. Be with our public servants here as they represent these great United States. Collectively, brothers and sisters, you are a tapestry of America, a beau-tiful quilt of diversity, the best of who we can be. Our respective faiths remind us that the measure of society is how we treat the most vulnerable: the or-phan, the widow, the stranger in our midst. God bless the Members of this House, their families and staff, and all those workers who humbly serve to care for and protect these hallowed Halls. May these deliberations reflect the best of humanity, honoring the divine spark in one another. ‘‘Long may our land be bright, with freedom’s holy light,’’ as we continue to shine as a beacon of hope to those within our bor-ders and around the world. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.006 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1506 March 22, 2016 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING RABBI JOHN LINDER The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to recognize my good friend, Rabbi John Linder, as the guest chaplain today. Throughout his life, Rabbi Linder has demonstrated commendable commit-ment to his family, to his faith, and to the cause of social justice. After graduating with honors from Amherst College, Rabbi Linder spent his early years as a community and labor organizer, and later helped run his family’s scrap metal recycling busi-ness before entering rabbinic school. In Arizona, he has demonstrated in-spired leadership of Temple Solel, my temple, which is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. Rabbi Linder has also continued his work to advance social justice as a leader in the Union for Reform Juda-ism, the Jewish Family and Children’s Services, and many other local service and faith-based organizations. Rabbi Linder is also engaged in build-ing a strong interfaith community in Arizona. He has been instrumental in connecting Temple Solel to other faiths, and he has invited a variety of other clergy members to participate in the temple’s services. Mr. Speaker, please join me in wel-coming Rabbi Linder to the House of Representatives and thanking him for his dedicated service. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
OLLY ). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speech-es on each side of the aisle. 
f 
LITTLE SISTERS OF THE POOR (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow the Supreme Court will hear arguments in Little Sisters of the Poor v. Burwell, and today, I stand in sup-port of the Little Sisters. Mr. Speaker, this is an order of Catholic nuns who serve the elderly poor in 31 countries. We talk a lot about public service up here. Well, these are the people who live it. They are the definition of public service. In fact, I had the honor of hosting two of the Sisters at the State of the Union address this January, and I was amazed to hear all the good work that they do. So the last thing the Federal Govern-ment should do is make their jobs harder, but that, unfortunately, is ex-actly what this administration is doing. Under the healthcare law, the Department of Health and Human Services is insisting on a regulation that requires the Sisters to offer bene-fits that violate their religious beliefs. The administration claims to have offered them an ‘‘accommodation,’’ but it is just a fig leaf. So this is the choice that they are facing: either violate your faith, or pay up to $70 million a year in fines. Mr. Speaker, there is no good reason for any of this. A full one-third of the American people are exempt from this regulation, so why insist that the Sis-ters, of all people, follow it? There are other ways to protect people’s health that do not violate people’s faith. Mr. Speaker, it is clear to anyone with eyes to see that this regulation is a violation of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. A broad bipartisan majority in Congress voted for that law, and what Congress said was this: the burden is not on your faith to obey government mandates; the burden is on the government to respect your faith. Mr. Speaker, that is the very mean-ing of religious liberty. That is one of our founding principles, and that is why we should do everything we can to let people live out their faith. That is why many colleagues of mine and I have joined in an amicus brief asking the Court to grant the Sisters the re-lief that they deserve; and that is why I am here today: to stand in defense of the Sisters, to stand in defense of the law, and to stand in defense of religious liberty. f 
TODAY NIAGARA FALLS WILL RECLAIM ITS WATERFRONT (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today the people of Niagara Falls will re-claim what was taken from them 50 years ago: access to, arguably, the world’s greatest waterfront, Niagara Falls. Since 1964, the Robert Moses State Parkway has cut off the city from its waterfront. The highway is one of sev-eral ill-conceived projects rammed through cities 50 years ago that have kept western New York from realizing its full economic potential. Three years ago, I issued a report that detailed the role of the New York Power Authority, which planned the parkway, evicted homeowners, and owns the land on which it sits, justi-fying the New York Power Authority’s responsibility to fix what they had bro-ken. Shortly thereafter, work began on the removal of the southern portion, and now, as we proposed, the New York Power Authority will fund the next phase, a $42 million project that takes down the parkway and builds up this city. Two weeks ago, I stood with Mayor Paul Dyster to demand the complete removal of the parkway. With today’s announcement, Niagara Falls will re-claim its waterfront and all of the promise that comes with it. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DEPUTY CARL KOONTZ (Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the life of Dep-uty Carl Koontz, who was shot and killed Sunday while serving a warrant. A 3-year veteran of the Howard Coun-ty Sheriff’s Department, he was more than a deputy; he was a husband to Kassie, a father to baby Noah, a son, and a friend to his many fellow law en-forcement officers. Yesterday, hundreds of Hoosiers lined the procession route from Indianapolis back to his hometown of Kokomo to pay their respects and honor his sac-rifice. He was only 27 years old, and in his short life he served Howard County with courage and distinction. He was passionate about his job as a deputy, particularly his role as a school re-source officer for the Northwestern School Corporation, where he was a role model as well as a protector of Hoosier children. I would also like to recognize Ser-geant Jordan Buckley, who was also shot and injured, and wish him a speedy recovery. Law enforcement officers and first responders put their lives on the line each and every day. In memory of Deputy Koontz, I would ask everyone to please stand and thank all of our officers, the courageous law enforcement officers and first respond-ers, for their service and sacrifice be-cause on Sunday, Deputy Koontz paid the ultimate sacrifice. 
f 
CELEBRATING SALLIE BALDWIN HOWARD’S 100TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. BUTTERFIELD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 100th birthday of Sallie Baldwin Howard, a friend and legendary citizen of Wilson, North Carolina. Tomorrow, Mr. Speaker, Sallie B. Howard will be honored at a grand birthday celebration at the charter school named in her honor, the Sallie B. Howard School for the Arts and Edu-cation. Sallie Howard has lived an extraor-dinary life. Her contribution to the arts and education is immeasurable. Mrs. Howard graduated as valedic-torian from Charles H. Darden High School. She later graduated from Kittrell Junior College, the Anderson School of Dance, New York City’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.012 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1507 March 22, 2016 
School of the American Negro, and re-ceived her master’s degree in elemen-tary education from Hunter College. As an academic, writer, playwright, avid traveler, and elementary school teacher, Sallie B. Howard has used her vast array of talents and expertise to make a lasting impact on our Nation’s children. She is an active member of St. John AME Zion Church. Mr. Speaker, the founder and execu-tive director of the Howard School, Dr. JoAnne Woodard, remarks of Mrs. Howard that she is a ‘‘phenomenal woman who inspires us to be our best.’’ I ask my colleagues today to join me in celebrating Sallie B. Howard’s 100 years of life and recognizing her self-less service to humanity. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF POLICE OFFICER SCOT FITZ-GERALD (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a policeman who was tragically taken from us too soon. In my district of South Jacksonville, Illinois, Police Officer Scot Fitzgerald was on duty on the evening of Friday, March 4, responding to a call for med-ical assistance, when his car was hit by an ambulance. The 32-year-old father of two passed away several hours later. In his funeral procession, hundreds of citizens and admirers came to remem-ber the officer who had personally aided them in times of need. Sobering events like this remind us that our law enforcement officers put their lives on the line when they put on their uniforms. I offer my prayers and condolences to Officer Fitzgerald’s family, his wife, and his two young children, a 4-year- old boy and a 4-month-old girl, as they grieve their loss. I also want to offer my sincere grati-tude to all of our law enforcement offi-cers for their crucial role in keeping us safe. The community of South Jackson-ville has set up a scholarship fund for his children and also a memorial 5K run in his name. I applaud these dis-plays of compassion. Mr. Speaker, I encourage the citizens of my district and elsewhere to con-sider supporting these efforts. I would ask, at this time, that the House rise to pay tribute to Officer Fitzgerald for his public service. 
f 
TRI-FAITH INITIATIVE (Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, as I rise, my prayers are with the victims of the terrorist attacks in Brussels. Today, I would like to pay tribute to a multifaith religious organization that rises above the divisive elements in our Nation and around the world. Each day, Omaha’s unique Tri-Faith Initiative makes it clear that what unites us far outweighs what divides us. The Tri-Faith Initiative is made up of Jewish, Christian, and Islamic reli-gious groups practicing respect, ac-ceptance, and trust. Omaha’s Temple Israel, Countryside Community Church, and the American Muslim In-stitute literally work side by side to realize the dream of three houses of worship on adjacent land. In three-part harmony, Tri-Faith strives to challenge stereotypes, learn from each other, and counter the flames of fear and misunderstanding. This initiative couldn’t come at a more critical time in our history. America’s greatness begins with its diversity. I am beyond proud that my hometown is home to this most impor-tant melting pot. Jews, Christians, and Muslims working and praying side by side, that is America. f 
b1215 PRESIDENT’S BIZARRE TRIP TO CUBA (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, in a letter to the President, House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman E
DROYCE revealed, ‘‘Since your administration announced nor-malized relations with Havana, the re-gime’s repression of basic human rights has gone from bad to worse. In the first 2 months of 2016 alone, the Cuban Com-mission for Human Rights has docu-mented a staggering 2,588 political ar-rests. In spite of this, reports suggest that you will soon announce’’ ‘‘more one-sided concessions that will serve to shore up the communist Castro re-gime.’’ While visiting Havana, the President supports plans to end the embargo, yet ignores the fact that increased trade will not reach the Cuban people. It will benefit the Cuban military and intel-ligence agencies which have stolen Cuba’s most profitable industries. The President’s bizarre legacy has led to more repression as the failed socialist dictatorship is propped up. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Belgium and Prime Min-ister Charles Michel as the global war on terrorism continues. 
f 
VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, Jackson-ville, Florida, November 13, 2015: Travis James Hiatt, 49 years old; Hayden Rose Hiatt, 5 months old; Kayden Reese Hiatt, 5 months old. Glendale, Arizona, February 23, 2016: Vic Buckner, 50; Kimberly Buckner, 49; Kaitlin Buckner, 18; Emma Buckner, 6. Roswell, New Mexico, August 21, 2015: Mere Contreras, 31 years old; Shelly Bird, 25; Damon Oswald-Newman, 19. Indianapolis, Indiana, February 20, 2014: Walter Burnell, 47; Jacob Rodemich, 43; Kristy Mae Sanchez, 22; Hayley Navarra, 21. Chesapeake, Virginia, January 27, 2016: Doris Dooley, 74 years old; Lori Dooley, 54; Todd Dooley, 50; Landon Dooley, 22; Brooke Dooley, 17. Oakland, Maine, November 4, 2015: Amanda Bragg, 30 years old; Michael Muzerolle, 29; Amy Derosby, 28. f 
IN MEMORY OF ANN PRIDE (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the life of Ann Pride, a be-loved daughter of Arkansas and a good friend. Ann served as the director of Federal Government Relations at Entergy, where she had been employed since 1991. She worked closely with the en-tire Arkansas delegation to support en-ergy programs for low-income Arkan-sans. Ann dedicated her life to serving the people of Arkansas and previously served as staff to Representative Bill Alexander and Senator David Pryor, first during his term as Governor of Ar-kansas and later in the United States Senate. Ann had a friendly demeanor and was well respected among the Arkansas del-egation and on both sides of the aisle. She was a consummate professional. Her knowledge and experience were indispensable to her fellow colleagues, and I know that she will be greatly missed by those who had the privilege to know her. 
f 
DEMOCRATS OUTPERFORM REPUBLICANS ON ECONOMY (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, Republicans often claim that they can manage the econ-omy better than Democrats, but the facts show something very different en-tirely. Research by economists Alan Blinder and Mark Watson finds that, by vir-tually every measure of economic growth and economic health, including GDP growth and job creation, the econ-omy has performed better under Demo-cratic Presidents than Republican Presidents. Alan Blinder and Professor Watson put it simply: ‘‘The U.S. economy per-forms much better when a Democrat is President than when a Republican is.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.014 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1508 March 22, 2016 
The Democratic staff on the Joint Economic Committee updated and ex-panded on their analysis and found that, on average, since World War II: real GDP has grown about 1.6 times faster under Democrats than Repub-licans, and private sector job growth has grown nearly 2.5 times faster under Democrats. This chart tells a story. The Demo-cratic line is blue, and the red is Re-publican. It shows clearly that job growth was higher and better under Democratic Presidents. 
f 
OBAMACARE’S UNCONSTITU-TIONAL CONTRACEPTIVE MAN-DATE (Mr. FLEISCHMANN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to echo the remarks of Speaker P
AULRYAN. We must protect the sanc-tity of the lives of the unborn. The Little Sisters of the Poor v. Burwell is a landmark case that right-fully challenges ObamaCare’s unconsti-tutional contraceptive mandate. I wholeheartedly agree with the Little Sisters of the Poor and believe that life begins at conception. Mother Teresa once said: ‘‘I feel that the greatest destroyer of peace today is abortion, because it is a war against the child—a direct killing of the inno-cent child—murder by the mother her-self. And if we accept that a mother can kill even her own child, how can we tell other people not to kill one an-other?’’ The unborn are the most innocent and vulnerable members of our society. The Constitution already protects life, and I have sworn to uphold that Con-stitution. I will continue to serve all east Tennesseans by consistently vot-ing for life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF EARLINE PARMON (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize my colleague and friend, former North Carolina State Senator Earline Parmon, who departed this life last week on Super Tuesday. Earline was a true trailblazer, public servant, and humble leader. She was Forsyth County’s first Black State sen-ator. She also served more than a dec-ade in the North Carolina House and on the Forsyth County Board of Commis-sioners. Earline was instrumental in helping victims of North Carolina’s eugenics program receive restitution, and she did so much more. She dedicated her life to fighting for justice and fighting for our communities. I was more than honored when Earline joined my staff as my outreach director, expanding her territory to serve North Carolina’s 12the Congres-sional District. She was loving, kind, and respected. She broke barriers, and she was inspi-rational. Earline Parmon has left an indelible mark on North Carolinians across our State and Nation. I have known Earline for many decades, and I am proud to have called her my friend and one of my closest confidantes. Her legacy will continue to live on for generations to come. We salute her and her service to our State. f 
MIDDLE EAST CHRISTIANS FACE EXTINCTION (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, we are in the midst of Holy Week, one of the most important time periods for the Christian faith. Sadly, in too many places around the world, Christians are under attack sim-ply because of their religious beliefs. The stories of rape, assault, and mur-der are heartbreaking. Just look at some of the numbers from the Middle East. In 2003, there were 1
1⁄2million Christians in Iraq. Now that number is down to 275,000 and falling. In the very land where Jesus once walked, Christians are becoming extinct. This Holy Week, may we, as the peo-ple’s House, reaffirm our commitment to fighting Christian persecution abroad. May we not become discour-aged or angry, and may we keep fight-ing to encourage religious tolerance in the Middle East and all around the world. And, Mr. Speaker, may we remember what is written in the Gospel of John: ‘‘The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it.’’ 
f 
ONE OF AMERICA’S WORST FOREIGN POLICY MISTAKES (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sol-emn observance today of the 13th anni-versary of the week that one of the worst foreign policy mistakes of the 21st century was made, the invasion of Iraq, March 20, 2003. The human cost of the invasion: 4,491 U.S. servicemembers who gave their lives and countless more who were in-jured or who came back with difficul-ties facing the challenges of everyday life. Iraqi deaths were between 151,000 and 500,000, including many innocent women and children, and millions more were driven from their homes. The economic cost of the war in Iraq: $1.7 trillion are the estimates of that cost, money that was taken out of the hands of U.S. taxpayers, away from our roads, bridges, infrastructure, and schools to send to Iraq. And the na-tional security cost of that colossal mistake: namely, the creation of ISIS and, in fact, arming ISIS with weapons that were paid for by American tax-payers, supplied to the failed Iraqi military. ‘‘When will we ever learn?’’, in the words of the late, great Pete Seeger. f 
LIVINGSTON PARISH NEWS (Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, in recent months, Livingston Parish has lost two important leaders. On October 26 of last year, Jeff McHugh David passed away. Earlier this month, on March 3, Michael Dowty also passed away. Jeff was the longest serving owner/ publisher in the history of Livingston Parish News, and Mike was the 28-year managing editor of the newspaper. To-gether they had nearly 90 years of newspaper experience. The Livingston Parish News was es-tablished in 1898. It has a 118-year his-tory. During that history, it has been awarded over 600 State and national awards for its journalism excellence. Mr. Speaker, the Livingston Parish News covered important events like the 1983 floods, which resulted in the Comite diversion authorization, and the LIGO project, which recently dis-covered for the first time ever gravita-tional waves. It is really an amazing newspaper that has done a phenomenal job. They have 1,200 subscribers and over 60,000 online subscribers. The past 6 months have been a chal-lenging time for the paper. Jeff is sur-vived by his son, McHugh David, who carries on his father’s legacy of the Livingston Parish News, as Leesha calls him behind his back, McCutie. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize and honor these men’s service and con-tribution to our community and to the great State of Louisiana. Both men were institutions in Livingston Parish, and both will be missed. 
f 
HONORING JAMIE MICK (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today during Women’s History Month to highlight an outstanding woman in my district. My district has many fe-male role models giving back to our communities. One example of a woman dedicated to service is Jamie Mick. Jamie has served our district through her role in the Rotary Club, the American Cancer Society, West Pasco Chamber of Commerce, Florida Gulf Coast Association of Commercial Realtors, and other organizations. Jamie is a cofounder of Women IN Charge, helping to empower women by supporting them in managing their businesses, furthering their profes-sional goals, and promoting their health and financial independence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.015 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1509 March 22, 2016 
Jamie is one of the many role models I am proud to have in our community. This month we have the opportunity to celebrate women like Jamie, mak-ing history now for tomorrow’s genera-tion of innovators, news makers, and community leaders. 
f 
CHE GUEVARA POSTER (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, a picture is worth a thousand words. This poster shows President Obama with the Che Guevara image behind him, com-ing soon to a T-shirt near you. Che was a sadistic murderer and kill-er who executed Cubans during his reign of terror. Che, along with Fidel and Raul Castro, is responsible for the suffering, misery, and oppression of the people of Cuba. But it seems that some people just don’t care. Yesterday President Obama said in an interview that he would be happy to meet with Fidel Castro, and President Obama believes that Raul Castro ‘‘truly wants change in Cuba.’’ Really? What is stopping Castro from holding free and fair elections? Let’s start with that little change. This continued effort to legitimize this regime and its atrocities is appall-ing. It is appalling for those people who love freedom. It is appalling for those who have been political prisoners in Castro’s gulags. It is appalling for those families who have lost their loved ones because of this communist regime. Today is a sad day, indeed, and this poster says it all. Smile in front of Che Guevara. Get the T-shirt now. 
f 
CONDEMNING THE TERRORIST ATTACKS IN BRUSSELS, BELGIUM (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn the terrorist attacks in Brussels, Belgium, that took place early this morning. These brutal acts of violence have claimed the lives of at least 30 people and have injured at least 170 more. The people of Brussels woke up this morning, ready for another day in their life, only to have their world rocked by this sudden and unexpected attack. Some wished their loved ones goodbye for the day, only to never return. This is now the second time in just 5 short months that our friends and al-lies in Europe have been struck with a wide-scale terrorist attack. It is an-other chilling reminder that we are at war against radical Islamic terrorism. But it is also a reminder of the good-ness in people. We saw people run into the flames, into the smoke, and against the flow of the terrified masses to give aid and comfort to the wounded. It is a reminder that we are right and just and that we must be ever-vigilant. Mr. Speaker, we must stand together in solidarity with the Belgian people as they recover, and we must stand to-gether as a world against this ever-in-creasing threat to our freedom and way of life. f 
b1230 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2745, STANDARD MERGER AND ACQUISITION REVIEWS THROUGH EQUAL RULES ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 24, 2016, THROUGH APRIL 11, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 653 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 653 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 2745) to amend the Clay-ton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Com-mission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attorney General exercises such authority. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be consid-ered as read. All points of order against pro-visions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on the Ju-diciary; and (2) one motion to recommit. S
EC. 2. On any legislative day during the period from March 24, 2016, through April 11, 2016— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 4. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). S
EC. 5. The Committee on Energy and Commerce may, at any time before 4 p.m. on Thursday, March 31, 2016, file a report to ac-company H.R. 2666. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on House Resolution 653, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring this rule for-ward on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 2745, the Standard Merger and Ac-quisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2015, or the SMARTER Act. The rule also provides 1 hour of de-bate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, and also pro-vides a motion to recommit. I would like to point out that the Rules Com-mittee put out a call for amendments, but none were submitted for consider-ation. Yesterday the Rules Committee re-ceived testimony from the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial, and Antitrust Law. A sub-committee hearing was held on this legislation and it was marked up and reported by the Judiciary Committee. The bill went through regular order and enjoyed discussion at both the sub-committee and full committee level. H.R. 2745 is supported by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Amer-ican Hospital Association because it is a matter of basic fairness and reducing uncertainty. This legislation makes two key changes to the procedures by which the Federal Trade Commission litigates merger cases. First, it requires the FTC to satisfy the same standards that the DOJ must meet in order to obtain a preliminary injunction in Federal Court. Second, it requires the FTC to liti-gate merits of contested merger cases in Federal Court under the Clayton Act—just as the DOJ does—rather than before its own administrative tribu-nals. Currently the FTC is authorized to obtain preliminary injunctive relief, whereas the DOJ must satisfy the gen-erally applicable test for obtaining pre-liminary injunction in Federal Court if it wants to block a merger. Courts have sometimes held that there is a lower burden on the FTC to obtain an injunction than the DOJ would have to face under the traditional test. Additionally, if the FTC loses a pre-liminary injunction in Federal Court, it is able to litigate the merits of the cases in an administrative proceeding ultimately adjudicated by its commis-sioners. However, the DOJ does not have this power. The SMARTER Act addresses these disparities, as recommended by the Antitrust Modernization Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.017 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1510 March 22, 2016 
Parties to a merger should not be subject to different treatment and standards based on the reviewing anti-trust enforcement agency. Antitrust agencies are charged with reviewing transactions efficiently and fairly in order to ensure that competition is preserved. But current law leaves the impression that there is a divergence of procedure and that whether or not a merger can proceed depends on which agency reviews that particular trans-action. Importantly, this bill does not make it easier for mergers to be approved. H.R. 2745 does increase fairness and ef-ficiency by ensuring that the antitrust enforcement agencies are not imposing unequal burdens on the merging par-ties. I thank the full committee, Chair-man G
OODLATTE , Chairman M ARINO , Congressman F
ARENTHOLD , and their staff for their work bringing these im-portant reforms today. Again, as we look forward, I would encourage all to support this rule and the underlying legislation as it will bring some streamlined modern efficiencies to this program as we go forward. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. That was complicated. My colleague from Georgia, Mr. Speaker, explained a lot of stuff. There were definitely a lot of big words in there, and words that we do not use too often in Colorado. It seems to me that this bill is de-signed to make it easier for very big companies to merge and reduce the oversight in making sure that those big mergers do not hurt consumers. Most mergers do not even go through this. I think it was in our Rules Com-mittee yesterday where Mr. M
ARINO  testified it was maybe 3 percent of mergers. So only if both companies are very, very, very big companies, multi-national conglomerates, then it goes up for review. This bill says that maybe there should be a little less re-view. I think even the proponents say there still should be review. There are several government agencies involved. But it seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that what this bill is really doing—the Standard Merger and Acquisition Re-views Through Equal Rules Act of 2015—it almost takes a few breaths to even say it. It is one of the longer bill titles that I have heard, very tech-nical—it is really the stalling on the floor of the House bill until the Repub-licans can figure out a budget. That is exactly what we are doing here, Mr. Speaker. I would hope that, as we stall, we could offer more substantive bills that we could do in the meantime. This bill, the Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules bill, is really, truly a solution in search of a problem. Where does this bill come from? I am certainly very pro-business. I founded several businesses before I came here. I took a long and hard look at this bill today. I am all for stream-lining government processes, but I just can’t imagine what problem we are even trying to solve here. I don’t know. I wonder where the idea for this bill came from. Maybe it came from a town hall. I know a lot of the best ideas that I get start from my constituents and small businesses back home. That was the argument we heard very passion-ately orated when we talked about brick kilns for an entire week the other week. Maybe Members are fighting for peo-ple back home. Maybe a constituent approached somebody in Mr. COLLINS ’ district and said: We truly wish review processes for the larger corporate mergers were streamlined; something must be done about the FTC’s adminis-trative adjudication authority. Maybe that was the call that was re-sounding in town halls across the coun-try, but it did not come up in any of mine. In Colorado’s Front Range it simply was not the issue that my con-stituents were raising, but I will cer-tainly give my colleagues the benefit of the doubt. Perhaps there is a groundswell for addressing the FTC’s administrative adjudication authority for the largest companies and their mergers that simply has not reached Colorado. Perhaps that is the case. Mr. Speaker, there is an important point I want to make. Time is very pre-cious here on the House floor. Tax-payers are paying for this time. In fact, apparently tomorrow will be the last day. This will be the last bill we vote on before we all get sent home for a 3- week vacation. We have very limited time to pass bills that benefit the American people. Six years ago, nearly to this day, the House took this workweek in late March and passed a little something called the Affordable Care Act. Now, that might not be popular with my friends on the other side of the aisle, but it certainly was consequential. In fact, 15 million more Americans have coverage today because of what we did this same week 6 years ago. We passed the first major piece of healthcare re-form in a generation. Like it or not, we had conviction, and we passed bills that helped Americans every day solve problems. Now here we are 6 years later and we are debating a measure that helps a few large corporations merge with each other to become even larger. Look, if we want to help American business, let’s find a backbone, let’s look at tax reform, let’s look at comprehensive im-migration reform, let’s invest in our infrastructure and in our schools to have a better prepared workforce. Be courageous. Let’s present solutions to problems, not solutions in search of a problem. Here we are passing yet another bill the Senate won’t consider and that will never become law, and then go reward ourselves with 3 weeks of vacation. Look, maybe someday this bill will help one conglomerate purchase an-other conglomerate, or save them a few dollars in legal fees along the way. Is that exciting, Mr. Speaker, to you? Is that something that resounds across our country or would even contribute one iota to our country’s economic growth? Mr. Speaker, this bill does not solve any of the problems this Congress needs to take on. What should we be doing this week? We should be talking about making college more affordable. We should be talking about growing our economy, investing in infrastructure, reforming our bloated Tax Code, and simplifying taxes. We should be talking about pass-ing a budget. Mr. Speaker, most households have a budget. My household has a budget, but this Congress does not have a budget. Instead of having a budget, everybody is going on a vacation. Mr. Speaker, this bill does not find a solution to the 11 million undocu-mented people in our country and fix our broken immigration system. This bill does not secure our borders or does not make college more affordable. It is a shame that we are spending an entire week debating this nonsolution in search of a problem that maybe some years hence will help one large com-pany merge with another and reduce their paperwork to the detriment of the public interest and consumer inter-est in the American people. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think it is interesting. It does not help. As we come down here and de-bate—and this is a floor to do that, Mr. Speaker—let’s just be very clear, this does not help companies merge. I am not sure why we are putting forth a statement that helps companies merge. It simply takes and it streamlines the process so that you are not having two divergent paths in which the scrutiny of a merger takes place. If we want to at least be faithful to the bill, which is what this does, it does not make substantive changes to antitrust law. Rather, this legislation standardizes the process between the two antitrust enforcement agencies. Look, I grew up in north Georgia, and there were a lot of times especially—I have had some small businesses, and I appreciate the gentleman from Colo-rado, but I bet there are many times in his businesses that the things that you do every day, it is like being a part of a family. It is doing chores, it is doing the work that needs to be done. It may not hit the front page of the paper, it may not be the glamorous piece that anybody would want to talk about. Those things are getting discussed and those things are moving forward. Maybe not at the pace that some would like to see, but we are moving forward with legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.019 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1511 March 22, 2016 
The question is if a bill that simply streamlines and provides some effi-ciency that even this current Depart-ment of Justice assistant attorney gen-eral for the antitrust division stated, I don’t think that there is a real prac-tical difference in how courts assess the factual legal basis for enjoining a merger challenged by the FTC on the one hand or the Department on the other. b1245 Basically, we are doing some of the administrative work that needs to be done to lay the groundwork so that we don’t have divergent opinions, so that we don’t have two processes out there. If that is not exciting enough, then I am sorry. There are a lot of things that we do that do affect business, that do affect the streamlining of government. There are a lot of things that I would like to see us work on and that we are continuing to work on. On this issue of ‘‘will the Senate take it up or not?’’ I, frankly, Mr. Speaker, don’t care. If they don’t want to do their job, that is their problem. If they have other agendas, then that is their problem. That is why there are two separate bodies on the Hill—there is the House, and then there is the Sen-ate. We must work in tandem when we can, but we also must work with our own individual agendas to move for-ward what, in our perspective, is a con-servative agenda for this country. The other thing that is very con-cerning is—and there are a lot of issues here, and I appreciate the gentleman’s speaking, Mr. Speaker, about where ideas come from. I am very con-cerned—and I know the Speaker is as well—about where ideas and processes come from for bills here. The best place, as the gentleman stated, is from back home—being with members and being with constituents and being with the businesses and being with the school groups and being with the folks in the places which we come from. I am born and raised in my district. As is the old saying, good Lord willing, by August, it will have been 50 years I will have lived in my district. I know my district and have gotten to know their concerns. Do I believe there are a lot of things we can do up here? Yes, but I get to go home to my district, and I get to listen to people. I will be happy to read my schedule for the next few weeks while I am in the district, and if that sounds like a vacation to you, maybe we will have a different opinion on what a va-cation looks like, because I am going to be going to businesses which, over the past few years, have been hurt by a healthcare policy that was put in place, and they don’t know if they can hire new members. They have had to downsize—they have had to stop progress—and they are just being, all the time, encircled with regulations that keep them from hiring and from providing good jobs in the Ninth Dis-trict of Georgia. I don’t know about what others do on their time back in their districts. I go to talk to school groups who ask the question: What do their futures look like with an ever-increasing pile of debt? They look at their futures, and they ask: What is this country? They look at the future around the world when they see attacks, such as this morning in Brussels, and they ask where their place is in the world. What is America’s role? These are the kinds of things that are discussed on my time when I am in the district. I believe we could work up here every day, and I will be supportive of that; but when I go back home to the dis-trict, when it is scheduled for us as Members to go home, then, frankly, maybe there is just a definitional dif-ference in vacations. For me, it is to go home and listen and to be a part and to, yes, spend some time with my fam-ily. At the same point in time, every day, I get up and go out and talk to the district, and I talk to these people who have issues with Washington, D.C.: with their tax burdens, with their regu-latory burdens, with their healthcare burdens, and with all of these supposed fixes. Many times, like I said, I believe the Republican majority, in the last 5 years, has had to undo and fix the prob-lems that were so forcefully allocated. We have got a banking system in our district that is still having trouble with banks being able to make loans, banks being able to do the things that they are supposed to be doing to help our business community, because they are strangled with regulatory burden. You see, these are the issues that we can discuss here, and I appreciate the argument. Also, as we go back to the bill before us, sometimes it may not make the front page of whatever you read, but when you have two agencies that do, basically, a similar function in the merger arena and when they do it differently—and even the current De-partment of Justice and the chair-woman for the mergers and acquisi-tions were looking at this and were saying that this just needs to be bet-ter—this bill is a positive step forward. As we move forward to the debate that will happen this afternoon, I look for-ward to the debate of the committee as it discusses the ins and outs of this bill. Before we go any further, I think we just need to be honest with the Amer-ican people and say that these are ideas that are worth having and that also, when we are back in the districts, their ideas are worth having, because that is where the best ideas come from. That is where our homes are, and that is who we represent up here. It is never a burden to go home. Many times, it is a burden to come up here and fight against values that you have in your district that are not valued on the other side of the aisle. That is the bur-den that we will continue to fight. We will continue to stand as a conserv-ative bearer on this side to say that this is a government that needs to work for the people and not at the peo-ple. That is the biggest difference that you will see on this floor today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I think the American people deserve to know what Members of Congress are doing to earn their salaries. This week—3 days—this bill is the only bill under a rule that this Con-gress is even considering. Let me tell you how Congress calculates days, Mr. Speaker, because most Americans think, ‘‘Okay. A day, maybe I go to work at 9 o’clock and come home at 5 o’clock. That is a day.’’ Let me tell you that Congress has a different definition of a day for Members of Congress. Monday, we started at 6:30 p.m.—not a.m. but p.m. Now, Mr. C
OLLINS and I got to come in at 5 p.m. to start. We started early. Mr. C
OLLINS and I worked an extra hour and a half. I asked the Speaker if Mr. C
OLLINS did, and he did start at 5 o’clock with me. We worked an extra hour and a half; but you, Mr. Speaker—I don’t think you started until 6:30. That is when the votes occurred. On Tuesday—that is today—that is a real day. I will give you that. We are working on Tuesday. I started this morning at around 8 o’clock, and I fully expect we will go until 6 o’clock or 7 o’clock. That is a good day. That is good. I can be proud of that for my kids that I worked a good day and can tell anybody back home. Tomorrow, Wednesday—this day, we are working today. I would ask my col-league from Georgia: Does the gen-tleman know what time we expect to finish tomorrow? I would ask Mr. C
OL-
LINS if he knows what time we are scheduled to finish tomorrow. I yield to the gentleman from Geor-gia. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. It is the majority leader’s prerogative, as the gentleman from Colorado is well aware. Mr. POLIS. What is that? Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. After the final votes are cast tomorrow, it is the majority leader’s prerogative, as the gentleman from Colorado is well aware. Mr. POLIS. I heard it was around noon or, maybe, 12:30. I think I heard a lot of Members discussing whether they could catch their flights at around 1 o’clock or 2 o’clock. I don’t know if they are going off to the Carib-bean for their vacations or what. So, in this week, in which the Republicans are claiming we are working 3 days, I call it 1 day—Tuesday—and maybe half a day on Wednesday and maybe an hour or two on Monday. Look, that is not the kind of job that the American people expect us to do here. They want us to work full days. Why aren’t we here all week? Why aren’t we bringing up more than one bill? Fine. This bill can have its day in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.020 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1512 March 22, 2016 
the Sun, and, as Mr. C OLLINS said, not every bill is glamorous. Maybe there are some really big companies that want to be merged with other really big companies, and they feel it is too much paperwork to do it. Let’s discuss it. Let’s do that in a half a day. I mean, let’s do that on Monday. Instead of coming in at 6 o’clock, maybe we come in at noon and sleep until 11 o’clock— that should be late enough for Mem-bers of Congress to sleep—and debate it for a few hours. Then let’s do some-thing else on Tuesday. Let’s do a budg-et on Tuesday. Let’s do something about the Zika virus on Tuesday. Let’s do something about the Puerto Rico virus on Tuesday. On Wednesday, let’s get to work and do more, right? I mean, let’s roll up our sleeves and get to work. Let’s not go home at noon. Mr. Speaker, I have a very exciting motion I will be able to make here. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to pro-hibit the House from starting a 2-week recess tomorrow unless we do our job and pass a budget. I ask unanimous consent to insert that amendment in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Now, this is very excit-ing, Mr. Speaker, because I am giving my colleagues an opportunity. As to this previous question vote, if we vote it down—a ‘‘no’’ vote—it will mean ‘‘Congress, don’t go on vacation. Do your job and pass the budget.’’ A ‘‘yes’’ vote means ‘‘go on vacation, and forget about a budget.’’ With this motion that I am introducing here, if we defeat the previous question, I am really calling on Members of Congress to account as to whether they think we should do our job or whether we should go home after making it easier for very big compa-nies to merge. I hope that the answer is the one that the men and women who are listening at home would agree is the logical an-swer: that we should stay here and do our jobs. We will see here in a few min-utes what my colleagues want to do: whether they agree with me that we should stay here and do our jobs or whether they think that we should allow bigger companies to have facili-tated mergers and then go home. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I have no more speakers. I am inter-ested in whether the gentleman from Colorado has any more speakers or if he is ready to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I am ready to close. I yield myself the balance of my time. It is interesting, Mr. Speaker, that my good friend and colleague Mr. C
OL-
LINS from Georgia said that maybe this bill is important, that maybe it is one of those things that might not be glam-orous but that has to be done, that it is important. Yet I think it speaks vol-umes, Mr. Speaker, that not a single person even showed up to this debate besides Mr. COLLINS and me, who have to be here. No Republicans who, I guess, support this bill and no Demo-crats—and there might even be some Democrats, I think, who support this bill or oppose this bill—I mean, no one even came. That is because everybody knows this bill is not going anywhere. The Senate won’t consider it. The President won’t sign it. The American people have not been crying out for it. Big multinational corporations are per-fectly able to merge today as long as they are not blocked by the FTC or the DOJ for antitrust. This bill doesn’t solve any problems. Not a single Re-publican even came to the floor to argue about why we needed this bill, with the exception, of course, of my good friend and colleague Mr. C
OLLINS  and me, who have to be here because we are running the debate. What does that mean when even the proponents of this bill don’t even come here to tell us why they want it? I think it shows a certain moral bank-ruptcy, Mr. Speaker, and it exposes the veneer off the fact that this is, simply, a time-stalling bill because Repub-licans don’t have a budget, and they want us to go on vacation right away. Look, as to this bill that is being considered, I will address some of its merits. It would alter the process in which the Federal Trade Commission acts to regulate mergers and guarantee a competitive marketplace and protect consumers. I am sure there are valid and important arguments on both sides of this bill. The FTC was created in 1914 as an independent, bipartisan agency, and it has unique tools to look after consumers in order to make sure that when two large companies merge that it doesn’t hurt consumers. Of course, because the FTC and the DOJ have overlapping responsibilities, there are issues between them. If there is a pressing problem, I would be happy to consider this bill under an open rule. Now, what does that mean? It means that I believe—and the Democrats on the Rules Committee yesterday made a motion to this ef-fect—that we should allow Democrats and Republicans to offer amendments on this bill to say: Do you know what? Maybe there is a problem. Maybe we need to improve it. Maybe we need to change it. Do you know what? That motion for an open rule was voted down on a partisan vote. Perhaps that is the reason, Mr. Speaker, that no Republicans or Demo-crats bothered to come in on this bill, because the Republicans have locked us out of participating. They have locked out the Democratic and Republican rank-and-file Members, who represent great districts across our country, like from Texas and California and New York and Wisconsin—Democrats and Republicans. No one with any good ideas can even try to make this bill better. No wonder people aren’t both-ering to come to the floor in droves. It is because their ideas—and they are good ideas, and good ideas even come from Republicans, Mr. Speaker—are locked out of inclusion in this bill. Do you know what? In 2007, Congress established the Antitrust Moderniza-tion Commission, which released 80 recommendations for revisions to anti-trust law and policy. Of those rec-ommendations, one of them advocated for the elimination of the FTC’s admin-istrative adjudication authority, and another proposed the adoption of a uni-form preliminary injunction standard. Those are two things that are in this bill. To date, Congress has not consid-ered the other 78 ideas that came out of this obscure Commission that were re-ported back that only affect the world’s largest companies that merge with one another. If we had an open rule, I could bring forward some of those other 78 ideas. If this is such a pressing problem and if we need to spend our full day in session here this week in talking about mak-ing it easier for corporations to buy one another, why not go all out and allow a discussion of the other 78 ideas that the Antitrust Modernization Com-mission recommended? Mr. Speaker, this is a half measure that is a solution in search of a prob-lem. Instead of debating bills like the one here today, we should be tackling problems that the American people sent us here to work on. We should work an honest workweek rather than an hour on Monday, a full day on Tues-day, a half a day on Wednesday, and take Thursday off and take Friday off. The American people deserve an honest week. They deserve us to get the budget done. Just like our households have a budget, Congress deserves a budget. I am sure, in the past, my colleague and many others have reminded us that Democrats, at times, have also failed to produce budgets. I am saying nei-ther side is perfect. I am not proud that the Democrats, in the past, have failed to produce a budget, but what we are talking about today are the Repub-licans who are failing to produce a budget. I remember very distinctly that, when the Democrats had difficulty pro-ducing a budget, the Republicans said: How dare you. Produce a budget. Our households rely on budgets. Why can’t the Congress have a budget? That was one of the arguments that my colleagues made to the American people, and the American people, for that reason and perhaps others, gave control of this body to the Repub-licans. Now here we are with the Re-publicans, who, instead of producing a budget, are sending every Member of Congress home on vacation for 2
1⁄2 weeks after working a very taxing 1
1⁄2- day week, making it easier for multi-national corporations to merge. b1300 Mr. Speaker, we can do better. As I mentioned earlier, when we do defeat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.022 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1513 March 22, 2016 
the previous question on the vote, the amendment I have offered into the R
ECORD will amend the rule to prohibit the House from starting our vacation tomorrow, unless we do our job and pass a budget. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, vote ‘‘no’’ on the un-derlying bill, and, instead, work to pass a budget and find solutions to the big problems that we were sent here to face, like improving our national secu-rity, like securing our border and re-placing our broken immigration sys-tem into one that reflects our values as a Nation of laws and a Nation of immi-grants, one that makes prescription drugs more affordable and improves upon the Affordable Care Act, improves our schools, invests in infrastructure, and so many of the other issues that I hear about from my constituents at our town halls, on the phone, and in letters. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule and the underlying bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. I always try to be positive. There is one thing I do agree on with my friend from Colorado just now, and that is that we can do better. We can do better about explaining what is actually going on here and talking about it in derisive terms, es-pecially about a bill in which there was—I serve on the Judiciary Com-mittee—there was one amendment brought to committee. This bill seems to be fairly tight because there seems to be general agreement here. There was one committee amend-ment brought to the committee, and it was withdrawn. Then there was an amendment process put out. It is interesting that, from this Anti-trust Modernization Commission, there were 78 other ideas. And then, when my friend just spoke about the fact that, if we had an open rule on the floor, they might bring up 78. I would just ask him where was he yesterday. We have talked about show-ing up for work. Maybe he didn’t punch in last night. He could have brought 78 amendments last night to the Rules Committee. He chose not to. So we can do better. We can honestly discuss the procedures and the fact that right now, while he and I are on the floor discussing this rule and pre-paring for this rule, the rest of the 433 Members of the House of Representa-tives—432 now—I think we still have one open seat—are in committees right now. They are meeting constituents. They are marking up bills. They are going through regular order, which is the Re-publican Congress’ way of doing the people’s business. Also, as we have already discussed, whether the Senate signs something or not—then he brought up the fact that the President would never sign this piece of legislation. Well, let’s just remind the people what the administration doesn’t also sign. They won’t also sign the Key-stone Pipeline, which takes away jobs from Americans. He won’t also sign a refugee bill that actually would just put an extra meas-ure of protection for protecting the American homeland from possibly in-filtration through the refugee program. They refuse to sign that. Yet, we will have the results of the world looking at that. He won’t sign that, Mr. Speaker. The administration doesn’t seem to want to hold Iran ac-countable for the testing that it is doing with its missiles. So we can discuss what this adminis-tration doesn’t want to sign. I think using that as an excuse not to move a bill is an abdication of responsibility. So as we look forward, again, I have never thought anything that I do up here, especially when it comes to my office or in committee work, was not working. I think, frankly, it is sort of dis-respectful to the folks who come to our offices and meet with us or the com-mittee work that we do to say that the only ‘‘work’’ is here before the cameras making speeches. If that is what work is about up here, maybe we have just found the problem with this Congress. So, Mr. Speaker, parties to a merger should expect and receive the same treatment and processes, regardless of the reviewing antitrust enforcement agencies. These parties should not be subject to attempts to extract concessions or threat of administrative litigation by the FDC simply because that is the agency reviewing the merger. The underlying bill preserves key standards of review while removing dis-parities. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and H.R. 2745. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 653 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS OF COLORADO  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new section: S
EC. 6. It shall not be in order to consider a motion that the House adjourn on the leg-islative day of March 23, 2016, unless the House has adopted a concurrent resolution establishing the budget for the United States government for fiscal year 2017. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 17, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\MAR2016\H22MR6.REC H22MR6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1514 March 22, 2016 
will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
PROMOTING WOMEN IN ENTREPRENEURSHIP ACT Ms. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4742) to authorize the National Science Foundation to support entre-preneurial programs for women. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4742 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds that— (1) women make up almost 50 percent of the workforce, but less than 25 percent of the workforce in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics (STEM) professions; (2) women are less likely to focus on the STEM disciplines in undergraduate and grad-uate study; (3) only 26 percent of women who do attain degrees in STEM fields work in STEM jobs; (4) there is an increasing demand for indi-viduals with STEM degrees to extend their focus beyond the laboratory so they can be leaders in discovery commercialization; (5) studies have shown that technology and commercialization ventures are successful when women are in top management posi-tions; and (6) the National Science Foundation’s mis-sion includes supporting women in STEM disciplines. 
SEC. 3. SUPPORTING WOMEN’S ENTREPRE-NEURIAL PROGRAMS. 
Section 33 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (10); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (11) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) encourage its entrepreneurial pro-grams to recruit and support women to ex-tend their focus beyond the laboratory and into the commercial world.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia). Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) and the gentle-woman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4742, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today to offer a bipartisan bill Ms. ESTYand I introduced, H.R. 4742, the Promoting Women in Entrepre-neurship Act. We were also joined by the chairman and ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, Congressman L
AMAR SMITH and Con-gresswoman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , who are original cosponsors of this measure. I am pleased that the consideration of this bill occurs during Women’s His-tory Month. Our bill amends the Science and Engineering Equal Oppor-tunities Act to authorize the National Science Foundation to use its entrepre-neurial programs to recruit women and to extend their focus beyond the lab-oratory and into the commercial world. The bill also includes a number of findings regarding women in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics fields, also known as the STEM fields. One finding in this bill notes that only 26 percent of women who attain degrees in STEM fields ultimately work in STEM jobs. We want to im-prove these statistics, and we believe this bill is a step in the right direction. Again, I am happy to collaborate with my colleague, Congresswoman E
STY, on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 4742, the Promoting Women in Entrepre-neurship Act. This bill would expand the mission of the National Science Foundation to support and strengthen women entrepreneurs. I drafted this legislation because we can and we must do more for women in science, tech-nology, engineering, and math, the so- called STEM fields, to extend their ef-forts beyond the laboratory and into the commercial world. Women have the potential to be re-markable entrepreneurs, job creators, and innovators. Unfortunately, women remain an underutilized force for start-ing small businesses that sustain the middle class. Women make up roughly half of the labor force. But according to the De-partment of Commerce, women only own 30 percent of private businesses in the United States. Why is it that women aren’t starting their own businesses more often? The sad truth is that women still face sig-nificant barriers to entrepreneurship, including limited access to capital, a lack of women mentors in STEM fields, often difficult or unmanageable expec-tations for work-life balance, and a subconscious bias against women in STEM. Now, an increasing number of women are earning STEM degrees. However, women are still largely underrep-resented in all STEM fields, including significantly the ones that have the highest entrepreneurship rates. For example, in 2012, women earned only one in five Ph.D.’s granted by U.S. institutions in computer science. We must do better at increasing represen-tation of women in all STEM fields. Now, I may be biased, but my own State of Connecticut is a great exam-ple of how far women can go with a STEM background. We have women engineers who are designing life-support packs for our as-tronauts at the International Space Station. We have women scientists conducting cutting-edge research in STEM cell work at Yukon and at Yale. We have women inventors and entre-preneurs making life-changing discov-eries and literally altering the course of history. We have wonderful local companies with women entrepreneurs, such as Bedoukian Research and Jonal Labs, who are not only creating qual-ity products, but are fostering the next generation of women leaders in STEM. I think we might have had one in the gallery who was excited about our in-troduction of this bill. It is not enough to promote women in STEM careers. We must also work to increase the number of women who be-come entrepreneurs. The benefits of en-couraging and supporting women en-trepreneurs could be tremendous. According to the Department of Com-merce, between 1997 and 2007, privately held women-owned businesses added 500,000 jobs. During that same period, other privately held firms lost over 2 million jobs. Women have unique experiences and perspectives to bring to the table. We simply cannot afford in this increas-ingly global economy to overlook the valuable and talented resource of over half our citizens. We must do more to promote women entrepreneurs and to better support women who are commercializing great ideas, starting small businesses, and creating jobs. I know, when I hear from the women and the men who are part of my STEM advisory committee in Connecticut about the challenges and, yet, the great opportunities that women in the STEM fields have to create the next new exciting business, develop the next new cure to help Americans. H.R. 4742 would help do that by sup-porting programs focused on helping more women, commercialize great ideas, start businesses, stimulate 21st century careers, and strengthen the middle class. I want to thank my colleagues on the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Ranking Mem-ber J
OHNSON , and Chairman S MITH, for working with us together on this bill. I ask my colleagues to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded not to make ref-erence to occupants of the gallery. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.025 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1515 March 22, 2016 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the major-ity leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, innovation rises up from all parts of this country. One of the main purposes of the Innovation Initiative is to empower people to make new discoveries and guide our country into the future. When we do that, we ensure America remains a global leader and everyone in America and abroad benefits. We have two bills today to build in-novation from the ground up, focusing on future women leaders in America. Because when you look back on his-tory, you see women at the forefront. You look at Grace Hopper, who was one of the first programmers of our earliest computers. Stephanie Kwolek invented Kevlar. Shirley Ann Jackson laid the foundation for amazing ad-vancements in communication, like fiber optic cables and portable fax ma-chines. These are all women who fueled posi-tive disruption with their ideas. This is the positive disruption America needs to prosper. So we should encourage a learning environment where young women con-tinue to have the opportunities to ex-plore the interests in STEM subjects. Today we will pass a bill by Con-gresswoman B
ARBARA COMSTOCK to en-able retired NASA astronauts, engi-neers, and scientists to work with fe-male STEM students who will lead the next generation. We are also voting to authorize the National Science Foundation to work with its entrepreneur programs to re-cruit more women who can be the top innovators in the lab and beyond. With these two items, the Innovation Initiative continues to empower the American people for the sake of the American people, removing obstacles to success while bringing innovation into government. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4742, the Promoting Women in Entre-preneurship Act. Mr. Speaker, for over the past year, STEM education has been a critical part of many debates we have had here on the House floor. We have discussed it in the context of reauthorization of critical education programs and with respect to how it can drive American innovation in re-search and technology. b1315 The discussion we are having here today—a dialogue as to how we can en-courage more women who wish to pur-sue a course of study in STEM fields to follow through beyond the classroom and build successful careers in science, math, and technology fields—is very important for economic growth in this country and to ensure young women help pioneer new innovation in this country for generations to come. We have heard the statistics, Mr. Speaker. Women make up half of the U.S. workforce and half of the college- educated workforce, yet only 26 per-cent of women who attain degrees in STEM fields end up working in STEM jobs. Mr. Speaker, that is why I rise today in strong support of this simple, com-monsense legislation. By encouraging entrepreneurial programs to recruit and support women to extend their focus beyond the laboratory and into the commercial world, we can take a significant step in the right direction. Further, by having this debate and discussion here today and by encour-aging all of our best and brightest to pursue the education and career path of their dreams, we are taking a nec-essary step to include this as part of our ongoing dialogue with respect to the delivery of STEM education in our classrooms and what it will take to de-velop American innovation for future generations. I would like to commend Representa-tive ESTY and Representative C OM-
STOCK for their efforts on this legisla-tion. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, as the mom of a daughter with a biology degree major and with a master’s de-gree in forensic science who is now working in the STEM fields, I ask that my colleagues support this bipartisan legislation to promote women in the workforce and in STEM fields. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4742 the ‘‘Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act.’’ As a Senior Member on the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security who sits on the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies, I know well of the need to encourage and train women to thrive in the Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) fields. Promoting diversity in the STEM professions is more than just an idea; it requires an under-standing that there is a need to have a proc-ess that will ensure the inclusion of all minori-ties and women in all areas of American life. Studies have found that women make up al-most 50 percent of the workforce. Studies note that 23 percent of STEM work-ers are women; however, women make up 48 percent of workers in all occupations. Only 26 percent of women who do attain degrees in STEM fields work in STEM jobs. According to the most recent available data women are less likely to focus on the STEM disciplines in undergraduate and graduate studies. In 1991, women received 29.6 percent of computer science B.A.’s, compared to just 18.2 percent in 2010. Jobs in computer systems design and re-lated services, a field dependent upon high- level math and problem-solving skills, are pro-jected to grow 45 percent between 2008 and 2018. There are approximately 6 million women and minority owned businesses in the United States, representing a significant aspect of our economy. My home city of Houston, Texas, the energy capital of the world, knows the importance of professionals in the STEM industries. It has been reported that the highest-paying STEM occupations are petroleum engineers with an annual salary of $147,520, architec-tural and engineering managers with an an-nual salary of $138,720, natural sciences managers with an annual salary of $136,450, computer and information systems managers with an annual salary of $136,280, and physi-cists with a reported annual salary of 117,300. There is an increasing demand for individ-uals with STEM degrees to extend their focus beyond the laboratory so they can be leaders in discovery and commercialization. Women deserve a fair shot in the STEM programs in this nation. In addition, I believe that work needs to be done to modernize key contracting develop-mental programs designed to increase oppor-tunities for women, minorities and low-income individuals who pursue STEM degrees and STEM job training. I support programs at the National Science Foundation that have worked to reduce the current barriers and ensure women have the support they need in the STEM fields. Mr. Speaker, we should encourage women to pursue degrees and careers in the STEM fields so we can continue to compete in the global economy. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4742, the Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act. Now more than ever STEM fields are dictating the way business in the United States is conducted. The successful commercialization of tech-nology has expanded opportunities for those with STEM degrees. It is imperative that we promote women as part of this crucial expan-sion in order to promote equality in the ad-vancing technological age. A Harvard Business Review article released last March described the top biases pushing women out of STEM fields. To women in any workplace this comes as no surprise. The con-stant need to prove ourselves more times over than our male counterparts, the tightrope of navigating a masculine workspace while hold-ing true to our feminine identity and, the gen-eral isolation of being a woman in a male- dominated field are all too common in today’s workplaces. In my District, Wayne State Uni-versity has a program called GO–GIRL, Gain-ing Options–Girls Investigate Real Life. The mission of this program is to increase the competence and confidence of adolescent girls by engaging them in experiences that promote an interest in STEM education while building their capacity to pursue STEM-related careers. While programs like this are currently helping girls nationwide, we must continue the progress that has been made and expand upon our success. The Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act amends Section 33 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act by includ-ing a key phrase that ‘‘encourage[s] its entre-preneurial programs to recruit and support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.027 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1516 March 22, 2016 
women to extend their focus beyond the lab-oratory and into the commercial world.’’ The commercialization of STEM fields has created a vast new sector of jobs and careers, a sec-tor that must include women professionals. This Act does just that, ensuring the inclusion of women in one of America’s most important and fast developing industries. I would like to close by saying that I am proud of our chamber for coming together to ensure that women continue to achieve suc-cess in STEM fields. I also want to thank my colleagues for considering two bills today that highlight the importance of reaching out to young women who otherwise may not be in-spired to pursue a career in a STEM-related field. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 4742, the Promoting Women in Entrepre-neurship Act. I thank my Science Committee colleagues Ms. E
STY, who authored the bill, and Research and Technology Subcommittee Chairwoman C
OMSTOCK for their initiative on this issue. H.R. 4742 authorizes the National Science Foundation (NSF) to use its existing entrepre-neurial programs to recruit and support women and help them develop their research and technology ideas for the marketplace. STEM education is critical to our country’s economy and global competitiveness. A well- educated and trained STEM workforce pro-motes our future economic prosperity. These STEM workers have the potential to develop technologies that could save thou-sands of lives, jump-start new industries, or even discover new worlds. That’s why I authored with Ms. E
STY the STEM Education Act, a new law that strength-ens science, technology, engineering and mathematics education efforts at federal science agencies. It also, for the first time, ex-pands the definition of STEM to include com-puter science. The bill was signed by the President last October. Unfortunately, studies show that only 26 percent of women who attain degrees in STEM fields work in STEM jobs. H.R. 4742 encourages NSF to tackle this problem. It enhances women’s ability to trans-late their enthusiasm, scientific expertise and research ideas into tangible products and businesses. Inspiring American students to seek science and math careers is a goal shared by Repub-licans and Democrats alike. Some of the most energizing and exciting moments of my Science Committee chairmanship have been interactions with young people who want to pursue STEM studies and careers. At various Committee hearings and robotics competitions in my district, I have encountered motivated, talented young people who want nothing more than an opportunity to pursue their dreams. And, in some cases, change the world with their ideas. Their passion for learning and science re-minds me of why I enjoy serving in Congress and on the Science Committee. I again thank Ms. E
STY and Chairwoman C
OMSTOCK for their work on this bill. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of H.R. 4742. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4742. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
INSPIRING THE NEXT SPACE PIO-NEERS, INNOVATORS, RE-SEARCHERS, AND EXPLORERS (INSPIRE) WOMEN ACT Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4755) to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4755 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Inspiring the Next Space Pioneers, Innovators, Re-searchers, and Explorers (INSPIRE) Women Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds that— (1) NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS are vir-tual mentoring programs using commer-cially available video chat programs to pair National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion mentors with young students anywhere in the country. NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS give young students the opportunity to interact and learn from real engineers, scientists, and technologists. (2) The Aspire to Inspire (A2I) program en-gages young girls to present science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) career opportunities through the real lives and jobs of early career women at NASA. (3) The Summer Institute in Science, Tech-nology, Engineering, and Research (SISTER) program at the Goddard Space Flight Center is designed to increase awareness of, and pro-vide an opportunity for, female middle school students to be exposed to and explore nontraditional career fields with Goddard Space Flight Center women engineers, math-ematicians, scientists, technicians, and re-searchers. 
SEC. 3. SUPPORTING WOMEN’S INVOLVEMENT IN THE FIELDS OF AEROSPACE AND SPACE EXPLORATION. 
The Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration shall en-courage women and girls to study science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, pursue careers in aerospace, and further ad-vance the Nation’s space science and explo-ration efforts through support of the fol-lowing initiatives: (1) NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS. (2) Aspire to Inspire. (3) Summer Institute in Science, Tech-nology, Engineering, and Research. 
SEC. 4. PLAN. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a plan for how NASA can best facilitate and support both current and retired astronauts, scientists, engineers, and innovators, includ-ing early career female astronauts, sci-entists, engineers, and innovators, to engage with K–12 female STEM students and inspire the next generation of women to consider participating in the fields of science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics and to pursue careers in aerospace. This plan shall— (1) report on existing activities with cur-rent and retired NASA astronauts, sci-entists, engineers, and innovators; (2) identify how NASA could best leverage existing authorities to facilitate and support current and retired astronaut, scientist, en-gineer, and innovator participation in NASA outreach efforts; (3) propose and describe a program specific to retired astronauts, scientists, engineers, and innovators; and (4) identify any additional authorities nec-essary to institute such a program. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) and the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4755, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise again to offer an-other bill, H.R. 4755, the INSPIRE Act. I am pleased to lead this effort along with the chairman and ranking mem-ber of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, L
AMAR SMITH and E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , as well as Congresswoman E
STY. This bill authorizes the NASA Ad-ministrator to encourage young women to study science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics, known as the STEM fields, and to pursue careers that will further advance America’s space science and exploration efforts through support of NASA initiatives, such as NASA GIRLS, Aspire 2 Inspire, and the Summer Institute in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Re-search, SISTER. The goal of NASA GIRLS is to create a virtual mentoring project that offers a one-of-a-kind experience to middle school students using online capabili-ties. I should mention there also is a NASA BOYS. NASA’s vision for Aspire 2 Inspire was to reach out to young girls and present some of the science, tech-nology, engineering, and math career opportunities through the real lives and jobs of early career women at NASA. The SISTER program is designed to increase awareness of and provide an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.010 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1517 March 22, 2016 
opportunity for female middle school students to be exposed to and explore nontraditional career fields with God-dard Space Flight Center women engi-neers, mathematicians, scientists, technicians, and researchers. According to NASA, 58 women have traveled in space. Forty-nine of those have flown with NASA. Most Ameri-cans are familiar with Sally Ride, the first American woman in space. We all remember that special moment when this true trailblazer literally raised the bar of achievement to new heights. She accomplished this milestone in 1983. In a lecture she gave at Berkeley later, Ride said she saw an ad for being an astronaut in the student newspaper. She said: ‘‘The moment I saw that ad, I knew that’s what I wanted to do.’’ Now, imagine how so many young girls can now see so many other women and be exposed to that kind of leader-ship. We cannot discuss female firsts in space without also discussing Mae Jemison, who was the first African American woman in space, also an in-spired leader. She was inspired by Sally Ride’s achievement; so, she applied to the as-tronaut program in 1983. It was 4 long years before she received the call from NASA, and she was selected as one of 15 candidates out of roughly 2,000 appli-cants. Her trip to space was aboard the En-deavor in 1992. She served as a mission specialist on STS–47, which was a coop-erative mission between the U.S. and Japan, during which 44 life science and materials processing experiments were conducted. STS–47 also happened to be the 50th shuttle mission for NASA. Later in 1995, it was Eileen Collins who became the first female to com-mand and pilot a spacecraft, STS–63. She also commanded two more space missions, one in 1997 aboard STS–84, and one in 2005 aboard STS–114. This mission, STS–114, was another first, as she became the first astro-naut—male or female—to fly a space shuttle through a 360-degree pitch ma-neuver so that individuals inside the International Space Station could in-spect the belly of the shuttle for dam-age. When asked to give advice for future astronauts, Collins stated: ‘‘My advice to young people is go into the field you are most interested in. If you love your job, you’ll do well in your job.’’ I know, Mr. Speaker, from my Young Women Leadership Program, where we are able to get young girls in junior high and high school to come and hear from young leaders, hearing from these young astronauts—which we have been privileged to hear from often about all their work and the many different areas that they work in—has been one of the most popular programs. There are many other women who have contributed to America’s space- related endeavors, and we want to con-tinue to make sure that that path is widened for them. These women are physicists, chem-ists, pilots, astronauts, doctors, biolo-gists. The list goes on. According to the women@nasa Web site today, there are more opportunities than ever be-fore to join as we reach for the stars. I urge you to visit the Web site—it is women.nasa.gov—to learn more. It is in these areas in the sciences that we can help ensure America remains a world leader. These are the jobs for the 21st cen-tury that we very much want young American women to be engaged and in-volved in. I urge my colleagues to sup-port the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 4755, the Inspiring the Next Space Pioneers, Innovators, Researchers, and Explorers Women Act. This bill calls on the NASA Adminis-trator to support initiatives that en-courage girls and young women to study STEM fields and pursue careers in aerospace. Unfortunately, women are still underrepresented in many STEM fields, including aerospace, but NASA is working hard to change that. They have developed a number of in-novative programs that aim to inspire and encourage young girls and women to pursue STEM degrees and STEM ca-reers. These include the NASA GIRLS pro-gram, the Aspire 2 Inspire program, and the Summer Institute in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Re-search, or SISTER, program. The NASA GIRLS program is a vir-tual mentoring program where middle school students are mentored by NASA employees online. The Aspire 2 Inspire program is an-other online program where girls and young women can watch films of women who have exciting careers at NASA. This program gives young girls a firsthand look at what a STEM ca-reer at NASA could actually entail. The Summer Institute in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Re-search, the so-called SISTER program, is an intensive 1-week program where middle school girls can explore careers in science, technology, engineering, and math fields with NASA women re-searchers. It is almost impossible to overstate the value of exposing young students to STEM role models who look like them. I have seen the impact that a single encounter can have on a young person when I helped arrange a direct link be-tween an astronaut and 3,000 students in my district when he was in the International Space Station. It was electric and exciting and in-spired everyone in that room to think about reaching beyond what they had seen and what they knew. Without these sorts of experiences, students, especially young girls, may think careers in STEM fields are not available to them. I am particularly supportive of this bill because it has a focus on middle school girls. Research has shown that this is a crucial time to engage girls in considering pursuing careers in science. I have to say I myself got inspired to pursue more about science when, as a middle schooler, I was at camp and joined my fellow campers staring up at the Moon for the first spacewalk and landing on the Moon. So I know the impact that this can have on a 12- or 13-year-old. H.R. 4755 instructs the NASA Admin-istrator to support these programs and other programs that encourage women and girls to study science, technology, engineering, and math, as well as to pursue careers in aerospace. The bill also calls on NASA to sub-mit a plan to Congress on how it can best facilitate and support current and retired astronauts, scientists, engi-neers, and innovators to engage girls studying STEM at the K–12 grade lev-els. Although retired astronauts, sci-entists, and engineers can help inspire the next generation of NASA sci-entists, early career women—astro-nauts, scientists, engineers and innovators—are really instrumental to the success of this plan. It is really invaluable for young women to have experiences interacting with role models who are close to their age who are pursuing careers in the STEM fields. I really want to thank my Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology colleagues—the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) for her leadership on this bill; the gentle-woman from Massachusetts (Ms. Clark); the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), the ranking member; and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the chair-man—for joining together in bringing this bill to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this bill. Seeing as we have no other speakers on this side, I am pre-pared to close. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, while overall employ-ment is only projected to grow by 10 percent between 2008 and 2018, careers in STEM-related fields are expected to grow at a much faster rate of 17 per-cent over that same time period. Unfortunately, current statistics show that women are less likely to focus on STEM-related studies in col-lege and, of the women who pursue these areas of study, only 26 percent will ultimately work in STEM-related fields. Recognizing the need not only for more women in the workforce, but for women to be leaders in the workforce, particularly in the STEM fields, I es-tablished the Young Women Leadership Program, which I previously men-tioned, where we have been so thrilled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.030 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1518 March 22, 2016 
to be able to have astronauts come and speak and other people in the science and STEM-related fields and aerospace. This has been an effective tool in guiding young women into STEM fields. I appreciate the opportunity today to join with my colleague, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY), to support both of these bills. I ask you to support H.R. 4755, the In-spiring the Next Space Pioneers, Innovators, Researchers, and Explorers Women Act, or INSPIRE Act. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4755, the Inspiring the Next Space Pioneers, Innovators, Research-ers, and Explorers Women Act (INSPIRE Act). As a senior member of the House of Rep-resentatives who has served on the House Committee on Science I am well aware of the excellent work that NASA has done to bring diversity to the space program. Houston, where my district is located, is proud that the Johnson Center calls our city home. Earlier this year, I offered two amendments that were adopted for inclusion in H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act, which improve diversity in fu-ture space programs. One Jackson Lee Amendment facilitates the participation of HBCUs, Hispanic Serving Insti-tutions; National Indian institutions, in fellow-ships, work-study, and employment opportuni-ties in the emerging commercial space indus-try. The second Jackson Lee Amendment re-quires work with small business concerns owned and controlled by women and minori-ties. One of the most enduring difficulties faced by underrepresented populations in the STEM field is a lack of awareness and understanding of the connection between STEM and employ-ment opportunities. In 2012, a survey found that despite the na-tion’s growing demand for more workers in science, technology, engineering, and math grows, the skills gap among the largest ethnic and racial minorities groups remain stubbornly wide. Blacks and Latinos account for only 7 per-cent, of the STEM workforce despite rep-resenting 28 percent of the U.S. population. I have worked hard to help small business owners to fully realize their potential. That is why I support entrepreneurial devel-opment programs, including the Small Busi-ness Development Center and Women’s Busi-ness Center programs. Statistics show that women remain under-represented in the science and engineering workforce, although to a lesser degree than in the past, with the greatest disparities occurring in engineering, computer science, and the physical sciences (NSF, Science & Engineer-ing Indicators, 2014). Female scientists and engineers are con-centrated in different occupations than are men, with relatively high shares of women in the social sciences (58 percent); biological and medical sciences (48 percent); relatively low shares in engineering (13 percent); com-puter and mathematical sciences (25 percent) (NSF, Science & Engineering Indicators, 2014). According to the U.S. Labor Department, al-though women make up nearly 50% of the total U.S. workforce their representation in science and engineering occupations is much less. 39 percent of chemists and material sci-entists are women; 27.9 percent of environ-mental scientists and geoscientists are women; 15.6 percent of chemical engineers are women; 12.1 percent of civil engineers are women; 8.3 percent of electrical and elec-tronics engineers are women; 17.2 percent of industrial engineers are women; and 7.2 per-cent of mechanical engineers are women. These statistics show that measures need to be taken in order to promote women partici-pation in the fields of science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics and to pursue ca-reers in aerospace. H.R. 4755 is intended to establish paths for success at NASA for girls and boys, such as establishing. The following programs: NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS, virtual mentoring programs, that give young students the oppor-tunity to interact and learn from real engi-neers, scientists, and technologists; Aspire to Inspire (A2I) program, which engages young girls to present science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics STEM career opportuni-ties through the real lives and jobs of early ca-reer women at NASA; and Summer Institute in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Re-search (SISTER) program at the Goddard Space Flight Center, which is designed to in-crease awareness of, and provide an oppor-tunity for, female middle school students to be exposed to and explore nontraditional career fields with Goddard Space Flight Center women engineers, mathematicians, scientists, technicians, and researchers. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to pass H.R. 4755. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, science, technology, engineering and math are critical to America’s future prosperity. Women are unfortunately underrepresented in STEM careers. Despite representing nearly half of the college-educated and total U.S. workforce, women account for less than 25 percent of America’s STEM workforce. Supporting women’s involvement in the fields of aerospace and space exploration should be an important part of NASA’s mis-sion. Current NASA programs such as NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS are important and give young students the opportunity to interact and learn from real NASA engineers, sci-entists, and technologists. They provide virtual mentoring that use commercially available video chat programs to pair NASA innovators with young students across the country. H.R. 4755 builds upon this success. It leverages NASA’s talent pool of current and retired astronauts, and early career female sci-entists, engineers, and innovators to inform and inspire young women to pursue their dreams in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. One day, these young peo-ple will push the boundaries of space. Space can be a catalyst for inspiring young girls to enter the STEM fields. By doing our part to support their engagement in space with this legislation, we are investing in the futures of our daughters, nieces, and grandchildren. I again want to thank the bill sponsor, Re-search and Technology Subcommittee Chair-woman C
OMSTOCK for her leadership on this topic. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4755. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1330 OCMULGEE MOUNDS NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK BOUNDARY REVISION ACT OF 2016 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 482) to redesignate Ocmulgee National Monument in the State of Georgia and revise its boundary, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 482 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Re-vision Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the map en-titled ‘‘Ocmulgee National Monument Proposed Boundary Adjustment, numbered 363/125996’’, and dated January 2016. (2) H
ISTORICAL PARK .—The term ‘‘Historical Park’’ means the Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park in the State of Georgia, as redes-ignated in section 3. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. OCMULGEE MOUNDS NATIONAL HISTOR-ICAL PARK. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Ocmulgee National Monument, established pursuant to the Act of June 14, 1934 (48 Stat. 958), shall be known and designated as ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National His-torical Park’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to ‘‘Ocmulgee Na-tional Monument’’, other than in this Act, shall be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park’’. 
SEC. 4. BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The boundary of the Histor-ical Park is revised to include approximately 2,100 acres, as generally depicted on the map. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP.—The map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service, the Department of the Interior. 
SEC. 5. LAND ACQUISITION; NO BUFFER ZONES. 
(a) L ANDACQUISITION .—The Secretary is au-thorized to acquire land and interests in land within the boundaries of the Historical Park by donation or exchange only (and in the case of an exchange, no payment may be made by the Secretary to any landowner). The Secretary may not acquire by condemnation any land or interest in land within the boundaries of the Historical Park. No private property or non- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.031 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1519 March 22, 2016 
Federal public property shall be included within the boundaries of the Historical Park without the written consent of the owner of such prop-erty. (b) N
OBUFFER ZONES.—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Historical Park, or the management of the Historical Park shall be con-strued to create buffer zones outside of the His-torical Park. That an activity or use can be seen or heard from within the Historical Park shall not preclude the conduct of that activity or use outside the Historical Park. 
SEC. 6. ADMINISTRATION. 
The Secretary shall administer any land ac-quired under section 5 as part of the Historical Park in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
SEC. 7. OCMULGEE RIVER CORRIDOR SPECIAL RE-SOURCE STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct a special resource study of the Ocmulgee River corridor between the cities of Macon, Georgia, and Hawkinsville, Georgia, to determine— (1) the national significance of the study area; (2) the suitability and feasibility of adding lands in the study area to the National Park System; and (3) the methods and means for the protection and interpretation of the study area by the Na-tional Park Service, other Federal, State, local government entities, affiliated federally recog-nized Indian tribes, or private or nonprofit orga-nizations. (b) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary shall conduct the study authorized by this Act in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (c) R
ESULTS OF STUDY .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are made available to carry out this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate— (1) the results of the study; and (2) any findings, conclusions, and rec-ommendations of the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
TEWART ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 482, introduced by Representative S
ANFORD BISHOP of Georgia, would redesignate the Ocmulgee National Monument in Geor-gia as the Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park and adjust the bound-ary of the historical park to include approximately 2,100 new acres. Additionally, the bill directs the De-partment of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the feasibility of adding the Ocmulgee River corridor to the National Park Service. The study will also examine the national significance of the site, as well as the best methods and means for ensuring protection and interpretation of this area. This bill passed out of the committee by unanimous consent, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of its pas-sage today. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time he may consume to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ). Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 482, the Ocmulgee Mounds Na-tional Historical Park Boundary Revi-sion Act of 2016. First, I want to thank the coauthor of this legislation, my friend and col-league, Representative A
USTIN SCOTT. He has been a tireless advocate on be-half of this legislation, and we would not be where we are today without his help, advice, and collaboration. I would also like to thank Chairman R
OBBISHOP and Ranking Member G RI-
JALVA of the full House Natural Re-sources Committee for their work in bringing this bill to the House floor this afternoon. Chairman T
OM MCCLINTOCK and Ranking Member N
IKITSONGAS of the Federal Lands Subcommittee have been extremely helpful, and I want to commend them and their staffs, espe-cially Terry Camp and Brandon Bragato, for their efforts. Mr. Speaker, there are few, if any, historic sites in the United States that have evidence of continuous human habitation from so long ago, when the first nomadic people came to North America to hunt Ice Age mammals and began to settle the Macon Plateau. It is what makes the Ocmulgee Na-tional Monument so unique. On its 702 acres, one can find archeological evi-dence from these first nomads, the mound builders of the Mississippian Period, British traders of the late 17th century, and the Civil War. Our bipartisan legislation consists of three parts. First, it will expand the boundaries from approximately 702 acres to over 2,800 acres, providing pro-tection to additional archeological re-sources, linking two noncontiguous areas, and improving the site’s connec-tion to the city of Macon-Bibb, Geor-gia. Most of the land will be donated from nonprofit associations and government agencies. Property would also be ac-quired only from willing donors or sell-ers, subject to the availability of fund-ing. Second, the bill will change the name from Ocmulgee National Monument to Ocmulgee Mounds National Historic Park, which would increase name rec-ognition and draw additional visitors from across the country. Finally, H.R. 482 would authorize a resources study to explore the possi-bility of expanding the park even fur-ther and include additional opportuni-ties for hunting, camping, fishing, and other recreational activities. The legislation enjoys widespread local support, including Macon-Bibb Mayor Robert Reichert, the Macon- Bibb Chamber of Commerce, the Macon-Bibb Business Bureau, the Macon-Bibb Commission, the Macon- Bibb Economic Development Commis-sion, the Ocmulgee National Park and Preserve Association, and the Inter- Tribal Council of the Five Civilized Tribes: Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Muscogee (Creek), and Seminole. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  letters in support of this legislation. 
OFFICE OF THE MAYOR , Macon-Bibb County, June 12, 2015. Re HR–482 Ocmulgee Mounds National His-toric Park Boundary Revision Act of 2015. Hon. T
OMMCCLINTOCK , Chairman, Subcommittee on Public Lands and Environmental, House Committee of Natural Resources, Washington, DC. Hon. N
IKITSONGAS , Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Public Lands and Environmental, House Com-mittee of Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCLINTOCK AND MS. T
SONGAS : Please accept this letter as an en-thusiastic endorsement of HR–482! Ocmulgee National Monument became a part of the Na-tional Park Service in the 1930’s after an ar-cheological excavation revealed evidence of continual human habitation since the last ice age, 12–14,000 years ago. In addition, Na-tive Americans built an earthen floor council chamber which is now 1,000 years old and is one of the best surviving examples of their culture. On behalf of the 155,000 people living in Macon-Bibb County and the 122,799 people from 48 states and 41 countries covering six continents that visited the Ocmulgee Na-tional Monument last year, I am writing to urge you to support HR–482 when it comes before your subcommittee on June 16. Its passage would: Expand the park boundary to more than 2,000 acres from its current 700 acres; and in-clude additional artifacts and sites which de-serve federal protection; (There is no federal funding for land acquisition; this bill merely authorizes inclusion of additional property that may be voluntarily contributed or ac-quired with private funds into the boundary of the Park.) Change the name from Ocmulgee National Monument to ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historic Park’’ to better describe the site; Authorize a resource study (again to be privately funded) to determine if the Park could be incorporated, along with other prop-erties, into a Natural Preserve along the Ocmulgee River to provide hunting and fish-ing opportunities and promote environ-mental education, health and wellness, and public enjoyment. The expansion and reclassification of the National Monument went through a very highly-publicized community input process, and it was overwhelmingly supported by thousands of people from our community, our region, and our state. We know the peo-ple of Georgia are excited and anxious to take this step and have this treasure in their backyard, both for their own enjoyment and for the enjoyment of their families, friends and visitors. The expansion of the Ocmulgee National Monument would be a very positive develop-ment for our entire region, and it is one of several initiatives Macon-Bibb County is un-dertaking to provide additional green space 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.013 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1520 March 22, 2016 
and passive recreational opportunities with-in our community. This effort is so impor-tant to us. It is one of our top projects de-tailed in our new government’s first Stra-tegic Plan, HR–482 will be a significant part of, not only preserving and protecting our heritage, but also, developing miles of trail, greenspace, and a park along our Ocmulgee River. Your support of this legislation will dramatically improve Middle Georgia, and I hope it will receive your favorable consider-ation, Thank you. Yours truly, R
OBERT A. B. R EICHERT , Mayor. 
OCMULGEE NATIONAL  P
ARK& PRESERVE INITIATIVE , Macon, GA, June 12, 2015. Please support HR 482: The Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Bound-ary Revision Act of 2015. D
EAR MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE SUB-
COMMITTEE ON FEDERAL LANDS : The Ocmulgee National Park & Preserve Initia-tive (ONPPI) is a community-based group of Middle Georgia citizens working together to further protect the current Ocmulgee Na-tional Monument and eventually expand the current site into the first National Park and Preserve east of the Mississippi River. I am writing on behalf of myself and our 190 mem-bers to urge your support of HR 482: The Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2015, when it comes before the subcommittee on Tuesday, June 16th. HR 482 would: 1) expand the current park boundary from approximately 700 acres to over 2,000 acres; 2) change the name from ‘‘Ocmulgee National Monument’’ to ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park’’; and 3) authorize a resource study to determine if the park should be expanded further to consolidate existing public lands, protect hunting, and fishing, and provide ad-ditional opportunities for education, recre-ation and public enjoyment. The Ocmulgee National Monument was au-thorized by Congress in 1934 to protect a unique Native American cultural landscape that the National Trust for Historic Preser-vation has declared as ranking among the nation’s richest archaeological areas. Unfor-tunately, when the park was created during the Great Depression, only a fraction of the area could be preserved and many significant resources were left unprotected. The current bill seeks to fulfill the original intent of Congress by preserving a larger portion of the area. This legislation has already received the endorsement of over 15 local governments, chambers of commerce, and other civic orga-nizations in Georgia as they all recognize the potential economic impact for their commu-nity and the state. In addition, resolutions of support have been passed by Oklahoma’s Muscogee Creek Nation, as well as the Inter- Tribal Council of the Five Civilized Tribes (Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Muscogee (Creek), and Seminole Nations), representing more than 500,000 Indian people across the United States. As you may know, Georgia’s National Park units are major drivers of the state’s recre-ation and tourism economy. In 2013, they at-tracted nearly 7.5 million visitors and gen-erated over $375 million in visitor spending. The National Parks receive just 1/15th of 1– percent of the federal budget, or around $3 billion annually, yet the parks generate over $30 billion in economic activity related to travel, tourism, and outdoor recreation, drawing visitors from around the globe to local gateway communities. HR 482 will honor the ancestral story of the Muscogee Creek and other southeastern Native peoples, will promote tourism and boost economic growth, and will provide new opportunities for education and public enjoy-ment. For these reasons, we urge you to co- sponsor and support passage of this bill. Thank you for your kind consideration of this request. Sincerely, BRIAN P. A DAMS , President, Board of Directors, Ocmulgee National Park & Preserve Initiative. 
SEPTEMBER 1, 2015. Hon. T
OMMCCLINTOCK , Chairman, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, House Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
IKITSONGAS , Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, House Committee on Natural Re-sources, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCLINTOCK AND RANKING  M
EMBER TSONGAS : I write in support of H.R. 482, the Ocmulgee Mounds National Histor-ical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2015, This important piece of legislation would, if enacted: 1) rename and give National Histor-ical Park status to the Ocmulgee National Monument; 2) considerably expand the park’s boundaries; and 3) commission a special re-source study of the Ocmulgee corridor that focuses on how best to protect and develop this area of land in the future, and in such a way as to allow for expanded recreational ac-tivities such as hunting and fishing. Because of its rich archeological signifi-cance—which chronicles the history of man and womankind from the last Ice Age, through the Mound Builder period, and on-wards to today—this land should be pre-served so that future generations can learn from, and enjoy, its cultural treasures. And for many southeastern Native peoples, in-cluding the Muscogee (Creek), who were forc-ibly removed from these lands and relocated to the West, this land is of inestimable value. In fact, in October of 2014, the Inter- Tribal Council of the Five Civilized Tribes (Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Muscogee (Creek), and Seminole Nations), representing over 500,000 Indian people throughout the United States, voiced its support of the measures in this Act. Accordingly, I urge you to help ensure that this legislation is enacted. Thank you for your time and consideration. Sincerely, M
ARYFALLIN , Governor of the State of Oklahoma. 
STATE OF GEORGIA , O
FFICE OF THE GOVERNOR , Atlanta 30334–0900, August 26. 2015. Hon. T
OMMCCLINTOCK , Chairman, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, House Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
IKITSONGAS , Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, House Committee on Natural Re-sources, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCLINTOCK AND RANKING  M
EMBER TSONGAS : I am writing at the re-quest of Congressman Austin Scott and Con-gressman Sanford Bishop, in my capacity as Governor of Georgia, to express my support for H.R. 482, the ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2015’’ and to request your careful consider-ation and approval of this legislation. The Ocmulgee National Monument, au-thorized by Congress in 1934 and created by land donations in 1936, preserves the unique Native American history of the southeast, documenting 17,000 years of human presence in the region, from the last Ice Age, up through the era of the Mississippian mound builders, and on into the periods of Spanish exploration, English colonization, and the early American frontier. In addition to this incredible history, Georgia’s national park units are important drivers of a State recre-ation and tourism economy that is valued at roughly $24 billion annually. The bipartisan bill now before Congress will achieve numerous goals supported by the State, including the following. Enhanced historical preservation for ex-ceptional cultural resources in a place de-scribed by the National Trust for Historic Preservation as ranking among the nation’s richest archaeological areas, thereby hon-oring the ancestral story of the Muscogee Creek and other southeastern Native peo-ples. Re-designation of the unit as a National Historical Park, increasing the park’s name recognition and the region’s standing as a national and international travel destina-tion, and enriching recreational amenities and the quality of life for Georgia residents and military personnel stationed at nearby Robins Air Force Base; all in keeping with actions outlined in Georgia’s Statewide Comprehensive Outdoor Recreation Plan (SCORP). Augmented protection within an extended area of important wildlife habitat and nat-ural resources that has been identified as one of the highest priority landscapes for con-servation under Georgia’s State Wildlife Ac-tion Plan (SWAP). Authorization of a special resource study of the Ocmulgee River corridor between the cities of Macon and Hawkinsville that will, among other things, provide a mechanism for examining options to safeguard public hunting areas and hunting as an important recreational activity, as well as ways that conservation of public hunting lands might contribute toward enhancing base-compat-ible land use along the eastern boundary of Robins Air Force Base, ensuring its contin-ued viability as a regional military and eco-nomic hub; all in conformity with resolu-tions passed by both chambers of the Georgia General Assembly in 2004 (Georgia HR 1256 & SR 755), urging ‘‘. . . the Congress of the United States to consider creating a national preserve . . . to protect land and other nat-ural resources and promote hunting and fish-ing . . . in a continuous corridor of the Ocmulgee and Altamaha Rivers . . .’’ Responsiveness to resolutions and letters in support of H.R. 482 submitted by the fol-lowing entities: the City of Macon—Bibb County Commis-sion & Mayor, the City of Centerville Council & Mayor, the City of Perry Council & Mayor, the City of Hawkinsville Commission, the City of Warner Robins Council & Mayor, the Wilkinson County Board of Commis-sioners, the City of Jeffersonville & Twiggs County Development Authority, the Middle Georgia Regional Commission, the Peach County Development Authority; the Greater Macon Chamber of Commerce, the City of Hawkinsville—Pulaski County Chamber of Commerce, the Georgia Small Business Lender Board of Directors, the Houston County Development Author-ity, the Historic Macon Foundation, the City of Macon—Bibb County Urban De-velopment Authority, the Southeast Tourism Society, the Macon-Bibb County Convention & Visi-tors Bureau, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.028 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1521 March 22, 2016 
the Macon Economic Development Com-mission, and NewTown Macon; as well as resolutions passed by the fol-lowing tribal governmental organizations in Oklahoma representing over 500,000 Indian people throughout the United States: the Muscogee (Creek) Nation, and the Inter-Tribal Council of the Five Civ-ilized Tribes. In closing, companion legislation to H.R. 482 has been introduced in the United States Senate (S. 1696) by senior Georgia Senator Johnny Isakson and co-sponsored by Geor-gia’s junior Senator David Perdue (S. 1696). In view of this extraordinary level of sup-port, I ask for your assistance in gaining the timely enactment of H.R. 482. Thank you for your consideration. N
ATHAN DEAL. 
GREATER MACON  C
HAMBER OF COMMERCE , Macon, Georgia, June 11, 2015. Hon. T
OMMCCLINTOCK , Chairman, Subcommittee on Public Lands and Environmental Protection, House Committee of Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCLINTOCK : I am writing in strong support of H.R. 482, the Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2015 which states that the Ocmulgee National Monument shall be known and designated as ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park’’. The boundary of the Historical Park will be revised to include approximately 2,100 acres and will provide protection of impor-tant archaeological resources. This revision will provide additional recreational opportu-nities, leading to increased visitation thus more economic impact. Macon citizens are understandably proud to have this grand park within the city limits, and are thankful that city leaders realized the importance of the mounds back in 1936. That was the year that the Ocmulgee National Monument was established as a memorial to some of the original settlers on the North American con-tinent. We believe that adding the word ‘‘mounds’’ to the monument’s name will help Americans more quickly understand the monument’s connection to the Mississip-pians and later, to the Creeks. After all, it is ‘‘mounds’’ that attract visitors who come to learn about the cultures that were here hun-dreds of years before the Europeans came. Recently the National Park Service did an economic impact study based on Ocmulgee’s 2014 visitation and determined that the park had a $6,887,000 impact on our local commu-nity. Macon and its people are proud of the Monument, and we believe that this change will help encourage even more tourism and economic activity in the area. The Chamber fully supports H. R. 482 and appreciates your support as well. Sincerely, J
AMES M. D YER, President & CEO. 
THEINTER -TRIBAL COUNCIL OF THE FIVE C
IVILIZED TRIBES  
A RESOLUTION SUPPORTING UNITED STATES NA -
TIONAL PARK SERVICE ’S EXPANSION OF  
OCMULGEE NATIONAL MONUMENT AND RE -
QUESTING CONGRESSIONAL ENACTMENT OF AU -
THORIZED LEGISLATION  Resolution No. 14–31 Whereas, the Inter-Tribal Council of the Five Civilized Tribes (ITC) is an organization that unites the tribal governments of the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Muscogee (Creek), and Seminole Nations, representing over 500,000 Indian people throughout the United States; and Whereas, the ITC strongly supports actions of its member nations to preserve and to pro-tect historic properties and traditional cul-tural properties within respective ancestral homelands in the American Southeast; and Whereas, the historic Ocmulgee Old Fields, an expansive, culturally defining historic landscape on the Fall-line of the Ocmulgee River at Macon, Georgia is of significant im-portance to the Muscogee (Creek) people; and Whereas, the United States Congress, in recognition of the significance of the many historic Muscogean properties existing with-in the Ocmulgee Old Fields region, in 1934, authorized the United States National Park Service to establish the Ocmulgee National Monument as a means to preserve the his-toric landscape; and Whereas, in 1966 the Ocmulgee National Monument was listed on the National Reg-ister of Historic Places; and Whereas, in 1997 the National Park Service designated the Ocmulgee National Monu-ment as a Traditional Cultural Property and the first recognized Traditional Cultural Property east of the Mississippi River; and Whereas, the National Historic Preserva-tion Act of 1966, was amended in 1992 to en-sure that Tribes are provided a meaningful role in federal decisions under Section 106 of the Act; and Whereas, the National Park Service has now introduced legislation within both houses of the United States Congress re-questing authorization to extend its protec-tive stewardship over a broader area of the historic Ocmulgee Old Fields through its proposed incorporation of 2100 acres of the Ocmulgee Old Fields landscape into the Ocmulgee National Monument; and Whereas, the Government of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation has determined that the pro-posed National Park Service expansion of the Ocmulgee National Monument boundary within the historic Ocmulgee Old Fields re-gion is consistent with and is in accord with preservation interests within the Ocmulgee Old Fields; and Whereas, the Government of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation has supported the proposed National Park Service expansion of the Ocmulgee National Monument and is now en-gaged in active support for legislation pend-ing in Congress to authorize said action. Now therefore be it resolved that, the ITC does hereby support the proposed National Park Service expansion of the geographic boundaries of the Ocmulgee National Monu-ment within the historic Ocmulgee Old Fields region and hereby requests of the United States Congress deliberate and quick action toward enacting authorizing legisla-tion. CERTIFICATION  The foregoing resolution was adopted by the Inter-Tribal Council of the Five Civilized Tribes meeting in Durant, Oklahoma on this 10th day of October, 2014, by a vote of 5 for, 0 against, and 0 abstentions. B
ILLANOATUBBY , Governor, The Chicka-saw Nation. G
ARYBATTON , Chief, Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma. B
ILLJOHNBAKER , Principal Chief, Cher-okee Nation. G
EORGE TIGER, Principal Chief, Muscogee (Creek) Nation. L
EONARD M. H ARJO, Principal Chief, Semi-nole Nation of Okla-homa. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. In short, I believe that H.R. 482 will strengthen the current Ocmulgee National Monu-ment and bolster the economy and cul-tural life of Georgia, and beyond. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
US-
TINSCOTT), my friend and the cospon-sor of this measure. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 482, the Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Act of 2016. I would like to thank my colleague, Congressman S
ANFORD BISHOP of Geor-gia. We have had many meetings in Washington, as well as back in the dis-trict, on this particular issue. Cer-tainly I have enjoyed working with him on it. Today’s vote marks an important milestone in many years of effort to bring about increased recognition and enhance cultural preservation of the Ocmulgee National Monument. The Ocmulgee National Monument was originally authorized by Congress in 1934 to protect the Old Ocmulgee Fields, which includes a network of very well-preserved Indian mounds of great historical importance. The his-tory of the fields can be traced back to Native Americans who first came to the site during the Paleo-Indian period to hunt Ice Age mammals. The park is unique in that it vividly displays the story of many stages of prehistoric cultural development, in-cluding the Mound Builder period, and highlights the important role of agri-culture in the region. I am proud to represent this area of middle Georgia, along with Congress-man S
ANFORD BISHOP . Our offices have worked, along with many regional community partners, to advance this goal. By expanding the current Ocmulgee National Monument from 700 acres to over 2,000 acres and redesignating the area as a National Historic Park, this legislation will provide significant eco-nomic, educational, and cultural bene-fits to middle Georgia. Additionally, H.R. 482 will reauthor-ize a study for future expansions and include increased opportunities for hunting, fishing, camping, and other recreational activities. The expansion of the Ocmulgee Na-tional Monument area provides for critical preservation of additional ar-cheological locations through the Old Ocmulgee Fields. Because of its signifi-cant historical and archeological im-portance, the future Ocmulgee Mounds National Historic Park must be pre-served. The expanded park also will generate additional tourism in middle Georgia, while educating visitors on the fas-cinating history of the many civiliza-tions that have thrived in the region. However, it should be noted that the property in the proposed expansion area would be acquired only from will-ing donors or sellers using private 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.023 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1522 March 22, 2016 
funds, and that no Federal dollars will be used to achieve expansion. I want to take this time to thank Chairman B
ISHOP and Ranking Member G
RIJALVA , as well as all the members of the House Committee on Natural Re-sources, for their work to bring this legislation to the floor today. I want to close by noting that this legislation is a true example of what can be achieved when local, State, and Federal leaders work together towards a common goal. The Ocmulgee Mounds National His-torical Park Boundary Act was created from the ground up with many letters of support from the Macon-Bibb area and well over 3,000 comments from in-dividuals and community groups in support of the expansion. Without this collaboration at every level, none of this would be possible. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 482, the Ocmulgee Mounds Na-tional Historical Park Boundary Act of 2016. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, due to its rich and di-verse history, it is really only fitting that the future Ocmulgee Mounds Na-tional Historical Park be preserved as a lasting memorial to the native cul-tures, historic structures, and priceless natural resources that reside on the land. I want to thank Representative S
AN-
FORD BISHOP , who worked in partner-ship with Representative A
USTIN  S
COTT—both of Georgia—for their work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to recommend this bill to the House, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 482, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AMENDMENT TO COLTSVILLE NA-TIONAL HISTORICAL PARK DO-NATION SITE Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2857) to facilitate the addi-tion of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2857 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. AMENDMENT TO COLTSVILLE NA-TIONAL HISTORICAL PARK DONA-TION SITE. 
Section 3032(b) of Public Law 113–291 (16 U.S.C. 410qqq) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘East Ar-mory’’ and inserting ‘‘Colt Armory Complex’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL ADMINISTRATIVE CONDI -
TIONS .—No non-Federal property may be in-cluded in the park without the written consent of the owner. The establishment of the park or the management of the park shall not be con-strued to create buffer zones outside of the park. That activities or uses can be seen, heard or de-tected from areas within the park shall not pre-clude, limit, control, regulate, or determine the conduct or management of activities or uses out-side of the park.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2857, introduced by Representative J
OHN LARSON of Con-necticut, modifies a condition that the Park Service acquire 10,000 square feet of space in East Armory to allow the NPS to acquire that space within any part of the Colt Armory Complex in Hartford, Connecticut. Coltsville was the home of Samuel Colt’s industrial enterprise, the Colt Firearms Company. In Hartford, Sam-uel Colt developed the use of the as-sembly line and highly mechanized techniques. Colt Manufacturing not only transformed the firearms indus-try, but was a major contributor to the industrial revolution by pioneering the use of interchangeable parts and preci-sion manufacturing. This small modification to current law would provide the Park Service flexibility in selecting a location for park administrative offices and visitor services at the Coltsville site. I am grateful for Mr. L
ARSON ’s hard work to establish the Coltsville Historical Park, and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of its passage today. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Thanks to the leadership and hard work of my colleague, Representative L
ARSON of Connecticut, Congress estab-lished the Coltsville National Histor-ical Park at the end of 2014. The law that established the park au-thorized the National Park Service to utilize a 10,000 square foot building known as the East Armory for the pur-poses of park administration. However, during the planning phase for estab-lishing this new park, local stake-holders and the Park Service have de-termined that the Colt Armory Com-plex is better suited for this purpose. This bill simply makes that change and authorizes the use of the Colt Armory Complex. I support this simple fix to the ena-bling legislation that responds to the on-the-ground dynamics of this par-ticular park, and I want to thank the majority and my colleagues on the Natural Resources Committee for expe-dited review of this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. b1345 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
AR-
SON), my distinguished colleague. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Massachusetts for yielding this time. And I say, with a note of pride, that Lowell, Massachusetts, served and continues to serve as a model for urban national parks upon which we based Coltsville becoming a national historic park. I want to thank Chairman M
CCLIN-
TOCK also for his words. Both he and Representative T
SONGAS have outlined what this does. This has been great work by a number of people on this committee in a nonpartisan way. I would just add, Mr. Speaker, that in Chairman M
CCLINTOCK ’s brief history of Coltsville, that Samuel Colt died in 1862, and not many people realize this. So it was actually Elizabeth Colt, though she could not vote at the time, who was in charge of what was one of the top five corporations in America at that time. As the chairman alluded to, it was, as a lot of New England was, the center of the industrial revolution. It is also where Mr. Ford came to study and looked at the assembly line. And Pratt & Whitney did internships, the famous Pratt & Whitney aircraft company, and it spawned the bicycle, the automobile, and the typewriter, all of which came from the great city of Hartford at the time. I want to thank the neighborhood for the collaborative effort, but especially the Governor of the State, Governor Malloy, for his hard work; former- Mayor Segarra; Mayor Luke Bronin, the current mayor; Park Super-intendent James Woolsey, who, as Rep-resentative T
SONGAS rightly pointed out, when they went to the site and looked at the spectacular site, in the review, realized that there was a better way to facilitate people seeing it and locating a section in this historic brownstone area, which this technical change in the legislation allows them to do. As Representative T
SONGAS said, this was done in an expedited manner, so I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.035 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1523 March 22, 2016 
greatly appreciate the work of the committee on this, and the staff of the committee as well. Chairman B
ISHOP has been a strong supporter of this from the start and, I daresay, as we struggled to get this legislation passed for almost a decade, it was his leadership and that of Rank-ing Member G
RIJALVA that brought this to fruition. So this is, again, yet another dem-onstration of what can happen when everybody pulls together. And cer-tainly, on the 100th anniversary of our National Park Service, to preserve this historic landmark and to do it in a manner that is consistent with making sure that our national treasures here, whether they be our enormous national parks in the West or on the East Coast, a number of our treasures, historic treasures. I would note that, at the confluence of a national historic river, a Blueways and Greenways national historic en-deavor, that this national park is lo-cated. It is that confluence and the work of this committee in recognizing the historic achievement of Samuel and Elizabeth Colt that we are so dear-ly proud of, not only in Hartford, but across this Nation. I thank, again, Chairman M
CCLIN-
TOCK , and I want to thank, again, my dear friend, the ranking member, Ms. T
SONGAS . Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would only add that I look forward to working with my colleagues across the aisle on those reforms to restore the free market principles that made America the manufacturing capital of the world, so that those great days that gave birth to success stories like Colt and the prosperity they meant for our Nation can be reproduced in this generation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to commend this measure to the House and ask for its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2857, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GULF ISLANDS NATIONAL SEA-SHORE LAND EXCHANGE ACT OF 2016 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4119) to authorize the ex-change of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jackson County, Mississippi, between the Na-tional Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4119 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. LAND EXCHANGE, GULF ISLANDS NA-TIONAL SEASHORE, JACKSON COUN-TY, MISSISSIPPI. 
(a) L AND EXCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec- retary of the Interior, acting through the Direc-tor of the National Park Service (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may convey to the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5699 (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Post’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, consisting of approxi-mately 1.542 acres and located within the Gulf Islands National Seashore in Jackson County, Mississippi, section 34, township 7 north, range 8 east. (b) L
ANDTOBEACQUIRED .—In exchange for the property described in subsection (a), the Post shall convey to the Secretary all right, title, and interest of the Post in and to a parcel of real property, consisting of approximately 2.161 acres and located in Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, section 34, township 7 north, range 8 east. (c) E
QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE .—The values of the parcels of real property to be exchanged under this section are deemed to be equal. (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall require the Post to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the land exchange under this section, in-cluding survey costs, costs related to environ-mental documentation, and any other adminis-trative costs related to the land exchange. If amounts are collected from the Secretary in ad-vance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs and the amount collected exceeds the costs actu-ally incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Post. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) shall be credited to the fund or ac-count that was used to cover those costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the land exchange. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (e) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of property to be exchanged under this section shall be deter-mined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary and the Post. (f) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The exchange of real property under this section shall be ac-complished using a quit claim deed or other legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary and the Post, including such additional terms and con-ditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (g) T
REATMENT OF ACQUIRED LAND.—Land and interests in land acquired by the United States under subsection (b) shall be adminis-tered by the Secretary as part of the Gulf Is-lands National Seashore. (h) M
ODIFICATION OF BOUNDARY .—Upon com-pletion of the land exchange under this section, the Secretary shall modify the boundary of the Gulf Islands National Seashore to reflect such land exchange. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4119, introduced by the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ), authorizes the Park Service to convey to the Veterans of Foreign Wars, Post 5699, 1
1⁄2acres located with-in the Gulf Islands National Seashore in Jackson County, Mississippi, in ex-change for a 2.2-acre parcel of land opened by the VFW post. This bill benefits both the VFW post and the Park Service, as it provides the VFW post with permanent access to their facility via a long driveway cur-rently owned by the Park Service, while adding land contiguous to Gulf Islands National Seashore. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of its pas-sage today. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4119 is a simple, bipartisan bill that authorizes the exchange of two small parcels of land to provide needed access for our veterans in Mississippi. The Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5699 is located adjacent to a portion of Gulf Islands National Seashore. And while have having a national park in your backyard is a desirable condition, the post has found themselves land-locked and in need of direct access to their facility. To solve this issue, the Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act will exchange approximately 2 acres of land owned by the VFW with 1.5 acres owned by the Federal Government. The acreage acquired by the VFW will be used to establish a short driveway di-rectly to the post, while the land given in exchange to the Federal Government will be managed as part of Gulf Islands National Seashore. This exchange is supported by both the VFW post and the National Park Service and is a simple and logical so-lution to a local issue. I am pleased to see the National Park Service and the VFW working together to form a solu-tion for this issue. I urge all Members to support this commonsense, bipartisan bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ), the sponsor of this bill and my friend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.038 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1524 March 22, 2016 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4119, the Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Ex-change Act. The Gulf Islands National Seashore is a national park that draws millions of visitors to the islands in the northern Gulf of Mexico. It includes the Mis-sissippi barrier islands of Petit Bois Is-land, Horn Island, East and West Ship Island, and Cat Island, as well as the Davis Bayou Area. I am proud to have this important park and its natural beaches, historic sites, and wildlife sanctuaries within my district. The Gulf Islands National Seashore has been a part of the Mississippi Gulf Coast community since Congress estab-lished the park in 1971. Since that es-tablishment, the Gulf Islands National Seashore has worked closely with the Mark Seymour Veterans of Foreign Wars, VFW Post 5699. In fact, the post has shared a road with the seashore for the better part of the last 30 years. The Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act would make per-manent a 30-year easement that has provided an access road and driveway for the VFW. In exchange, the VFW will give the Gulf Islands National Sea-shore some of its acreage, which in-cludes wetlands. The Gulf Islands National Seashore and the VFW both strongly support this land exchange, but the Depart-ment of the Interior needs congres-sional approval before it can make the land exchange official. That is why, Mr. Speaker, I encourage the House to pass this bill today. I would also like to thank Chairman B
ISHOP , Ranking Member T SONGAS , as well as Subcommittee Chairman M
CCLINTOCK , and the Committee on Natural Resources, for their support and help in bringing this bill to the floor and seeing it across the finish line. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, if only the budget were this easy. I would ask for the adoption of this measure. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4119, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MODERNIZING THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT OF CHILDREN IN FOSTER CARE ACT Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4472) to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to require States to adopt a centralized electronic system to help expedite the placement of children in foster care or guardian-ship, or for adoption, across State lines, and to provide grants to aid States in developing such a system, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4472 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds that— (1) when a child in foster care cannot return safely home, the child deserves to be placed in a setting that is best for that child, regardless of whether it is in the child’s State or another State; (2) the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children (ICPC) was established in 1960 to provide a uniform legal framework for the place-ment of children across State lines in foster and adoptive homes; (3) frequently, children waiting to be placed with an adoptive family, relative, or foster par-ent in another State spend more time waiting for this to occur than children who are placed with an adoptive, family, relative, or foster parent in the same State, because of the outdated, admin-istratively burdensome ICPC process; (4) no child should have to wait longer to be placed in a loving home simply because the child must cross a State line; (5) the National Electronic Interstate Compact Enterprise (NEICE) was launched in August 2014 in Indiana, Nevada, Florida, South Caro-lina, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia, and is expected to be expanded into additional States to improve the administrative process by which children are placed with families across State lines; (6) States using this electronic interstate case- processing system have reduced administrative costs and the amount of staff time required to process these cases, and caseworkers can spend more time helping children instead of copying and mailing paperwork between States; (7) since NEICE was launched, placement time has decreased by 30 percent for interstate foster care placements; and (8) on average, States using this electronic interstate case-processing system have been able to reduce from 24 business days to 13 business days the time it takes to identify a family for a child and prepare the paperwork required to start the ICPC process. 
SEC. 3. STATE PLAN REQUIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 471(a)(25) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(25)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘provide’’ and insert ‘‘pro-vides’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, which, not later than Octo-ber 1, 2026, shall include the use of an electronic interstate case-processing system’’ before the 1st semicolon. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the 1st day of the 1st calendar quarter beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to payments under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act for calendar quarters be-ginning on or after such date. (2) D
ELAY PERMITTED IF STATE LEGISLATION  
REQUIRED .—If the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that State legisla-tion (other than legislation appropriating funds) is required in order for a State plan de-veloped pursuant to part E of title IV of the So-cial Security Act to meet the additional require-ment imposed by the amendments made by sub-section (a), the plan shall not be regarded as failing to meet any of the additional require-ments before the 1st day of the 1st calendar quarter beginning after the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. For purposes of the preceding sentence, if the State has a 2-year leg-islative session, each year of the session is deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. SEC. 4. GRANTS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN ELECTRONIC INTERSTATE CASE- PROCESSING SYSTEM TO EXPEDITE THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT OF CHILDREN IN FOSTER CARE OR GUARDIANSHIP, OR FOR ADOPTION. 
Section 437 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 637) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) G
RANTS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN  E
LECTRONIC INTERSTATE CASE-PROCESSING SYS-
TEM TO EXPEDITE THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT  
OFCHILDREN IN FOSTER CARE OR GUARDIANSHIP , 
OR FOR ADOPTION .— ‘‘(1) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this subsection is to facilitate the development of an electronic interstate case-processing system for the ex-change of data and documents to expedite the placements of children in foster, guardianship, or adoptive homes across State lines. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—A State that desires a grant under this subsection shall submit to the Secretary an application con-taining the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the goals and outcomes to be achieved during the period for which grant funds are sought, which goals and outcomes must result in— ‘‘(i) reducing the time it takes for a child to be provided with a safe and appropriate permanent living arrangement across State lines; ‘‘(ii) improving administrative processes and reducing costs in the foster care system; and ‘‘(iii) the secure exchange of relevant case files and other necessary materials in real time, and timely communications and placement deci-sions regarding interstate placements of chil-dren. ‘‘(B) A description of the activities to be fund-ed in whole or in part with the grant funds, in-cluding the sequencing of the activities. ‘‘(C) A description of the strategies for inte-grating programs and services for children who are placed across State lines. ‘‘(D) Such other information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(3) G
RANT AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may make a grant to a State that complies with paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A State to which a grant is made under this subsection shall use the grant to support the State in connecting with the electronic interstate case-processing system described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) E
VALUATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the final year in which grants are award-ed under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Congress, and make available to the general public by posting on a website, a re-port that contains the following information: ‘‘(A) How using the electronic interstate case- processing system developed pursuant to para-graph (4) has changed the time it takes for chil-dren to be placed across State lines. ‘‘(B) The number of cases subject to the Inter-state Compact on the Placement of Children that were processed through the electronic inter-state case-processing system, and the number of interstate child placement cases that were proc-essed outside the electronic interstate case-proc-essing system, by each State in each year. ‘‘(C) The progress made by States in imple-menting the electronic interstate case-processing system. ‘‘(D) How using the electronic interstate case- processing system has affected various metrics 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.040 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1525 March 22, 2016 
related to child safety and well-being, including the time it takes for children to be placed across State lines. ‘‘(E) How using the electronic interstate case- processing system has affected administrative costs and caseworker time spent on placing chil-dren across State lines. ‘‘(6) D
ATA INTEGRATION .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretariat for the Inter-state Compact on the Placement of Children and the States, shall assess how the electronic inter-state case-processing system developed pursuant to paragraph (4) could be used to better serve and protect children that come to the attention of the child welfare system, by— ‘‘(A) connecting the system with other data systems (such as systems operated by State law enforcement and judicial agencies, systems oper-ated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for the purposes of the Innocence Lost National Ini-tiative, and other systems); ‘‘(B) simplifying and improving reporting re-lated to paragraphs (34) and (35) of section 471(a) regarding children or youth who have been identified as being a sex trafficking victim or children missing from foster care; and ‘‘(C) improving the ability of States to quickly comply with background check requirements of section 471(a)(20), including checks of child abuse and neglect registries as required by sec-tion 471(a)(20)(B).’’. 
SEC. 5. CONTINUATION OF DISCRETIONARY FUNDING TO PROMOTE SAFE AND STABLE FAMILIES. 
Section 437(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 637(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 6. RESERVATION OF FUNDS TO IMPROVE THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT OF CHILDREN. 
Section 437(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 637(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) I
MPROVING THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT  
OF CHILDREN .—The Secretary shall reserve $5,000,000 of the amount made available for fis-cal year 2017 for grants under subsection (g), and the amount so reserved shall remain avail-able through fiscal year 2021.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from In-diana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4472, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, there are a number of key points I would like to emphasize to explain how this legislation came to be and why I believe it is so important at this critical juncture. First, my wife, Jenny, and I have four young children of our own. As a parent, I know I speak for millions when I say that every child deserves to grow up in a stable, loving home. When the bond between parent and child is broken and children cannot safely return home, they deserve to be placed in a setting that is best for them, regardless of whether that is a home within their State or across a State line. However, due to various fac-tors, children are languishing in the child welfare system, waiting to be placed with an adoptive family, a rel-ative, or foster parents in another State. One contributor is the fact that today, in order to place a child with a grandparent across a State line, case-workers must literally print out hun-dreds of pages of paperwork, package it up, and mail case files to another State. The receiving State responds in kind, completing their portion, and then mailing the case file back. It is an antiquated process that, on average, takes more than 5 months to complete. At a time when communities, courts, and caseworkers across the country are already overwhelmed, this inefficient, paper-based placement process is sim-ply unacceptable. For children, the sooner we get them placed into a forever home, the better. I say this as someone with experience. Before entering Congress, I provided pro bono legal services for adoptive couples. These situations I have seen can be extremely hard on all parties, but none more so than the child. b1400 You don’t have to take my word for it. Statistics show that the longer a child remains in the child welfare sys-tem, the less likely they are to have successful outcomes later in life. When proven interventions that can help these children present themselves, I believe it is our moral imperative to act. It is this belief that led to the so-lution we are discussing here today. The Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act would incentivize States to con-nect to an electronic interstate case processing system that has already been tested in a handful of States, in-cluding my home State of Indiana and the District of Columbia. These pilot programs achieved sub-stantial reductions in the time it took to place these children into forever homes, reducing the time a child wait-ed by 30 percent. For a child, that means a month and a half less time being shuffled from foster home to fos-ter home and from being taken in and out of school without a set routine. In one pilot scenario, Indiana had an emergency request to place a child with a relative in Florida. Use of the system allowed both pilot States to ex-change their case information the very same day, which, under the current system, could have taken weeks. In another scenario, an urgent mat-ter came to Florida’s attention where a placement was breaking down and the child needed to be moved. The way the interstate placement process currently works, this child could have been sent back into the overloaded foster care system and back into temporary care arrangements for another couple of months. Instead, Florida’s use of this electronic system made a long-term placement of the child possible within 48 business hours. We can expect to see more of these positive results as use of this elec-tronic system is expanded. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join Congressman TODD YOUNG in leading H.R. 4472, the Modernizing the Inter-state Placement of Children in Foster Care Act. I joined my friend from Indiana in in-troducing H.R. 4472 because it would help us make progress on an important issue: reducing the barriers and delays that continue to exist when the best new home for a child is in a different State than the unsafe home the child had to leave. Given that my Congressional District has one of the highest percentages of grandparents raising grandchildren in the Nation, followed closely by two other Congressional Districts in Illi-nois, child welfare issues are very per-sonal to my constituents, to Chicago, and to my home State. Removing barriers that delay or pre-vent interstate child placements is a long-time, bipartisan goal within Con-gress. This bill addresses an important factor in those delays: the ability of State computer systems to link up to process the paperwork. The current paper-based system is antiquated and slow. As part of an HHS pilot project, seven States and the District of Colum-bia currently participate in the Na-tional Electronic Interstate Compact Enterprise, or NEICE, an online tool that allows State office systems to talk to each other and process inter-state placements more quickly. I am very proud of the fact that Illinois is one of these States. An early evaluation found that this system reduced waiting times for af-fected children by about one-third. Ten other States have already announced plans to join the exchange over the next 2 years. H.R. 4472 would accelerate the number of participating States in the short run and ensure that all States participate in the long run. The Director of the Illinois Depart-ment of Children and Family Services, George Sheldon, often emphasizes that we need to operate in kid time, not adult time, meaning that we need to recognize the urgency of restoring per-manency for children in child welfare, rather than allowing adult bureaucracy to impede permanency. Modernizing the technology to in-crease efficiencies and quicken place-ments is common sense and respects the urgency of finding permanent, lov-ing homes for children. I am grateful to Mr. Y
OUNG of Indi-ana for ensuring that the bill expands 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.030 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1526 March 22, 2016 
upon existing progress on moderniza-tion within States and includes tribal foster care systems. This is a good bill. I thank Mr. Y
OUNG and his staff for their excellent work. I am indeed pleased to join them. I urge support to move forward on H.R. 4472. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good colleague, Mr. D
AVIS, and his staff for their hard work and his leadership on this effort. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the State of Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ), who represents Notre Dame country. She is a hardworking Member from my home State. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act. This bill will reduce the amount of time kids wait to be adopted, placed with relatives, or placed with foster parents when they are going to a home in another State. The current paper-based process keeps children waiting while case-workers mail physical documents. This bill incentivizes States to connect to an electronic system that has been pilot-tested in a handful of States, in-cluding my home State of Indiana. Getting at-risk kids into a stable, permanent environment as quickly as possible is critical to allowing them to thrive and reach their full potential. Each day they spend waiting for paper-work to be mailed back and forth is time wasted unnecessarily. I want to thank my colleague, Con-gressman Y
OUNG of Indiana, for his leadership on this issue. I strongly urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4472 and do everything possible to get our most vulnerable children placed in a safe en-vironment. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, while we are discussing H.R. 4472, reducing the time that it takes to process a child who might come from a different State for adop-tion or foster care placement, there are other issues of child welfare, one that I will mention. The issues of child welfare have a long history of bipartisanship. In addi-tion to the Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act, I hope to engage my colleagues in addressing the substance abuse needs of families involved in child welfare. Aside from neglect, alcohol and other drug use is the number one reason for removal from the home. More specifi-cally, approximately one-third of cases list alcohol or other drug use as the reason for the child’s removal. What is exciting is that we have good, clear empirical evidence that cer-tain strategies have demonstrated ef-fectiveness. Specifically, these quality interventions help children and fami-lies affected by substance abuse experi-ence fewer days in care, higher reunifi-cation rates, less recurrence of child maltreatment, and better permanency over time. I am preparing to introduce a bill that scales up these successes from smaller targeted interventions into full-scale interventions while building the research to better inform Federal policy overall. My bill does two key things. First, it dedicated staff under Title IV-E for the coordination of substance abuse pre-vention and treatment services with child welfare services. Secondly, it creates grants to expand the lessons learned from the research on smaller scale efforts to the State level, funding additional research to improve related Federal policy. My home State of Illinois has led the Nation in addressing substance abuse issues in child welfare. We know that we need to do more to address this problem. We know that it works. And, of course, I look forward to being en-gaged in the development of programs and activities that would further en-hance that kind of success. Again, I want to thank Mr. YOUNG for his tremendous work on H.R. 4472. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). He is one of the outstanding members of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I want to salute the gentleman and Mr. Y
OUNG for their bipartisan initia-tive here that would eliminate some of the current paperwork barriers that are preventing abused and neglected children from being quickly placed in safe, loving homes, which happen to be on the other side of a State border. Their coming together in this bipar-tisan initiative is constructive in help-ing some of the most vulnerable chil-dren in America. It is unacceptable for children who already face so many challenges to have to deal with this additional hard-ship because the process, as it exists now, just is not working. Based on the experience we have had with those States that were involved in a pilot program, we know that waiting times there were reduced by almost one-third. I think, with that experience, we can move forward under this bill for an electronic information exchange that will work and will improve the times that these young people face. While this bipartisan step is a wel-come one, it should also serve as a re-minder to us of all the work that re-mains. Last week the National Commission to Eliminate Child Abuse and Neglect Fatalities, a commission that was cre-ated with legislation that I authored back in 2012, issued its final report en-titled ‘‘Within Our Reach: A National Strategy to Eliminate Child Abuse and Neglect Fatalities.’’ However you count them and how-ever you may focus on the data needed to adequately describe this problem, there are far too many children in America today who do suffer, including many who actually are killed, by abuse and neglect. Our committee, much in the tradi-tion of this piece of bipartisan legisla-tion, has addressed these issues on a bi-partisan basis in the past. I hope that we can do the same with the report of the Commission, that we can move for-ward to consider some of its rec-ommendations, like its unanimous rec-ommendations. This was a bipartisan Commission appointed by President Obama and by House and Senate Democratic and Re-publican leaders. They came together with unanimous recommendations on a number of pieces of legislation, such as the importance of renewing the home visiting programs that go out and work with young parents that strengthen families and help them be the kind of parents they want to be. We need an ongoing conversation here about foster care financing. The reauthorization of programs like the Promoting Safe and Stable Families Program is coming up this year, and the Home Visiting Program, fully known as the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Pro-gram, is up for renewal this next year. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an addi-tional 1 minute. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I hope we can find ways to work together to advance what has been done here and to advance specific legislation that will help reduce the number of children that suffer from abuse and neglect. I must note, though, that at the same time this legislation was approved in our committee, under the Republican budget, the Social Services Block Grant was terminated. I hope that is not done by the Congress as a whole. The Social Services Block Grant is a major source of funding for prevention of child abuse and neglect today, used by State and local governments to focus on prevention with far too little focus on prevention overall. One of the major conclusions of this Commission on Child Fatalities is that we focus our attention so much on the end, after the abuse has occurred, and not on the beginning, to try to prevent abuse. We need to focus on prevention. So at the same time this bill was ap-proved, that support was cut. Hopefully, Congress will reject the bill to eliminate the Social Services Block Grant and we can come together to find more resources to do what must be done to prevent us from just lurch-ing from one tragedy to another and help stabilize and support families working to see that children are pro-tected. I thank the gentlemen again for their effort. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.043 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1527 March 22, 2016 
b1415 Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to associate my remarks with those just made by Mr. D
OGGETT rel-ative to continuing the Social Services Block Grant funding, which has pro-vided a tremendous amount of re-sources, and continues to do so, for so-cial welfare programs, including those affecting children. I also want to associate myself with the comments made relative to the Commission to Eliminate Child Abuse and Neglect Fatalities. It just happens that one of the judges from my dis-trict, the presiding judge of the Child Protection Division of the Circuit Court of Cook County, serves on that commission and, of course, had some findings that were different than the commission report. I think we need to consider all of those things as we move forward. But I am pleased to note that we are indeed making progress dealing with the issues of child welfare. Again, I want to commend Mr. Y
OUNG  and his staff for their work on H.R. 4472. I am pleased to join, and urge strong support for it. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This bipartisan, bicameral bill was developed through a yearlong process, consulting with key stakeholders to make sure that there would be broad support. It involved a whole lot of painstaking work from staff members on the committee, both Republican and Democrat, and from Mr. D
AVIS, who I commend once again for his leadership on this issue, and his staff. And I want to thank all of the stakeholders in-volved. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  letters of support from the American Public Human Services Association, the Children’s Home Society of Amer-ica, the Partnership for Strong Fami-lies, the Child Welfare League of Amer-ica, the American Academy of Adop-tion Attorneys, and the County Wel-fare Directors Association of Cali-fornia. 
ASSOCIATION OF ADMINISTRATORS OF  
THEINTERSTATE COMPACT ON THE  P
LACEMENT OF CHILDREN , Washington, DC, February 4, 2016. Re Support for H.R. 4472, ‘‘Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Fos-ter Care Act’’. Hon. T
ODDYOUNG , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. D
ANNY DAVIS, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVES YOUNG AND DAVIS: The American Public Human Services Asso-ciation (APHSA), and its affiliate, the Asso-ciation of Administrators of the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children (AAICPC), which represents state executives responsible for overseeing the interstate placement of children, would like to thank you for introducing and co-sponsoring H.R. 4472, Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act. This legislation will facilitate state par-ticipation in the National Electronic Inter-state Compact Enterprise (NEICE), which is modernizing the now antiquated Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children (ICPC) administrative process. The bill com-plements our efforts to transform the ICPC by promoting policy changes and providing funding so that states may connect to the NEICE. Once fully operationalized, the NEICE will also be a valuable tool for ad-dressing societal challenges that put chil-dren at risk, including the opiate and heroin epidemic, illegal rehoming of children, and sex trafficking. Thank you again for introducing and co- sponsoring H.R. 4472, and for your steadfast leadership to improve the lives of children waiting for safe, permanent families. We strongly support your efforts to modernize the interstate placement of children through this legislation, and intend to work vigor-ously for its passage. Sincerely yours, TRACY WAREING EVANS , Executive Director, APHSA. M
ICAL ANNEPETERSON , President, AAICPC. 
CHILDREN ’SHOMESOCIETY , 
OFAMERICA , Chicago, IL, January 19, 2016. Congressman T
ODDYOUNG , Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN YOUNG : Children’s Home Society of America (CHSA) is proud to support the efforts of Congressman Young as he proposes to modernize and expedite the ability of states to place children across state lines and into forever homes. The Modernizing and Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act will replace an antiquated paper based system enabling not only greater efficiencies in the legal process of placing children but also create greater transparency and accountability in the overall process. By utilizing a nation-wide computer based system, states will ac-tually save money by reducing the adminis-trative costs associated with complying with the ICPC, expedite communication between states and their placement systems and most importantly, reduce the time that children spend in the foster care system. CHSA looks forward to supporting Con-gressman Young as he understands that no child should have to wait to be placed in a loving home simply because they must cross state lines. Sincerely, S
HARON OSBORNE , B
OARD CHAIR, Children’s Home Society of America. 
STRONG  F
AMILIES , INC., Gainesville, FL, March 4, 2016. Re Support for H.R. 4472, Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Fos-ter Care Act. Hon. T
ODDYOUNG , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. D
ANNY DAVIS, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVES YOUNG AND DAVIS: First, many thanks for introducing and co- sponsoring H.R. 4472, Modernizing the Inter-state Placement of Children in Foster Care Act. As the Immediate Past President of the Association of Administrators of Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children, it generates much excitement to see this legis-lation introduced. In a past position, I was the ICPC Compact Administrator for the State of Florida and had the opportunity to help develop the prototype for the electronic transmission process now realized through NEICE. It was our dream in Florida that one day this system could become a national re-ality. Good or bad, I must also confess that the acronym NEICE was my suggestion so in a couple of ways I feel like a parent to NEICE. There is no doubt in my mind that imple-mentation of this system in all fifty states, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. Virgin Islands will change the lives of thousands of children who await placement with relatives or adoption finalization in another state. The additional uses for NEICE are subject only to the minds of those who can identify other possibilities such as combating human trafficking cases and unregulated custody transfers (rehoming). Thank you again for introducing and co- sponsoring H.R. 4472, and for your steadfast leadership to improve the lives of children waiting for safe, permanent families. The child welfare community strongly supports your efforts to modernize the interstate placement of children through this legisla-tion, and intends to work vigorously for its passage. Sincerely yours, STEPHEN PENNYPACKER , Esq., President and CEO. 
MARCH 4, 2016. Hon. C
HARLES GRASSLEY , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. T
ODDYOUNG , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN YOUNG AND SENATOR  G
RASSLEY : The Child Welfare League of America offers its endorsement of your legis-lation, H.R. 4472 and S. 2574, The Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Fos-ter Care Act. We have long recognized the critical role that interstate placement of children has played in the timely placement of children in foster care and kinship care as well as its importance in promoting adoptions. Over the years it has become increasingly clear that these placements have been delayed to the significant detriment of children in need of permanence. The recent efforts by the Department of Health and Human Services through the Na-tional Electronic Interstate Compact Enter-prise or NEICE pilot project has dem-onstrated significant speed up in these inter-state placements with some children seeing there wait times reduced by weeks and months. In addition, the system has reduced cost and paper work. The six pilot states that utilized NEICE demonstrated wait times reduced by 30% with participating states savings of $1.6 million per year in re-duced copying, mailing, and administrative costs. We solute your leaders on this legislation and are equally pleased by the bipartisan spirit as represented by the original co-spon-sorship of Congressman Davis, Congress-woman Brooks, Senator Gillibrand, Senator Franken and Senator Peters. Thank you for your work and advocacy on behalf of children. Sincerely, C
HRISTINE JAMES -BROWN , President/CEO, Child Welfare League of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.045 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1528 March 22, 2016 
AMERICAN ACADEMY OF ADOPTION  A
TTORNEYS , AMERICAN ACADEMY  
OFASSISTED REPRODUCTIVE TECH-
NOLOGY ATTORNEYS , Washington, DC, February 16, 2016. Hon. T
ODDYOUNG , Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE YOUNG : I write as the President of the American Academy of Adoption Attorneys to enthusiastically en-dorse H.R. 4472 on behalf of our organization. H.R. 4472 is a bill that provides swift sta-bility and permanency to vulnerable chil-dren who are being placed in foster/adoptive homes or with guardians across state lines. Drafted in 1960, the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children (‘‘ICPC’’) exists to ensure protection for children in interstate placements. The ICPC requires every place-ment to be scrutinized for legality and ap-propriateness. It requires that children re-main in the state of origin for weeks, or even months, while the required paperwork is mailed from the placing state ICPC’s office to the new parent’s home state’s ICPC office. The ICPC is well meaning, but by its very nature, slows down the process due to the pa-perwork and mailing burdens. A uniform legal framework offers valuable protections, but such protections must be weighed against the significant burden it imposes on children and families. With the advances in technology that have been used by other state and federal agencies for over a decade, the process can be significantly shortened and the most vulnerable members of our so-ciety can be provided permanency in stable loving homes. The centralized electronic sys-tem created by the passage of H.R. 4472 will be a victory for children, by expanding an electronic pilot program to all state and U.S. territories. The pilot program has been an unqualified success. Since the pilot program was launched, the placement time for children placed through those pilot states has been reduced by 30 percent. Placement time has been reduced by 11 days. As a truly central-ized system evolves, the efficiencies should be better and better. The current slow ICPC process causes weeks, and sometimes months, of children languishing in their states of original resi-dence. Social science and neuroscience re-search has confirmed that children need sta-ble families to thrive. The paperwork barrier to quick foster/adoptive placements creates unnecessarily delays. One month in the life of a child at this vulnerable stage is an eter-nity. Further, the delay caused by an out-dated mailing system can result in signifi-cant developmental issues and treatment costs. In many instances, such treatment costs are incurred by local, state and federal governments. Prospective parents willing to provide homes to children in need of families have been subjected to placement processes that are extraordinarily difficult, risky, ex-pensive and time consuming; often requiring months of persistence and intervention by members of Congress. Most significantly, the number of unparented children able to find families has been severely limited while the life potential of those fortunate enough to find families through foster care, guardian-ship and adoption has been impaired by weeks and months of needless delay. Reform must begin with our government’s acknowledgement that every child has a fun-damental human right to be raised in a per-manent loving family and that foster care, guardianship and adoption are an important means for providing such families to chil-dren living outside of parental care. Addi-tionally, by eliminating this unnecessary delay, H.R. 4472 will reduce the treatment costs incurred by local, state and federal governments. We have come together as a community of child advocates to identify a process that will reform interstate adoption. We welcome the opportunity to discuss our request with you and members of your staff. Please note, the changes we are endorsing would have lit-tle budget impact. We look forward to work-ing with you in support of swift passage of this bill. To simplify your communication with us, please feel free to contact our Direc-tor of Adoption, Denise Bierly on behalf of our group. Sincerely, H
ERBBRAIL, President, American Academy of Adoption Attorneys. 
COUNTY WELFARE  D
IRECTORS ASSOCIATION , Sacramento, CA. Re Support for H.R. 4472, ‘‘Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Fos-ter Care Act’’. Hon. T
ODDYOUNG , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. D
ANNY DAVIS, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVES YOUNG AND DAVIS: The County Welfare Directors Association (CWDA), representing the human services di-rectors in California’s 58 counties, supports the Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act. The bill will modernize the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children (ICPC) administrative process by replacing it with a successfully tested web-based elec-tronic case processing system. The new Na-tional Electronic Interstate Compact Enter-prise (NEICE) will change policies and pro-vide funding to enable states and counties to connect to the NEICE to exchange data and documents across state jurisdictions so that our agencies may meet the unique needs of foster care children who may reside in an-other state. The proposed data exchange will enable state and counties more efficiently meet federal mandates for the timely serv-ices, placement and permanence of children in the foster care system, and will improve outcomes for children in foster care and their families. Thank you again for introducing and co- sponsoring H.R. 4472. Please contact Tom Jo-seph, Director of CWDA’s Washington Office, should you have any questions. Sincerely, F
RANK J. M ECCA, Executive Director. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank those stakeholders once again for all their help in getting this across the finish line. I am hoping for broad and fulsome support from all Members of this Chamber. I hope we can all agree here today that we should do everything possible to get our most vulnerable children immediately placed into the setting that is best for them, regard-less of State boundary lines. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4472, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. WOMEN AIRFORCE SERVICE PILOT ARLINGTON INURNMENT RES-TORATION ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4336) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of per-sons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arlington National Cemetery, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4336 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. BURIAL OF CREMATED REMAINS IN ARLINGTON NATIONAL CEMETERY OF CERTAIN PERSONS WHOSE SERV-ICE IS DEEMED TO BE ACTIVE SERV-ICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2410 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c)(1) The Secretary of the Army shall en-sure that under such regulations as the Sec-retary may prescribe, the cremated remains of any person described in paragraph (2) are eligible for inurnment in Arlington National Cemetery with military honors in accord-ance with section 1491 of title 10. ‘‘(2) A person described in this paragraph is a person whose service has been determined to be active duty service pursuant to section 401 of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 (Public Law 95–202; 38 U.S.C. 106 note) as of the date of the enactment of this para-graph.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to— (A) the remains of a person that are not formally interred or inurned as of the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) a person who dies on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) F
ORMALLY INTERRED OR INURNED DE -
FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘for-mally interred or inurned’’ means interred or inurned in a cemetery, crypt, mausoleum, columbarium, niche, or other similar formal location. 
SEC. 2. REPORT ON CAPACITY OF ARLINGTON NA-TIONAL CEMETERY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate a report on the inter-ment and inurnment capacity of Arlington National Cemetery, including— (1) the estimated date that the Secretary determines the cemetery will reach max-imum interment and inurnment capacity; and (2) in light of the unique and iconic mean-ing of the cemetery to the United States, recommendations for legislative actions and nonlegislative options that the Secretary de-termines necessary to ensure that the max-imum interment and inurnment capacity of the cemetery is not reached until well into the future, including such actions and op-tions with respect to— (A) redefining eligibility criteria for inter-ment and inurnment in the cemetery; and (B) considerations for additional expansion opportunities beyond the current boundaries of the cemetery. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.038 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1529 March 22, 2016 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and add extraneous material on H.R. 4336, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge all Members to support H.R. 4336, as amended. This bill, which was introduced by our colleague, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ), would ensure that Active Duty designees, including women Air Force pilots, are eligible for inurnment with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery. Active Duty designees are members of civilian groups who served alongside the regular Armed Forces during World Wars I and II. These brave men and women were often located in combat zones, where they risked their lives to protect the freedom that we should never take for granted. Their contributions to the war effort was so vital that they have been grant-ed the most prestigious title our Na-tion can bestow—that of veteran. As such, they are eligible to be laid to rest in any cemetery administered by the National Cemetery Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs. However, Arlington National Ceme-tery is run by the Department of the Army. Between 2002 and last year, the Army inurned Active Duty designees with military honors in Arlington Na-tional Cemetery. Unfortunately, last March, then-Secretary McHugh, re-versed this policy, which means that many of those courageous individuals can no longer choose to be laid to rest in Arlington National Cemetery. H.R. 4336, as amended, would reverse this decision and require the Army to provide Active Duty designees inurnments with military honors in Arlington National Cemetery. Mr. Speaker, it is our duty as a Na-tion to ensure that those who have served our Nation are treated with the utmost respect and dignity, especially after they pass on. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4336, as amended. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of H.R. 4336, as amended. Arlington National Cemetery has been called our Nation’s most hallowed ground. Since the first military burial took place on May 13, 1864, Arlington is the final resting place for over 400,000 Active Duty servicemembers, veterans, and their families. H.R. 4336, as amended, would over-turn a recent change in Army policy and restore the right of the Women Airforce Service Pilots of World War II, or WASP, to be buried in Arlington. These brave women volunteered for duty, and their service made a major contribution to our victory in World War II. In addition, H.R. 4336 would restore the right of others who assisted in the war and whose service and sacrifice was recognized with the enacting of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977. I applaud my colleagues, Representa-tives MARTHA MCSALLY and S USAN  D
AVIS, for introducing this important bill and leading the fight, a fight that has widespread support and bipartisan support, to recognize the service of these brave women and others who helped us defeat the Axis Powers in World War II. That we are bringing this to the floor during Women’s History Month is a fit-ting tribute to women who served our Nation in the past and the women who today serve in our Active Duty forces. This is a matter of justice and a matter of fairness. In 2009, we recognized the service and sacrifice of these brave men and women when we awarded a Congres-sional Gold Medal to the Women Airforce Service Pilots. Today, we have the opportunity to do it again. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ), the spon-sor of this legislation, a combat vet-eran herself, a pilot of the A–10 Wart-hog from the Second District of Ari-zona. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in wholehearted support of H.R. 4336, the Women Airforce Service Pilot Arlington Inurnment Restoration Act. This is the right thing to do. I want to thank the chairman for quickly moving this through the com-mittee and to the floor, and Chairman T
HORNBERRY for signing off on it, so that we could do the right thing to allow these amazing women and these pioneers who went before us and who opened the door for so many of us women in the military to serve, that they could be laid to rest in a place of honor and a place of rest for the most hallowed, the most amazing men and women who have served and gone be-fore us. The fact that these women were denied this right is unconscion-able and, quite frankly, infuriating when we heard about it. Let me tell you a little bit about the WASPs. The WASPs during World War II raised their right hand and said: I will support. We needed pilots, we needed men and women to do whatever it took for the war effort. So these women went through training—1,074 of them went through training. An additional 28 ac-tually already had flying experience and were directly brought in. So it was actually 1,102 that said: I am going to be a pilot. I am going to support the ef-fort. General Hap Arnold, at the time the head of the Army Air Corps, had in-tended that they be militarized. They went through military training, they marched, and they slept in barracks. They went through everything that the men alongside them did. The intent was to be militarized. The only reason they weren’t militarized was because of hang-ups and sexism about the role of women in the military back then. Heaven forbid we have women military pilots. We couldn’t handle it back then. These women served anyway. They flew 60 million miles ferrying airplanes all over the theater. They towed tar-gets for the ground gunners to practice shooting at targets. They trained male pilots to then head off to the war ef-fort. Thirty-eight of them perished in training in the line of duty. Yet they still were in this quasi-civilian mili-tary status. They had no veterans ben-efits. They were passing the hat around to support getting their bodies back to their families. There was no recogni-tion at the time, but they still served. At the end of the war, they were dis-charged and told to go home—the men needed the cockpits. It wasn’t until 1977 that this Congress passed a law fi-nally giving them veterans’ rights so that they would be treated as veterans. After the fact, they were given honor-able discharges and they were given the medals that they deserved at the time. We thought that this was finally over, the fight was over, that they would be recognized for all that they deserved, and they would be able to be laid to rest with full military honors. But a bureaucratic, technocratic glitch created another door that shut to them. This is an extraordinary example, by the way, of somebody taking action to bring a wrong to our attention and for us to be able to make it right. I want to highlight Elaine Harmon, who passed away, as one of the WASPs. She passed away last year. I met with her family and I read her hand-written will. She wanted to have her ashes in Arlington. She requested it. We thought that they were allowed, so the family put in a request. It wasn’t until they got a letter back saying, ‘‘Denied, WASPs are not allowed in Arlington,’’ that they didn’t just accept that no. In the legacy of Elaine Harmon—and, by the way, these women were feisty; they were strong; they were not going to take no for an answer. In that spirit, her children and her granddaughter— and Erin Miller is with us in the gal-lery today—said, ‘‘We are not going to take no for an answer. We are going to get awareness on this, and we are going to get my grandmother and the WASPs the right that they deserve.’’ I first heard about this through the media in early January. We sprung into action working with our col-league, S
USAN DAVIS, getting sponsors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.048 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1530 March 22, 2016 
We are over 190 right now. This has been fast-tracked through the com-mittee in order to allow them to be laid to rest there. Elaine Harmon’s ashes are sitting on a shelf in her granddaughter’s closet. We need to make this right as quickly as possible. Let me just say, Mr. Chairman, this isn’t just about the pioneers that we read about in history books. These WASPs were personal mentors to me. When I first went through combat training, we didn’t really have any women we could look up to, and these amazing women came alongside me as wing-women to encourage me and to mentor me. I had three of them sitting in my front row at my chain of com-mand ceremony when I took over com-mand of an A–10 squadron. Dawn Sey-mour, Ruth Helm, and Eleanor Gunder-son, they personally supported and en-couraged me along the way. It is be-cause of their service that the doors were opened for those of us in the mili-tary to serve. It is ridiculous that Ar-lington would close the gates to them at the very time they were opening up all positions to women in the military. b1430 This is the right thing to do. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation, especially during Women’s History Month. The least we can do is allow the WASPs, including Elaine Harmon, to be laid to rest in Arlington as quickly as possible. Let’s get this passed today. Let’s get it through the Senate and onto the President’s desk so that she can be laid to rest. As for the rest who remain who choose to have their ashes laid to rest in Arlington, this is their right. The only reason they were not Active Duty at the time was due to sexism. It is time for us to shut this remaining door and give them this final resting place. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to not make ref-erences to occupants of the gallery. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ), who is on the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for acknowledging the Women Airforce Service Pilots. My father was a P–47 fighter pilot in World War II, and he was able to access the benefits that were due him in terms of his military career. It is only fitting now, during Women’s History Month, that we begin to finally get the opportunity for the WASPs to be in-terred at Arlington National Cemetery. I acknowledge my colleague Rep-resentative M
CSALLY , in her great service to this country, and my col-league T
AMMY DUCKWORTH , a combat helicopter pilot. I also acknowledge the veterans who serve on our Veterans’ Affairs Committee’s staff. We recently had a ceremony with Brigadier General Wilma Vaught. She was the first woman to reach the briga-dier general status and was the first woman to deploy within the Air Force bomber unit. She is an inspiration to us. One of the important reasons for doing this bill now is that we learned recently during a hearing in the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee that women are the fastest growing group of vet-erans but that, often, our women vet-erans do not access the VA benefits, in-cluding health benefits and cemetery benefits, to which they are entitled. We need to encourage women who have served the country. You have served us, and now it is our turn to serve you. We need to encourage our women vet-erans to come forward for the benefits they deserve. I thank my colleague from Arizona, and I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for bringing this bill forward. It is an important bill, and it is a great time to do it. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Sixth District of Colorado (Mr. COFF-
MAN), another combat veteran and a member of our Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4336. In Colorado Springs, Colorado, a monument stands to honor the Women Airforce Service Pilots, or WASPs. With this legislation, we salute them today, and we recognize that we ne-glected to salute them for far too long. During World War II, more than 1,000 WASPs flew over 60 million air miles. Without official military recognition, families were forced to pay out of pocket to send 36 fallen comrades home. After the war, the United States continued to deny them military sta-tus despite their extraordinary service to our country. Today, we can help correct some of that injustice. H.R. 4336 would restore the right for these women to be buried at Arlington. These women paved the way for the women in uniform today. They endured gender-based discrimina-tion for years, and they served and died just as other members of the military did. I believe they belong in Arlington. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLE-
MAN). Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for giv-ing me this opportunity to stand up here during Women’s History Month and to say this is a bipartisan piece of legislation that is well done and over-due. Mr. Speaker, I am proud that there were women who went before me who were brave and who were courageous and who did all of the jobs that were asked of them in a manner that was of high standard. They gave and sac-rificed on my behalf, and now we have the opportunity to eliminate some of the last vestiges of disparate treatment or secondary treatment, or treating them as second-class citizens. I rise in support of this legislation, and I congratulate my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for having brought this to our attention and for giving us the opportunity to express our support. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ), a vet-eran himself and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. ABRAHAM. I thank the chair-man. Mr. Speaker, I am here to urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation that recognizes the services of certain groups of men and women who have valiantly served their country. When the GI Bill Improvement Act became law in 1977, it contained lan-guage that was championed by Senator Barry Goldwater and by Louisiana’s own Lindy Boggs that deemed certain groups of women, civilians, and for-eigners who served the United States as Active Duty in order to qualify for benefits administered by the VA. Ulti-mately, nearly 35 groups have been made eligible for benefits through that law. These include the Women Airforce Service Pilots, the U.S. merchant sea-men who served on blockships in Oper-ation Mulberry on D-Day, male civilian ferry pilots, U.S. civilians of the Amer-ican Field Service, and many, many more. In recognition of their service, the cremated remains of these groups may be inurned in all cemeteries under the jurisdiction of the VA. However, Ar-lington National Cemetery is under the jurisdiction of the Department of De-fense, not of the VA. This bill recog-nizes all of the individuals who are eli-gible to have their cremated remains inurned in Arlington National Ceme-tery to include groups that have been given veteran status in the GI Bill Im-provement Act, including the WASPs. Decades after Congresswoman Boggs championed this legislation, I am proud to continue Louisiana’s long tra-dition of support for these groups by cosponsoring this bill. I thank, most greatly, Congress-woman M
CSALLY for introducing this very important piece of legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. It is long past due that we recognize these women and men who have served this country. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from the 12th District of Illinois (Mr. B
OST), a marine and a member of our Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. BOST. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, World War II was a time when Americans came together to de-fend this Nation against evil. Entire families enlisted in this effort, which included many brave and dedicated women of the Women Airforce Service Pilots, or WASPs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.049 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1531 March 22, 2016 
The WASPs flew military aircraft in noncombat roles, and they served as in-structors for male pilots. When the WASP program was created, it was in-tended that these women would receive full military status. Sadly, this goal has not been achieved. That is why H.R. 4336 is so important. It overturns a previous Army directive and restores the burial rights in Arlington National Cemetery for WASP veterans. I ask that all of my colleagues join me in supporting these women’s rights of putting them in the place they need to be and in receiving those full mili-tary benefits. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the Second District of Texas (Mr. P
OE). Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the chair-man for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, during the peak of World War II, Sandy Thompson, now a Houston resident, left her teaching job and received her aviation wings on Sep-tember 11, 1943. She had just volun-teered for the Women Airforce Service Pilots, known as the WASPs. These pilots had towed targets for live antiaircraft practice. Think about that, Mr. Speaker. They are in the air, and these young teenagers are learning how to shoot antiaircraft guns and to aim them at the targets behind these female pilots who are pulling these—a dangerous occupation. These pilots helped deliver planes to overseas bases, and they tested new aircraft that was used in the Pacific and used in Europe, and, of course, they trained male pilots who went overseas. Of the 1,000 women who were WASPs, 38 were killed during their missions, and 16 of these original pilots of World War II now live in my State of Texas. They were considered civilians until 1977. Then Congress gave them veteran status. In 2002, the WASPs were al-lowed to be cremated and have their ashes placed in Arlington National Cemetery—right down the street from this building. Now bureaucrats have decided that these veterans are not worthy of a proper military burial, and they have revoked the burial rights at Arlington because of space. This is dis-graceful, shameful, and is a sorry ex-cuse to dishonor them. Find space to permanently honor these women. As a former member of the United States Air Force Reserves, I urge that we show respect to these pi-lots—give them proper burials, and pass this legislation. And that is just the way it is. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. F
UDGE ). Ms. FUDGE. I thank the gentle-woman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank all of the men and women who have sac-rificed and served this Nation. I can’t imagine why any person of sound mind would deny women the right to the same benefits, to the same recognition that men get who serve this Nation. I would think that not one person would deny them this right. I cannot imagine why those who serve would have to fight for the dignity that each and every single person who serves this country should have. I support this legislation, and I sup-port the people who support it. Any-body who doesn’t should not be in this building. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from the 27th District of the Lone Star State, Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). Mr. FARENTHOLD. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, it shouldn’t take an act of Congress for these women to be inurned in Arlington National Ceme-tery. We have heard from numerous people on both sides of the aisle that this is simply the right thing to do. The Army should have just said, ‘‘Yes, let’s get them buried there.’’ The Presi-dent should have used his pen and phone and ordered the Army to do it if they wouldn’t. Guess what. We are here now, and it is going to take an act of Congress, and it is going to be a very strong act of Congress. I can’t imagine not passing this out of this House unanimously, and I suspect we will see similar results in the Senate. The remains of this woman should not have to rest in her granddaughter’s closet. They should be inurned in Ar-lington now. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill unanimously. I urge the Senate to act quickly. I urge President Obama to sign this into law. It is, sim-ply, the right thing to do. We have just got to do it. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In recent hearings, many of the serv-ice organizations have indicated that this was one of their top priorities. Women have served in every single war in this country, and they deserve the same benefits and recognition as men. I urge my colleagues to support this important and timely bill in order to honor those brave women and others whose efforts were essential in the vic-tory of World War II. I yield back the balance of my time. b1445 Again, I encourage all my fellow col-leagues to support H.R. 4336, as amend-ed. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4336, ‘‘Women Airforce Service Pilot Arlington Inurnment Res-toration Act of 2016’’ which directs the Depart-ment of the Army to ensure that the cremated remains of persons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots are eligible for inter-ment in Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors. I support this legislation sponsored by Con-gresswoman M
ARTHA MCSALLY of Arizona, be-cause the women who have devoted their lives to the armed services deserve appro-priate recognition and praise for their sacrifice. This important bill provides the remains of a person who dies on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, and whose service has been determined to be active duty, eligibility for inurnment in Arlington National Cemetery. The Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the interment and inurnment capacity of Ar-lington National Cemetery. With respect to the unique and iconic mean-ing of the cemetery to the United States, the Secretary of the Army determines necessary considerations for additional expansion oppor-tunities beyond the current boundaries of the cemetery. The Secretary of the Army must submit the estimated date the cemetery will reach max-imum interment and inurnment capacity. The Secretary of the Army has the ability to redefine eligibility criteria for interment and inurnment in the cemetery. Implementation of the arrangements nec-essary to facilitate the burial of the cremated remains should be a priority. It is our responsibility to ensure that the suit-able recognition is provided to Americans who have devoted their time and physical assist-ance towards our freedom. This bill actively displays our gratitude to-wards all who participated in the armed serv-ices. Even after death, we reflect on their con-tributions with our hearts and minds for those who put themselves in harm’s way to protect our nation. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 4336. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MIL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4336, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 653; Adopting House Resolution 653, if or-dered; and Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 4742, H.R. 4755, and H.R. 4336. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.051 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1532 March 22, 2016 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2745, STANDARD MERGER AND ACQUISITION REVIEWS THROUGH EQUAL RULES ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 24, 2016, THROUGH APRIL 11, 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 653) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2745) to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural man-ner as the Attorney General exercises such authority, and providing for pro-ceedings during the period from March 24, 2016, through April 11, 2016, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 231, nays 154, not voting 48, as follows: 
[Roll No. 131] YEAS—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—154 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McNerney Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—48 
Bass Becerra Beyer Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bustos Castor (FL) Chaffetz Cicilline Cohen DeLauro DelBene Emmer (MN) Engel Farr Fincher Green, Al Grijalva Herrera Beutler Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Labrador Lee Love Lowenthal McGovern Meeks Moulton Murphy (PA) Nolan Nugent Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Price (NC) Rangel Reichert Ribble Rush Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Smith (WA) Speier Welch Westmoreland Wilson (FL) b1506 Mr. CUMMINGS changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN MEMORY OF THE  
VICTIMS OF THE BRUSSELS TERRORIST ATTACKS  
The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask all present to rise for the purpose of a moment of silence. The Chair asks that the House now observe a moment of silence in mem-ory of the victims of the terrorist at-tacks in Brussels. Without objection, 5-minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The question is on the adoption of House Resolution 653. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 154, not voting 46, as follows: 
[Roll No. 132] AYES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.053 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1533 March 22, 2016 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—154 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McNerney Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—46 
Bass Becerra Beyer Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bustos Castor (FL) Chaffetz Cicilline Cohen DeLauro DelBene Emmer (MN) Engel Farr Fincher Green, Al Grijalva Herrera Beutler Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Labrador Lee Love Lowenthal McGovern Meeks Moulton Nolan Nugent Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Price (NC) Rangel Reichert Ribble Rush Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Smith (WA) Speier Welch Wilson (FL) b1514 Mr. TONKO changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROMOTING WOMEN IN ENTREPRENEURSHIP ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
TEWART ). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4742) to au-thorize the National Science Founda-tion to support entrepreneurial pro-grams for women, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 383, nays 4, not voting 46, as follows: 
[Roll No. 133] YEAS—383 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—4 
Amash Gohmert Grothman Massie 
NOT VOTING—46 
Bass Becerra Beyer Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bustos Castor (FL) Chaffetz Cicilline Cohen DeLauro DelBene Emmer (MN) Engel Farr Fincher Green, Al Grijalva Herrera Beutler Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Labrador Lee Love Lowenthal McGovern Meeks Moulton Nolan Nugent Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Price (NC) Rangel Reichert Ribble Rush Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Smith (WA) Speier Welch Wilson (FL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.036 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1534 March 22, 2016 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE of Texas) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1521 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INSPIRING THE NEXT SPACE PIO-NEERS, INNOVATORS, RE-SEARCHERS, AND EXPLORERS (INSPIRE) WOMEN ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4755) to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 380, nays 3, not voting 50, as follows: 
[Roll No. 134] YEAS—380 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—3 
Amash Gohmert Massie 
NOT VOTING—50 
Bass Becerra Beyer Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Brady (TX) Bustos Castor (FL) Chaffetz Cicilline Cohen DeLauro DelBene Emmer (MN) Engel Farr Fincher Green, Al Grijalva Herrera Beutler Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Labrador LaMalfa Lee Love Lowenthal McGovern Meeks Moulton Nolan Nugent Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Price (NC) Rangel Reichert Ribble Rokita Rush Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Smith (WA) Speier Walker Welch Wilson (FL) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1527 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 134, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
WOMEN AIRFORCE SERVICE PILOT ARLINGTON INURNMENT RES-TORATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4336) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of per-sons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arlington National Cemetery, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 385, nays 0, not voting 48, as follows: 
[Roll No. 135] YEAS—385 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.058 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1535 March 22, 2016 
Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—48 
Bass Becerra Beyer Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bustos Castor (FL) Chaffetz Cicilline Cohen DeLauro DelBene Emmer (MN) Engel Farr Fincher Green, Al Grijalva Herrera Beutler Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Labrador Lee Love Lowenthal McGovern Meeks Moulton Neal Nolan Nugent Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Price (NC) Rangel Reichert Ribble Rush Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schweikert Smith (WA) Speier Welch Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1534 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial in Arlington National Cemetery of the cremated remains of certain per-sons whose service has been determined to be active service.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I missed the following votes: 1. Motion on Ordering the Previous Ques-tion on the Rule for H.R. 2345. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 2. H. Res. 653—Rule providing for consider-ation of H.R. 2745—Standard Merger and Ac-quisitions Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 3. H.R. 4742—Promoting Women in Entre-preneurship Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 4. H.R. 4755—Inspiring the Next Space Innovators, Researchers, and Explorers (IN-SPIRE) Women Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 5. H.R. 4336—Women Airforce Service Pilot Arlington Inurnment Restoration Act, as amended. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. 
f 
PENNSYLVANIA WILDFIRE WEEK (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of Pennsylvania’s Wildfire Preven-tion Week, which will be observed through this Saturday. As chairman of the House Agri-culture Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry and the Representative of Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, which includes the Allegheny National Forest, I know how quickly simple brush fires can get out of con-trol at this time of the year, often dev-astating acres of forest. In Pennsyl-vania, it is estimated that nearly 7,000 acres of State and private land are burned each year. Additionally, nearly all brush fires, an estimated 85 percent, occur in the months of March, April, and May. Because of the prevalence of fires at this time of the year, I also want to praise the efforts of our fire depart-ments across the Commonwealth. These men and women, the vast major-ity of whom are volunteers, volunteer their time and service to their commu-nities and often put their lives on the line to save property and homes im-pacted by fires which grow out of con-trol. Nearly all wildfires are caused by human activity, which is why it is so important that we continue to educate the public on commonsense ways to stop them before they start. f 
COUNTDOWN TO EARTH DAY 2016 (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, to mark this first week of spring, this week I launched a Countdown to Earth Day 2016 across our congressional district, a district that encompasses the largest watershed in the entire Great Lakes, that flows into Lake Erie. With greater rainfall causing rising nutrient runoff and with millions of people and livestock inhabiting this watershed, the persistent and growing challenge of algal blooms into Lake Erie threatens our precious freshwater supply. This 21st century challenge is one we must meet. Thus, each week until Earth Day, April 22, I intend to focus on practical ways citizens can help to restore our ecosystem. This week our focus is people helping pollinators, as pollinators—bees, but-terflies, hummingbirds—are key to abundant plant growth in a region that needs less erosion, more wetland filtra-tion, better land and plant manage-ment. And one of three foods you eat is dependent on pollinators. Citizen plantings of staple garden standards such as parsley, dill, fennel, and other herbs contribute to polli-nator support and ecosystem health. They are landing pads for the growth of caterpillars and other beneficial in-sects. Everyone can help. For that reason, I encourage all Americans to get out-side, enjoy the new spring, restore our environment, and plant helpful herbs in your gardens and properties to pass 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.043 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1536 March 22, 2016 
on a healthier ecosystem to the next generation. 
f 
TERRORIST ATTACK IN BRUSSELS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as passengers boarded their early morning flights and commuters boarded the train to work, multiple bombs exploded in Brussels. Days after Belgian law enforcement captured alive ISIS terrorist Salah Abdeslam, one of the suspected ring-leaders in the Paris attacks, ISIS ter-rorists struck again. At least 30 civil-ians were murdered and more than 200 others were injured. Mr. Speaker, it is obvious that the U.S.’ current strategy against ISIS, which has allowed terrorist organiza-tions to retain havens from which to plan and launch attacks for nearly 2 years, is inadequate. Empty words claiming progress, containment, and success are meaningless. The latest attack is not surprising. Attacks will come to our soil if our leaders continue to refuse to define the enemy—radical Islam. Jihadists have promised to bring terror to the United States. They will deliver on that prom-ise if we do not use our full resources to eliminate them. They are at war with us. Whether we are at war with them is still very unclear. So as we mourn for the people of Bel-gium, the United States should work with all free people to eliminate this evil group, this terrorist group, ISIS. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DAVID PRINGLE FOR 37 YEARS OF SERVICE TO AFLAC INSURANCE COMPANY (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize David Pringle on his retirement and to con-gratulate him on his 37 years of service to Aflac Insurance Company. Mr. Pringle began his work with Aflac as a sales associate in Mis-sissippi, North Carolina, and West Vir-ginia. Through hard work and dedica-tion to the company, he was promoted to the senior vice president of govern-ment relations in 1990. He has main-tained that position ever since. One of Mr. Pringle’s most notable ac-complishments for Aflac is Aflac’s State employee training program, which he developed while working at Aflac’s global headquarters. Through his years of service, Mr. Pringle has established himself as an expert in the field of health care, writ-ing several publications on healthcare reform and insurance policies. Mr. Pringle’s dedication to Aflac and his service to the betterment of the en-tire insurance industry will certainly be missed. I wish him the best with his future endeavors. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF FIVE OUTSTANDING UNITED STATES AIR FORCE LEADERS (Mr. HARDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of five of the most outstanding leaders in the United States Air Force. These five men— Major General Jay Silveria, Brigadier General Christopher Short, Colonel Richard Boutwell, Colonel Thomas Dempsey, and Colonel Aaron Steffens— have all served with honor and distinc-tion at the Nellis Air Force Base back in my district in southern Nevada. As a freshmen Member of Congress, I couldn’t have asked for a better cadre of officers to lead the many young servicemembers who call my district home. It has been a privilege to develop strong working relationships with each of these commanders and to seek their informed counsel on some of the most pressing issues affecting the readiness and the capabilities of our Air Force, as well as our national security prior-ities. While I am sad to see them go, I know that they will bring the same in-tegrity and leadership to their new commands. To Tonto, Junior, Chase, Vader, and Fangs, the Nation is grateful for your service, and I wish you the best. Aim high. 
f 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, in 1981, we started a national celebration in the United States honoring women. Con-gress passed legislation which author-ized and requested the President to proclaim the week of March 7, 1928, as Women’s History Week. b1545 Throughout the next 5 years, Con-gress continued to pass joint resolu-tions designating a week in March as Women’s History Week. In 1987, Congress passed a new stat-ute which designated the entire month of March, 1987, as Women’s History Month. Between 1988 and 1994, Congress passed additional resolutions request-ing and authorizing the President to proclaim March of each year as Wom-en’s History Month. Since 1985, Presidents Clinton, Bush, and Obama have issued a series of an-nual proclamations designating the month of March as Women’s History Month. We have so many women all through-out our country and each one of our congressional districts who have gone above and beyond and have etched their place into history through their outstanding service to their commu-nity and their country. We have women who serve in our military, who are teachers in our class-rooms, women who are first responders, artists, and businessowners. I certainly wouldn’t be able to be where I am today, standing here in this Chamber, if not for all the women in my life, especially my two daughters, Mikayla and Arianna. There are two women who have strong New York-1 roots. One is from Setauket. Anna Strong was an Amer-ican patriot and a member of the Culper Spy Ring, George Washington’s military intelligence unit. As part of George Washington’s net-work of spies, she literally put it all on the line for liberty during the Amer-ican Revolution, hanging different gar-ments on her clothesline as a signal to other patriots on the movements of the British forces throughout Long Island. Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was the First Lady to our 35th President, John F. Kennedy. Jackie O was born on the east end of Long Island in South-ampton. In addition to her role as First Lady, she is also remembered for her contributions to the arts and historic preservation. In each one of our districts, we can personalize what Women’s History Month means to our individual dis-tricts because etched in the history going back in generations there is so much sacrifice to be able to not only take care of their families, but to ad-vance their communities and their country. The freedom and liberty that we cherish here in this Chamber would not be possible without the sacrifices of so many whom we honor throughout the year at different times, but it is the month of March in particular that we take an extra special pause to say thank you. Before I served in Congress, I served in the New York State Senate. During my time there, there were countless measures to be supported ensuring that women are protected and given access to opportunity, security, and pros-perity. As one of our colleagues, V
IR-
GINIA FOXX, recently pointed out, every issue is a woman’s issue. In 2012 and 2013, while serving in the State senate, I had the opportunity to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.063 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1537 March 22, 2016 
vote in favor of the New York State Senate’s Women’s Equality Agenda, which passed the senate in both years. It was a robust package of legislation to help with various protections, in-cluding what I am supportive of: equal pay for equal work. I also voted to create a workforce training program within the Depart-ment of Labor. I fought for this pro-gram because, with the current state of the economy, many women and their families are struggling. This program would help women to obtain higher paying jobs and give them access to better opportunities to provide for themselves and their fami-lies. In State houses all across this coun-try and local governments as well, there are opportunities to provide more of a chance for that woman and her family to be able to achieve truly the American Dream. But sometimes government, regula-tions, and laws can block and prevent that access, access to educational op-portunities, the ability to maybe own your own small business and grow it into something greater. It is our duty, whether you are serv-ing as a village mayor or a local town supervisor or if you are a Member of the United States Congress, to seek out opportunities to best represent those for whom we are elected to be their voice and ensure that they are given maximum opportunity to succeed. I am pleased to be joined this after-noon by Mrs. D
IANE BLACK , who is an amazing, exceptional woman in her own right. I am sure that, at some point, there will be a Women’s History Month Spe-cial Order in this Chamber a couple of generations from now where they will be talking about all of your out-standing service. You have not only served your district well, but have served our entire country well. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee (Mrs. B
LACK ). Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend, Mr. Z
ELDIN , for yielding to me. I have been sitting here listening to the gentleman’s words, and I will say that I am honored to have the gen-tleman here talking about the women in his life, particularly his wife and his two daughters, and what the future may bring for them. Mr. Speaker, it is often said that every issue is a woman’s issue, and it is true. I know Representative Z
ELDIN  just made that comment. When we talk about tax reform for our small businesses, this directly im-pacts 30 percent of small businessowners who are women. When we talk about repealing ObamaCare’s harmful 30-hour rule that is depressing hours and wages, we do so with the knowledge that the majority of those harmed by this rule are women. When we talk about preserving and protecting the American Dream for fu-ture generations, we do so with the hope that young girls like my two granddaughters would be able to live a life that they choose for themselves, not that someone else chooses for them. For me, this topic is deeply personal. I spent the first years of my life living in public housing, the daughter of par-ents with no more than a ninth grade education. I know how matters of pov-erty acutely impact women because I lived it. I came from a background where peo-ple didn’t always know how to dream, and as a result, I was prepared to settle for a life of unfilled potential. I had started to believe that, as a young woman growing up in the 1950s and 1960s who literally lived on the other side of the track, that maybe the American Dream wasn’t for me. But, in time, Mr. Speaker, doors of opportunity were opened that helped me realize a plan for my life that was greater than I could ever imagine. I became the first person in my fam-ily to earn a college degree. I fulfilled my desire to become a registered nurse, and I became privileged to serve the State of Tennessee in the legislature and now in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I have traveled to far corners of the world, and I have seen the struggle that women endure for ac-cess to education, a paycheck, and for real independence. I am also keenly aware that only here in this country is this story of mine possible. Only here could some-one like me go from living in the halls of a public housing complex to serving in the Halls of the United States Con-gress. That is why we call it the Amer-ican Dream. On this Women’s History Month, we must resolve to ensure that stories like mine aren’t unique. The work we do here in Congress must reach today’s young women with the truth that they have God-given gifts waiting to be used and that the American Dream is theirs to share in as well. I again thank Congressman ZELDIN  for bringing us together for this impor-tant conversation. Mr. ZELDIN. I thank Mrs. B
LACK for her important words and again for all her service. One of the things that I will forever be inspired by with regard to Mrs. B
LACK ’s service here in this Chamber is how much she values family and the strength of a strong family and the need for champions at all levels of gov-ernment to fight on their behalf. I mentioned earlier my two daugh-ters, Mikayla and Arianna, identical girls. They are 9
1⁄2. They are finishing fourth grade. When they were born, they were less than a pound and a half. They were born 14
1⁄2weeks early. I was actually in Iraq in 2006, and a Red Cross message came out and said that my wife, Diana, went into labor and the babies weren’t going to make it. It was a sad time. It was the 22nd week. The doctors at Georgetown Univer-sity Hospital were amazing. Somehow they managed to keep my daughters alive for 3 more weeks. They were born in the 25th week. These girls went through more in their 31⁄2months in the hospital than I would ever wish upon anyone to have to experience. You learn a lot about prayer. I hope this is okay. We probably ac-cepted prayers in about 16 different re-ligions during that experience. We would see these twins on one side of our girls, and the twins might be grow-ing faster than ours. We might say to ourselves why aren’t our girls growing as quickly as those two. But then on the other side there might be triplets, and you are watching parents mourn the loss of one of their triplets. You learn to count your blessings, understanding that it is not about you. It is about them. Thanks to the mir-acle of prayer and modern medicine, they were able to come home. They were on about a dozen medica-tions each and heart monitors. It wasn’t easy. They didn’t hit 8 pounds until they were about 13 months old. But these girls were so strong. What they experienced during their time in the hospital was absolutely amazing to me and my wife. They had multiple surgeries while they were there. There was a time where one of my daughters went into what is call septic shock, which has a 80, 90 percent mortality rate. While she was in septic shock, she had a stroke. The doctors actually recommended that my wife and I discontinue treat-ment. Mikayla wasn’t getting any bet-ter, but she wasn’t getting any worse for about 24 hours, up to this point where the doctors were recommending that we discontinue treatment and let her go. We decided that, if she was going to keep fighting, we would keep fighting with her. We elected to do this really risky brain surgery. My wife and I went to her and said goodbye. We went to the waiting room expecting the worst and hoping for the best. The doctors came to us when surgery was done and said that Mikayla is not out of the woods yet, but things went better than expected. With a whole lot of fight, strength, prayer, and a lot of amazing medicine and expertise at that hospital, they are doing great. They are doing great. Now, Mikayla ended up getting some early intervention when she was younger. My two daughters are equals with their peers. They have caught up to them. Just think of how many op-portunities were provided to these girls from the moment they went into the hospital to today to be able to survive and to succeed. Now, there are a lot of decisions that get made here in this Chamber that im-pact women, future women leaders of our country, young girls and boys who aren’t old enough to vote. Yet, some of the most important con-sequences of the decisions made in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.065 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1538 March 22, 2016 
Chamber impact not just the women of today, but those of tomorrow who don’t even have a vote. There are women in this Chamber now. I have a few freshman colleagues who come to mind. And there are sev-eral women who were elected. E
LISE STEFANIK is the youngest woman ever elected to Congress. She just turned 31 years old. M
ARTHA MCSALLY is the first female fighter pilot in American military his-tory. She is serving here now as a freshman. I believe a happy birthday is in order to her. I would say maybe happy 27th birth-day, if you are listening. I don’t want to get myself into trouble, but happy birthday to Martha. M
IALOVE is the first Black Repub-lican woman, but she is Mormon and Haitian. She is all sorts of firsts and is inspiring so many. All of the three women I have just mentioned—and there are more that I could mention—are inspiring my daughters’ generation to aim high be-cause you may be a veteran, you might become a teacher, you might some day be an elected official or an artist or a businessowner. b1600 It is good to have role models. That is why I speak about Anna Strong, an American patriot, who is part of that story of how our Nation was founded. Or, as I mentioned, Jacqueline Ken-nedy Onassis, who was born in the First Congressional District of New York. The decisions that we make here in this Chamber impact that next genera-tion not even old enough to vote. So when we talk about the economy and budgets and debts and deficits, do you know what? I am not as concerned about the person who is part of making that decision or has a voice as much as a strong passion and emotion for that young girl who is going to be inher-iting the consequences of passing the buck off to people who aren’t even old enough to vote. I spoke of my daughters, I talk about health, I talk about prayer, I talk about education, and the decisions that are made in this Chamber, in State houses, and local governments that provide opportunities for the business owners and the teachers while we pause on Women’s History Month to honor those who have come before us. It is every day while we serve, every day that we serve, that we should pursue those opportunities in any way possible for anyone around now or that future generation. I am proud to say that the highest ranking Republican woman in the United States of America is standing right next to me. We all deeply admire C
ATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS on so many levels for her outstanding leadership in this Chamber. I know that some of the women’s names I just mentioned who now serve here, or my daughters who are looking for role models in life, that so many look up to you as they do Mrs. BLACK , who spoke just before you. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMOR-
RISRODGERS ). Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I appreciate his service and his leadership on behalf of the people of New York and for being an advocate to make history move forward for women. As we walk these halls of Congress, it is hard to miss the bronze and marble reminders of women who blazed the trail before us. We follow their lead, re-member their struggles, and enjoy the rights and freedoms they have helped us secure. Perhaps the most lasting tribute we can make for them is through our effort to make history for the next generation of trailblazers. Friends, we are nearing the end of Women’s History Month, and I have re-flected on the words of our beloved First Lady Nancy Reagan, who passed away earlier this month: ‘‘Feminism is the ability to choose what you want to do.’’ Her words remind me just how much young girls need role models. They need to be able to look up to cou-rageous women in every field who in-spire them to dream so that they can say: She’s cool. That’s what I want to do, too. Women like Dr. Shelley Redinger, the Superintendent of Spokane Public Schools in Spokane, who has been on the forefront of significantly improv-ing graduation rates. She represents the school district by serving on sev-eral community boards, yet still finds time to visit or teach a class in one of the district’s 50 schools. Women like Dr. Patricia Butterfield, the dean of the WSU College of Nurs-ing, who is recognized both in nursing and health sciences as a regional, na-tional, and international scholar, and takes time to inspire her own students to have a sense of discovery. Women like Brooke Martin, a 15- year-old from eastern Washington, who 3 years ago developed the idea for iCPooch to solve her dog’s separation anxiety using video chat. After coming in second in a prestigious science com-petition, her invention is now sold on three continents. It is my honor to represent these in-spirational women. As the second chairwoman of the House Republican Conference, it is a privilege to serve alongside my passionate, accom-plished, and talented House Republican colleagues, who are as diverse as the regions we represent. R
ENEE ELLMERS and D IANE BLACK  were nurses. M
IMIWALTERS was a stockbroker. M
ARTHA MCSALLY was a colonel in the Air Force and the first female fighter pilot. B
ARBARA COMSTOCK juggled starting a family with completing law school before she became chief counsel of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. S
USAN BROOKS was a U.S. attorney in Indiana, prosecuting high-profile cases of mortgage fraud and online child ex-ploitation. VIRGINIA FOXX was the first in her family to go to college. She later earned a master’s degree and a doc-torate in education and served as presi-dent of a community college. K
AYGRANGER was the first woman to be elected mayor of Fort Worth and is the first and only Republican woman elected from Texas to the House of Representatives. M
ARSHA BLACKBURN was the first woman to sell books door to door for Southwestern Company. After working her way up in the company, Marsha left to build a small business of her own. V
ICKY HARTZLER was raised on the farm, served in the Missouri State House until taking time off after adopting a baby daughter, and then be-came the second Republican woman elected to Congress from Missouri. J
AIME HERRERA BEUTLER is the first Hispanic in history to represent Wash-ington State in the House, and her daughter is the first child to survive Potter’s Syndrome. L
YNN JENKINS was raised on a dairy farm, and she is a certified public ac-countant. C
YNTHIA LUMMIS was the youngest woman elected to the Wyoming Legis-lature. C
ANDICE MILLER served as Michigan’s first female secretary of state. K
RISTI NOEMleft college early to help run her family’s ranch after her father died, but later earned her bachelor’s degree in 2012, while serving in Con-gress. M
ARTHA ROBYworked at a law firm, and she is one of the first two women elected to Congress from Alabama. I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN is the first Cuban American Latina elected to Con-gress. A
NNWAGNER was the United States Ambassador to Luxembourg. J
ACKIE WALORSKI wore many hats. She was a television reporter, a mis-sionary, and even the executive direc-tor of her local Humane Society. E
LISE STEFANIK , at 30, was the young-est woman ever elected to Congress. M
IALOVEis the first African Amer-ican Republican woman to serve in the House. A
MATA RADEWAGEN is the first woman elected to serve in Congress from American Samoa. Each story is unique and incredible, and our presence in Congress is a re-minder that all issues are women’s issues. For women in every corner of the country, we care about achieving a bet-ter life for ourselves and our children. As Congresswoman B
LACKBURN so aptly put it: It is a poetic coincidence that Mrs. Reagan passed away during this month of remembrance. She will go down in history as one of the most influential and consequential first la-dies in American history, and a perma-nent fixture in our memories. The onus is now on us as women lead-ers to show girls across this country 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.066 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1539 March 22, 2016 
that with hard work, they can achieve anything. No dream is too big and no goal too farfetched. We take seriously this responsibility to encourage and empower the next generation of female leaders with how we interact, how we present ourselves as leaders, and the policies we choose to pursue. That is why House Republicans are building an agenda to restore a con-fident America, where every American feels secure in their lives and in their futures. Let’s focus on a bright future for every American, every woman, to live courageously, follow their hearts, see potential in others, and be risk- takers. That is where women can keep making history for generations to come. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS for being a strong leader, a trailblazer, and a role model to many women who serve here in this Chamber and to, I am sure, countless women inside of her district and all around this country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), who was referenced by Mrs. M
CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , for her role taking on incred-ible responsibility inside of our Justice Department ensuring that America and her community was safe. She continues her service here today as an important leader and voice in this Chamber. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman from New York for yielding, and I thank him for leading this Special Order. I want to also thank and commend him for his service to our country in his many years of service in the armed services. I rise today in honor of Women’s His-tory Month, as have those who have gone before me. One hundred years ago, the very first woman was elected to Congress. Her name was Representative Jeannette Rankin. She was elected by the people of the great State of Montana to serve in the House of Representatives. This was even a few years before women were given the right to vote in this country. Since then, 313 women have served in Congress as United States representa-tives, delegates, or Senators. So think about that: 100 years and only 313 women have been elected to represent their home districts and States in this country. I am very proud to be here with the gentlewoman from Tennessee, and we just heard from the gentlewoman from the State of Washington, and I am proud to be one of these 313 women. When I was elected, I joined my col-league from Indiana, J
ACKIE WALORSKI , and we were, in fact, the first Repub-lican women elected to represent the State of Indiana in 53 years. It had been 53 years since a representative— her name was Cecil Hardin—rep-resented the western part of our State. She served in Congress for 10 years from 1949 to 1959. One hundred years after Representa-tive Rankin made history by winning the first congressional seat held by women, women like me are still mak-ing history by running and winning elected office. Today, I serve in the House of Representatives with 84 women. As you have just heard, we are as diverse as the places we represent. Yet, as I talk to my colleagues, we all agree on one thing: We have much more work to do. Even though there are a record number of women in Con-gress, we are still just 20 percent of the total. We are not alone, however, in that gender disparity. From Congress to State legislatures, to governors and mayor’s offices, women represent about one in five elected officials. That figure has remained relatively consistent since the 1990s. We have plateaued. It is not just in Congress. That same gender disparity can be seen at the Emmy Awards, in the executive board-room, and in the newsroom. This Women’s History Month, in-stead of just focusing on all of the in-credible accomplishments and achieve-ments of the women that have come before us, I also want to mention for a short time about our hopes and our goals for the future, our dreams for what women will be able to accomplish in the next 100 years. More women are now earning college degrees—associate’s, bachelor’s, and doctoral—than men today. These women, as they graduate, are actually more likely than their male counter-parts to have a job lined up. These young women are the future history makers who will work on the front lines to fight cancer and to find a cure to cancer. They will serve with dignity in this Chamber and they will serve in leadership levels at all levels of govern-ment. They will be the women who will lead in the board room, and they will be the women who will build the next generation of technology. We know that there are women com-ing behind us who will be making a dif-ference. I look forward to future Wom-en’s History Months when we can talk about those women and what they have achieved. Again, I want to thank Mr. ZELDIN  for giving us the opportunity to talk about women, both past, present, and future. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. B
ROOKS for being here. Hopefully, for all of those young girls who come home from school and, as part of their routine, they are watching C–SPAN right now, looking for inspiration on what to do with their life—high school, college—you try to figure out what the right path is for you and you search around for role models. b1615 I can only imagine how many women have asked the gentlewoman: How? What is the path? Tell me. There really isn’t one path to get to this Chamber or to be that teacher or that veteran; but the gentlewoman has pursued a path that, I am sure, inspires so many in her home district, and I greatly thank her for her service to our coun-try. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. I thank the gentleman. I must say that, certainly, when I started my path right out of college, I would not have ever guessed that I would have been here in the United States House of Representatives. I think, when people approach you and ask you to consider this type of public service, I hope that a lot of young women look to the women who are here and see that we have been able to do it and that they can as well. It is an honor to serve with the gen-tleman. Mr. ZELDIN. I would also venture to guess, during the gentlewoman’s time as a prosecutor in our judicial system, that there have been countless women whom she has seen firsthand who have searched for that advice on how to go through that really tough challenge in their lives and their feeling vulnerable or trapped but with that strength of character of knowing there is someone around to help them out of tough times. The gentlewoman’s experiences throughout that path must give her an incredible perspective for those women who might, right now, be in abusive re-lationships or who have suffered some-thing traumatic in their lives and don’t know where to go. They feel trapped. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. I have to tell the gentleman that I think there have been a number of women role models in my life, women who have served as judges—Federal judges, State court judges—who have been tremen-dous mentors to the women of the bar. I have been an attorney for 30 years, and there is a sisterhood of those who practice law and who work to uphold the laws. We work together to try to support each other, not just in the courtrooms but on our professional ca-reer paths. They are women like Fed-eral Judge Sarah Evans Barker, who is about to retire, and another Federal judge, Sue Shields, who was the first female judge in the State of Indiana. She was the first female judge at the State court level, and then she also served on the Federal bench as a mag-istrate. They have been strong role models and have helped us as lawyers to deal with our colleagues or with those we are bringing up through the ranks and offering that hand up as they have of-fered that hand up to me. We are, often, trying to make sure that women can overcome whatever obstacles they might have in continuing their career paths. Mr. ZELDIN. I am witnessing, first-hand, the gentlewoman’s giving back many times over. I thank her for par-ticipating in honor of Women’s History Month and for all she does in creating her own legacy and trailblazing herself, which I am sure will be spoken about for many years to come. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. I thank the gentleman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.068 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1540 March 22, 2016 
I only hope to make Cecil Harden’s legacy proud, who served from 1949 to 1959, as a Member who is severing in this great Chamber from the great State of Indiana. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, as Mrs. B
ROOKS departs, I think of C ATHY  M
CMORRIS RODGERS ’ words in that this has been an inspiring hour. I just think of these three women who are standing before me and what they have accom-plished. Gosh. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ). I thank her for being here and for making this an im-portant hour and important message on so many different levels. Mrs. BLACK. I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I have the honor of rec-ognizing someone who mentored me when I was back in the State senate and had the honor of serving there with a Lieutenant Governor who was a very fine man and who is retiring. I thank the gentleman for yielding in order for me to recognize him and to let him know how much we have appre-ciated his service to the State of Ten-nessee. I thank him for his mentorship to me as a young senator back at the State level. Mr. ZELDIN. I can only imagine how many stories the gentlewoman might have along the way of the people with whom she came in contact. Mr. Speaker, for me, my parents were divorced and remarried, so I grew up with four parents. I went through a few divorces with them. Now, my grand-parents were married for over 71 years. If they lost everything—if they didn’t have a home, if they didn’t have any money, if they didn’t have any friends—and if they only had each other, they would have been happy. They found success in life as soon as they had found each other. Before the gentlewoman leaves, I just want to let her know how much so many Members of this Chamber appre-ciate everything she does. Whatever it is that she has experienced or encoun-tered in life in her path to get here today, she makes the most of every minute of being in this Chamber on be-half of keeping our families strong, and I value that very much. Mrs. BLACK. I thank the gentleman for that. I appreciate his saying that. Mr. Speaker, my family is number one in my life. I have two grand-daughters, and I am hoping that every-thing that I teach them—that includes cooking and sewing and fishing—they will remember fondly as they grow into young women as well. I encourage them to be all that they can be, and I think, given their strong personalities that I see right now, we are going to see them as being leaders when they grow up as well. Mr. ZELDIN. After this hour is over, at another time, maybe the gentle-woman can give me advice, since I have two 9-year-old girls at home, as to what is in store for me in 2 or 3 years. I hear these vicious rumors that things might change. Mrs. BLACK. I will tell the gen-tleman, no matter what phase they go through, they will always be your little girls. The thing that the gentleman needs to do, every day, every night, every moment, is just let them know how much he loves them, and they will grow up to be fine young women. Mr. ZELDIN. If they ever give me a hard time, I will say that DIANE BLACK  told me that this was only going to be temporary. Mrs. BLACK. You send them to see Mama Black. Mr. ZELDIN. All right. Hopefully, I won’t be doing that as a last resort. I might make that plan A. Mrs. BLACK. I have a feeling that the gentleman is going to be quite a good daddy—that he is and that he will be—as they grow through those dif-ficult years, which all little girls do; so the gentleman will have those years. Just remember, on the other end, they will come out to be beautiful young women. Mr. ZELDIN. I thank the gentle-woman. In all seriousness, she really does provide inspiration for so many in how much she values a strong family. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Mr. T
EDPOE, who is well respected in this Chamber for not just his straight talk and his intellect, but as someone who is a fierce champion of American security and of our Constitution. It is obvious that he also has a soft spot in his heart for the importance of honoring those in our lives and in our country who have come before us and who serve today to make this place extra special. Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the gen-tleman from New York. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to be here, as the gentleman says, to recog-nize the people who have influenced our lives. Of course, we are talking about the women who have influenced our lives to help us be what we turned out to be. I want to talk specifically about some Texas women whom I con-sider to be a rare breed. They are tena-cious, strong-willed, nurturing, and also kind. One of those is my mother. I am blessed that my mom and dad are both alive. They are 90 years of age. My mom was a Red Cross volunteer during World War II. She met my dad. He was in World War II, in Germany, coming back to the United States. He was being re-equipped for the invasion of Japan. They met at a Wednesday night prayer meeting. We call that ‘‘church’’ in Texas. They got married, and they have been married now for 70 years. She not only started out as a volun-teer, but she has done all remarkable things, including being a school-teacher, raising my sister and me, and doing other wonderful things. In the State of Texas, we are proud, as other States are. We have many modern-day influential women, includ-ing former First Ladies Laura Bush and Barbara Bush and our late Gov-ernor, Ann Richards. These women were influential, powerful, and success-ful in their own right, but they were not the first of their kind. There was another generation of pioneers who came before them, women like my grandmother, Lady Bird Johnson, and Ma Ferguson, who paved the way for future generations of Texas women. My grandmother, really, was more influential in my life than were my own parents. She lived to the age of 99. She raised me to be in public service, and I always have been in public serv-ice because of her: I taught school; I was in the Air Force Reserves; I was a prosecutor; then I was a judge and a Member of Congress—all because of my grandmother. She taught me many les-sons, and she made it very simple. Not only did she inspire me to be in public service—I took that good advice—but she said, until the day she died, that she had failed, for my grandmother was, as we say in the South, a Yellow Dog Democrat. She could not believe that I had crossed over to the other side and become a Republican, and I am not sure that she ever forgave me for being a Republican. She was a strong-minded, no non-sense individual. She used to always say, ‘‘There is nothing more powerful than a woman who has made up her mind,’’ and that is true. For a woman who has made up her mind, get out of the way. We find that true even today. That has proven to be one of the most valuable lessons she ever taught me. President Lyndon Johnson was a hard-nosed politician, but his contribu-tions to Texas as President were really surpassed, in my opinion, by his dogged First Lady or, as we called her, Lady Bird Johnson. She was one of the finest Southern and politically astute women we have ever had in the State of Texas. While she is best remembered for her love of the environment and the preser-vation of our natural resources, she was no wallflower in the business and political world either. She was her hus-band’s strongest supporter and was with him, giving advice, step for step, throughout his entire career while, at the same time, carving out a path for herself in the business world. She turned a debt-ridden Austin radio sta-tion into a multimillion-dollar broad-cast empire. Her resume reads like that of a superwoman. Among her many achievements, she played a pivotal part in shaping legis-lation by lobbying and speaking before Congress in support of the highway beautification bill, better known as Lady Bird’s Bill. She oversaw every de-tail in the creation of the Presidential library, which became a model for other Presidential libraries today. Of course, she served faithfully, and often in awe of her colleagues, as a regent of her alma mater, the University of Texas. Every spring—this time of the year— people head up from Houston to Austin on Highway 290. They see the wildflowers, and there are bazillions of them everywhere at this time of the year. Every bluebonnet we see through-out Texas Hill Country and every tree 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.071 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1541 March 22, 2016 
we plant here at home, along a place called Will Clayton Parkway, is a trib-ute to Lady Bird Johnson and her de-termination that we are going to keep Texas beautiful. Before there was a Lady Bird, Texas was home to another fiery, inspira-tional woman. You may have never heard about her. Her name was Ma Fer-guson. The year was 1899—over 100 years ago—when Miriam Amanda Wal-lace married James Ferguson, who later became the Governor of Texas. Ma Ferguson served as the first lady of Texas from 1915 until 1917, which was about 2
1⁄2years, until Pa Ferguson got himself in a little trouble. He was im-peached by the State of Texas and the legislature during his second term and was barred from ever running for office anywhere again. Then Ma changed history. She did the unthinkable and ran for Governor of Texas—as a woman. Texas had only been run by men before, but Ma didn’t care—she was going to run. She ran on a platform of two Governors for the election of one. Of course, Ma was not in prison like Pa was, but, apparently, they did work together. She ran against Klan-supported Felix Robert-son in the Democratic primary and claimed victory with the Democratic nomination. Back in those days, there were no Republicans in Texas. Every-body was a Democrat. The handful of Republicans never admitted it. Win-ning the Democrat primary was tanta-mount to winning the general election in November. Ma later became the first female Governor of Texas and only the second female Governor of the whole United States. She defeated a little known candidate in 1924 called George Butte, a Republican. The two Fergusons became known as ‘‘Ma and Pa,’’ and—no surprise—Ma ran the show. However, Ma’s Governor-ship was tainted by the criticism of her loose policy of pardoning people in the penitentiary. She was not above her critics—she pardoned thousands of in-mates during her Governorship. To many, the motive behind the pardons was a little questionable, and allega-tions of bribery, ultimately, led to her next Governor’s race and its defeat. After she lost the next election, Ma continued her political fight, and she regained her Governor’s seat in 1932— again, for a second term. b1630 One of her best achievements was the signing of Texas House Bill 194. It es-tablished the University of Houston as a 4-year institution. Now, Mr. Speaker, I went to the Uni-versity of Houston Law School. I am glad it got established. Ma would be proud to see the University of Houston today. The Ferguson name lived long after the retirement of both Ma and Pa. My grandmother, Lady Bird Johnson, Ma Ferguson, Ann Richards, and the Bush women came from a generation of women that were strong and influen-tial. They possessed the grace of an angel, yet led with both forceful and ef-fective political genius. Few women of their later generation worked outside of the home, but few men succeeded without the backing of those ladies. These women did it all. They effortlessly backed their hus-bands while changing the world all at the same time. March, this month, is Women’s His-tory Month. So it is time we honor those women who lived years and years ago, honor those women who lived back during the Greatest Generation’s time and, of course, the women who live today. All those women now are in every profession, as stated earlier, including the legal profession, acting as judges and prosecutors and, not only that, Members of Congress, Members of Cabi-nets, and ladies that give a lot of their time and money to the community. So we are thankful for them. I appreciate the time that the gen-tleman from New York has given me so we could talk about some of these iron- willed, strong-willed women that have made up their minds. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas. I would imagine anyone who was wondering what Women’s History Month was all about should just listen to your remarks as you pay excep-tional tribute to some amazing women from your home State of Texas who all left a mark not only in your life, but in others’ lives as well. These are women who, I am sure, are getting celebrated all throughout your State and this country not just by you, but by others as well. In my home State of New York, it is tough. They give us a month and here tonight they give us an hour. There really are so many different women who gave us this opportunity to take us to today where the two of us can stand here on this particular House floor and speak to each other about such an important topic that appar-ently 25 years ago didn’t even happen. It wasn’t even until the early 1980s that we even started recognizing a women’s history week. So here we are, and I am glad that you are part of it. I can see that there is a lot of inspiration from women in your life. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York. I agree with him. A month is really not enough time to celebrate and honor women in our history that just made a big difference in a lot of people’s lives. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, there are a lot of people here in this Chamber who all find different issues that inter-est them that they focus heavily on and move the ball forward in a very positive way. The one thing that I have experi-enced during my time serving here— and I am in my first term and serve on the House Foreign Affairs Committee— is that, as the subcommittee chairman of the Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee, what I have ex-perienced is that you do a lot to keep America safe, to keep the women and men of your district and this country safe. So I really do appreciate your serv-ice. Because this is not just about re-flecting on service in the past, but challenging ourselves to do even more and to provide more opportunity for-ward. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ), who has a very special guest here she would like to recognize. 
LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR RON RAMSEY  
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I recog-nize Tennessee’s Lieutenant Governor Ron Ramsey, who is going to be retir-ing after his years of service. Today I rise to honor my friend, Lieutenant Governor Ron Ramsey, on his upcoming retirement from the Ten-nessee State Senate. It is not an exag-geration to say that Lieutenant Gov-ernor Ramsey changed Tennessee his-tory. He was, after all, our first Repub-lican Lieutenant Governor in over 140 years. His legacy will be one of preserving that which makes Tennessee special: our low tax burden, our commitment to fiscal responsibility, and our tradi-tion of defending life. It was among one of the great honors of my professional career to serve as chairman of the State Republican Cau-cus under his leadership and to partner with him as we laid the groundwork for the conservative supermajority that we enjoy today in Tennessee. I will never forget being in the Sen-ate Chamber the moment that Lieuten-ant Governor Ron Ramsey was elected. He came to the well of the Senate floor and, before doing anything else, paid honor to God, telling all of us in the room and everyone else watching that it is to Him we owe our very being. He then thanked his family, includ-ing his wife, Sindy, who has served Tennessee with distinction as our Sec-ond Lady for nearly a decade. In that moment, Lieutenant Gov-ernor Ramsey reminded all of us of his priorities. He loves our State. He loves public service. But as anyone who knows him can attest, his faith and his family are of the greatest importance. I will always be thankful to him for setting that example. Mr. Speaker, it should be noted that Lieutenant Governor Ramsey arose to his post in the State leadership shortly after a dark time in Tennessee history, which saw the very public failings of legislators on both sides of the aisle. He was an example of character and personal integrity at that moment when we needed it the most and, in time, he made us believe that govern-ment could do right by its people. Lieu-tenant Governor Ramsey often re-minded us, ‘‘It matters who governs.’’ Indeed, it does. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.072 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1542 March 22, 2016 
As we reflect on where Tennessee has come from and where we are headed, we can say with certainty that our State is stronger because of Ron Ramsey’s leadership. I count it a privi-lege to call him my friend. I wish him, his wife Sindy, and his beautiful family all the best in this next chapter of their lives. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, as we come toward the end of our hour re-membering and celebrating the women who have come before us and who serve today, trying their hardest to create more opportunities going forward, I would like to mention eight young la-dies from the First Congressional Dis-trict of New York who I was proud to nominate to service academies this year: Taya Coniglio, Skylar Grathwohl, and Gabriella Franco were nominated to the U.S. Naval Academy. Ally McFayden and Dana Fasano were nominated to the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy. Chelsea Chamberlin, Isabella Cortes, and Emma Fasolino were nominated to the U.S. Military Academy. These eight young ladies have stepped up wanting to raise their hand to defend our country. Going off to a service academy comes with an obliga-tion to wear that uniform and serve on Active Duty afterwards. For anyone who signs up post-9/11, you understand what it is that you are signing up for. To just think that these young ladies were 2, 3 years old on Sep-tember 11, 2001, all that they know is the post-9/11 America and world. Yet, they are signing up to want to serve our country as officers. There are over 2 million women vet-erans. So as we consider legislation in this House, I cosponsored H.R. 1356, the Women Veterans Access to Quality Care Act, which assists our women vet-erans. While we try to provide more access to health care for our women veterans, there are many opportunities available to us that still have not yet been achieved and pursued to victory. Women make up 15 percent of the U.S. military’s Active-Duty personnel and 18 percent of the National Guard and Reserve forces. H.R. 1356 will improve VA facilities for women veterans, hold VA medical facility directors accountable for per-formance measures, ensure the avail-ability of OB/GYN services in VA med-ical centers, and calls for a GAO study on the VA’s ability to meet the needs of women veterans. Whether it is the eight young ladies I mentioned who wanted to go to U.S. service academies or those who are cur-rently, as we stand here, over in harm’s way in the Middle East and elsewhere, away from their families and who have sons and daughters here at home—and they may not just be on their first de-ployment. They may be on their fourth or fifth or sixth deployment. When they come home, whether they come home in one piece, whether they come home with the physical or mental wounds of war, whether they need as-sistance pursuing educational or voca-tional opportunities, I want to thank our women veterans for their service to our Nation. We honor all women during this hour, but I wanted to close by paying an extra special tribute and thank you to our women veterans and, once again, to all of the women in my life. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
WORLD WATER DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 30 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I want to welcome the Congressman and doctor, D
ANBENISHEK , from Michigan’s First District, which encompasses Marquette and Mackinac Island and Traverse City, to name a few famous towns and island. I welcome him to participate this evening as well as our other col-leagues from the Great Lakes. I rise tonight to mark the occasion of World Water Day. As such, I would like to discuss the Great Lakes, an Amer-ican freshwater treasure, irreplaceable on our globe. Actually, it is the largest source of freshwater in the United States and represents about 20 percent of the world’s freshwater supply. The district that I represent, which is a little south of Michigan, down in Ohio, sits nestled across Lake Erie’s entire south coast, extending from Cleveland all the way west to Toledo and encompasses all of Ohio’s ports but for one. There should be a sign, actually, on the Ohio Turnpike nearby that marks our shoreline as the step-off point, since Lake Erie is the most southern of all the lakes, as the largest body of freshwater on the face of the Earth. I see our dear colleague, the co-chair of the Great Lakes Task Force with me, Congressman M
IKEKELLY of Erie, Pennsylvania, who has joined us. It is also a great port city, nestled along these Great Lakes. Let me begin by saying, since the passage of the Clean Water Act in 1972, Lake Erie itself has been on a path to recovery. It got very sick back in the 20th century. Point sources of pollution, such as inadequate wastewater treatment fa-cilities and infrastructure and indus-trial outfalls have been slowly coming. Since back then and the passage of the Clean Water Act and the establishment of Earth Day, they have been coming into EPA compliance. One needs no further proof in track-ing the rebirth of America’s symbol, the bald eagle, than to really track Lake Erie’s health. Lake Erie is the shallowest of the lakes; and, therefore, it is kind of the canary in the coal mine. What happens there will happen in the other lakes subsequently. The bald eagle had actually become an endangered species by the time of the 1970s, and only two eagles were left on our great lake, Lake Erie. There were no eaglets being born. Due to the Clean Water Act’s passage and literally the banning of DDT and the repair of many of the industrial outfalls, which we are still working on, and the combined sewer overflows, what happened, as we moved into the 21st century, was human progress. Today hundreds of baby eaglets are being born across Lake Erie, and they are flying other places around the country. Amazingly, the bald eagle has been taken off the endangered species list. So progress is possible. Humans can really repair the environment if they are dedicated to us. For those of us who live in Lake Erie’s western basin, which is the far western part of the State, the health of our lake is a living reality and access to freshwater has become the back-ground noise of our daily lives, becom-ing more pronounced when tragedy strikes, as it did most recently in Flint, Michigan, and Sebring, Ohio, with lead in freshwater. b1645 Our region works and plays with a new normal that includes very frequent water quality reports now, updates on beach postings—whether you can swim or not—water utility fee increases, and a general concern about a troubling set of scientific questions that still go un-answered. Unfortunately, this administration has not recognized these concerns and seeks to cut Federal support to Great Lakes States by $148 million for next year. Some would call that an oxymoron; it makes no sense in view of what is happening across our region, but it is happening. This evening—and I am going to yield to my colleagues before I get into these topics—I would like to address the water infrastructure needs of the Great Lakes, harmful algal blooms, which literally shut down the city of Toledo’s water system a year-and-a- half ago, denying fresh water for 3 days to citizens, to businesses, and to insti-tutions in that region because of some-thing called microcystin, which is the toxic part of certain types of algal blooms which we are trying to address. So harmful algal blooms will be one of my topics. Another topic will be the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, which is so important to all of us in helping to improve our Great Lakes. Stopping the Asian carp is another topic. The next topic will be the Great Lakes navigation system itself, an an-tiquated system that has to be updated for this 21st century. Finally, I will discuss the harbor maintenance fund. These are all major issues across the Great Lakes region, which we would like to place on the R
ECORD this evening. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.073 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1543 March 22, 2016 
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me. Congressman B
ENISHEK , I thank you again so very much for being a leader for the Great Lakes and for coming down this evening. I now yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ). Mr. BENISHEK. I thank Ms. K
APTUR  very much for setting up this time for us to come together on the floor to talk about the importance of the Great Lakes. I also thank Mr. K
ELLY for being here as well. It is nice to know there are some issues that are truly bipartisan. I be-lieve that protecting our Great Lakes is really one of those. The Great Lakes are a vital part of our life in Michigan, particularly my district. I have more Great Lakes frontage than any other district in the country. I have three Great Lakes in my district with over 1,500 miles of frontage on three of the Great Lakes. We have more shoreline than any dis-trict in the country other than the State of Alaska, but that is all salt-water up there. I do not think there is a person in my district who does not consider the lakes a vital part of their lives, wheth-er it is fishing or swimming or sailing or kayaking or just plain sitting by the water. We love our lakes. It is a pure Michigan experience. I encourage you all to visit. Since coming to Congress, one of my top priorities has been working to keep the Great Lakes clean so that future generations may also enjoy them. I want my grandkids and their kids to experience the joy of their first local fishing derby on a summer day or going ice fishing with their buddies in the winter. The joys of living on or near the Great Lakes inspire us all to en-sure that they stay clean for future generations. However, we treasure our Great Lakes not only for their beauty and recreation they provide, but the incred-ible value they provide to our econ-omy. In Michigan alone, outdoor recre-ation generates $18.7 billion in con-sumer spending and supports nearly 200,000 jobs. Protecting the Great Lakes requires action on many fronts, which only makes sense. As Ms. K
APTUR said, these five Great Lakes represent more than 20 percent of all the fresh water in the world. That is why I have worked along with so many other of my mid-western colleagues to provide adequate funding for the Great Lakes Restora-tion Initiative, something the Presi-dent always seems to cut back on in his budget. This bipartisan effort, which must be renewed every year to guarantee that this important program continues, gives local communities across the Great Lakes the ability to clean up local beaches, preserve natural wildlife habitats, and to restore local water-sheds, among many other useful prod-ucts for the Great Lakes. In my district alone, GLRI funds sup-port projects like the Grand Traverse Bay Watershed Protection Project and the Beaver Island Archipelago Invasive Species Initiative. These programs help protect the Great Lakes while at the same time providing a boost to the local economy. The Soo Locks also have a major im-pact on our economy. Maintaining the integrity of the current lock system and ensuring the construction of a sec-ond lock is vital for both our national economy and our national security. Some people do not even realize that these locks exist. They are basically the Panama Canal of America. Much of the iron ore that is made into steel, which a lot of the industry in America depends on, passes through this lock. It would cause a major crisis if it should fail. I am proud to have led a trip with other Members of Congress to the Soo Locks last summer to raise the impor-tance about the importance of these locks. While we have secured funding for a new Economic Reevaluation Re-port from the Corps of Engineers, we must continue to raise awareness about the importance of this project while we await the publication of this report. Another issue that concerns all of us in the Great Lakes region is the threat of invasive species. From sea lampreys to quagga mussels that are already present in the Great Lakes, to the Asian carp which we are currently try-ing to prevent from gaining access, invasive species present a constant threat to this precious resource. I have worked closely with the gen-tleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) to reorganize the Congressional Invasive Species Caucus, and we are working to make invasive species a pri-ority in this Congress. While I will be leaving Congress at the end of this term, it is my hope that we can continue to work together this year in a bipartisan and constructive manner to protect the Great Lakes. I am willing to partner with anyone who is willing to do that. I thank Ms. K
AP-
TURfor doing this Special Order hour. Ms. KAPTUR. I thank Congressman B
ENISHEK very, very much. I thank him for his leadership on Great Lakes issues. That is a vast district that he represents and one that is vital to our country. I thank him for participating this evening. Before I yield to Congressman M
IKE K
ELLY of the Third District of Pennsyl-vania, I just want to say that the re-gion that we are talking about, the Great Lakes, actually, if it were a country on its own, would be the third largest economy in the world. We are talking about a vast and important part of our Nation with more fresh water than any other part of the con-tinent. The Great Lakes navigation system, including the Soo Locks that Congress-man B
ENISHEK referenced, encompasses this vast region, and the Seaway that is a part of this that was actually built by President Eisenhower—it was built back in the 1950s—constitutes through the locks the shortest distance between the heartland of America and the ports of northern Europe and many other global destinations. Most people have never been through the Soo Locks because we tend to move commerce through the locks. We have some tourism, obviously, but it really is a busy industrial corridor and has the lowest cost transportation. Water-borne transportation is the lowest cost mode of transportation. So you have the big containers and so forth that move through the Seaway, and then we have the interlake trade, which is heavily industrial, as Congressman BENISHEK referenced. In recent years, the number of pas-sages through the locks that go all the way from Duluth all the way out through Massena, New York, going throughout these Great Lakes, this whole system has averaged about 10,000 vessels per year. That is down a bit from prior years because what has hap-pened is the vessels got larger and they could carry more freight. But the sys-tem exists. It operates every day. The ports and channels of the Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Seaway System support over 226,000 jobs in both the United States and Canada because the Seaway is operated by both countries, and it brings a total of $33.5 billion in business revenue to the United States and Canada annually. For Ohio, our largest trading partner is Canada, and some of those goods move across the water. In the United States alone, the sys-tem supports over 128,000 jobs and pro-duces a total of $18.1 billion in business revenue annually. Over 42,000 of these jobs are direct jobs in the iron ore and steel industry, which Congressman B
ENISHEK referenced. The Great Lakes region produces 90 percent—90 per-cent—of America’s iron ore, and the Great Lakes region also manufactures 58 percent of automobiles on the roads in the United States and Canada. I think Congressman K
ELLY knows a whole lot about the automobile indus-try. So this manufacturing and com-modity supply chain can only function through the Great Lakes navigation system, which needs modernization. I am more than pleased to yield to the co-chair of the Great Lakes Task Force here in the House of Representa-tives, the very esteemed gentleman from Pennsylvania’s Third District (Mr. K
ELLY ) centered at Erie. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I thank the gentlewoman. I often refer to the gentlewoman not as Representative K
APTUR , but as ‘‘Our Lady of the Lakes’’ because, truly, we share a lot of the same concerns when it comes to an absolutely incredible gift from God that has been given to us. It is in our stewardship now. It was put in our care and custody with the idea that we are going to pass it on to the next genera-tion in better shape than what we re-ceived it. I think when we look at the Great Lakes, there are so many things you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.076 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1544 March 22, 2016 
can say about the Great Lakes. Often-times it is hard to sit back and say, what is it exactly that the Great Lakes represent? We have already said it is one-fifth of the world’s fresh water, not one-fifth of America’s fresh water, not one-fifth of the continent’s fresh water, but one- fifth of the world’s fresh water. It is 6 quadrillion gallons of fresh water. I have absolutely no idea what that figure would look like other than this: if you were to look at the lower 48 States and you were able to pour the water from the Great Lakes over the lower 48 States, it would cover it to a depth of 9
1⁄2feet. So when you put it in that perspec-tive, all of a sudden it starts to make sense and you start to focus on it, and you say this truly is a gift from God. This is truly a gift that we have to look after. Too often it is said, well, you know, just let things go, because if you let them go, they will usually work out on their own. My goodness, nothing could be fur-ther from the truth. We have seen the great damage to the Great Lakes, and we have also seen that over the years we all of a sudden have become very much aware of it. I would just like to say in the dis-trict that I represent, Pennsylvania’s Third District, Erie, Pennsylvania, Presque Isle was on the list, and it was one of those things that said this is an area of concern. So the attention was turned to what do we have to do to save Presque Isle. Now, in 2012 it was the first one of these properties that was taken off the list of concern through the efforts of not only the Erie community, but through the efforts of Congress, and also through the efforts of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. Now, we stand here today, and as I have said, I have always referred to the gentlewoman as ‘‘Our Lady of the Lakes.’’ There is nothing more pre-cious to us than this great amount of water that we have, potable water. If we were to turn our backs on it or for some reason to think that it is not im-portant or that it is not critical or that it is not a gift from God that has been put in our care and custody and is up to us to protect, then we have fallen far from where we are as a people and as a nation. I would like to read one excerpt. A friend of mine named Art Grayhead is an Army veteran, Special Ops guy. He is also a Native American. To him, the Great Lakes represent not only a body of water, but also something precious and also something that has a much deeper religious meaning. He gave me a book called ‘‘The Living Great Lakes.’’ It is written by Jerry Dennis. I am going to read it because I think it is worded so magnificently by Mr. Den-nis: 
To appreciate the magnitude of the Great Lakes you must get close to them. Launch a boat on their waters or hike their beaches or climb the dunes, bluffs, and rocky outcrops that surround them, and you will see, as peo-ple have seen since the age of the glaciers that these lakes are pretty darn big. It is no wonder they are sometimes upgraded to the ‘‘Inland Seas’’ and the ‘‘Sweetwater Seas.’’ Calling them lakes is like calling the Rock-ies hills. So when you see them and concep-tualize in your head what it is that we are talking about and what it is that we are concerned about and what it is that has been put in our care and cus-tody, none of us can ever turn away and say: ‘‘This doesn’t fall on our watch’’ or ‘‘We don’t have to worry about the Great Lakes.’’ We have to worry about the Great Lakes, we have to guard the Great Lakes, and we have to pass it on to the next generation so they, too, can enjoy all the benefits from it. We talk about the economic con-sequences and the environmental con-sequences. There is nothing in the life of everyday Americans that is more important than our Great Lakes. I would like to thank the gentle-woman from Ohio. She certainly has fought this battle for a long, long time. She has always been a great champion of the Great Lakes. So many of our Members who live around the Great Lakes champion it every day. But it is not just for us, it is not just for those States around the Great Lakes. It is for every single American. I thank the gentlewoman so much for her concern, her dedication, and more than any-thing her passion. Ms. KAPTUR. I thank Congressman K
ELLY so very much. I thank him for his passion and for participating this evening and for all the effort he puts forward on our Great Lakes Task Force to try to elevate this region of the country as so vital to our future. b1700 And when the gentlemen were talk-ing about Great Lakes and the word ‘‘lakes,’’ there are some people who have said they should have been named the Great Seas. I had an experience with school-children a few years back. I loaded up a schoolbus with children who came from a region that wasn’t close to the lake, and I took them out to Lake Erie. Their first reaction was actually fear when they saw how big it was. They said: Oh, the ocean. So, it isn’t like a little puddle jump-er. These lakes are vast. You have de-scribed them well. Most Americans have not visited them, so they don’t have a complete understanding of how massive these lakes really are. There is nothing else like them on the face of the Earth. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I can remember as a child my parents taking us to Lake Erie for summer vacation. I had no idea what I was going to see, but as we got closer to Erie, my dad said: See, Mike, there it is. There is the lake. I said: It looks like it is going to come crashing on us. Because, you know, as you get closer to those bodies of water, as the hori-zon, the water and the sky meet to-gether, and as you are approaching it, it looks like: My goodness, I can’t imagine anything this big. In the eyes of a child, I looked at it and I was completely taken away. I couldn’t believe it. That has only in-creased as I have aged and I have watched that marvelous, marvelous gift from God that we have and that we have to protect. Again, I thank the gentlewoman. It is always a pleasure being with her on the floor talking about our Great Lakes. It is always a pleasure working with her. The passion she has to pro-tect our Great Lakes is absolutely in-credible. Ms. KAPTUR. The gentleman has the same passion. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Yes, ma’am. Ms. KAPTUR. This is a moment I am glad that is actually being broadcast because we are down here tonight on a bipartisan basis discussing a vital re-source that this Nation shares with Canada. We work well together. Most of the news is about how Members of Congress don’t work together, they don’t do this, and here we are partici-pating, after hours—we are not re-quired to be here—and we are talking about something we believe to be truly irreplaceable for our country. I thank the gentleman for his leader-ship, and I will share this story with him. When I was a little girl, I still re-member the seventh grade when our grandparents and parents took us to Erie, Pennsylvania, to Presque Isle. I remember that. It was such a big deal. It was a long trip from Toledo, Ohio, to Erie, Pennsylvania, and I still remem-ber our relatives there and under-standing how big that waterway really is, how we went swimming at Presque Isle back in those days—the 1950s, I guess. So I have always had an affinity for Erie, Pennsylvania, remembering back to those early times and what a good time we had. The people of Erie were so hospitable. It is great to have the gentleman as a leader in the Great Lakes Task Force and coming down here this evening to make time for the Great Lakes. I thank him very much. I thank him for his concerted leadership and all he has done to be a champion not just for Presque Isle, not just for Lake Erie, but for our entire Great Lakes system. I yield to gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ), the vice chair of the Great Lakes Task Force, who has come to Congress with all this energy and in-telligence and capacity to make a dif-ference for the country. And then what was handed him in this last 2 months was the terrible tragedy in his home-town of Flint, Michigan, with lead in the water pipes and the water system there. So many people in Flint are so unnecessarily ill and the community is damaged. All of America wants to help Flint. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.077 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1545 March 22, 2016 
I thank Congressman K ILDEE so much for coming down tonight. Mr. KILDEE. I thank the gentle-woman for yielding and for her leader-ship. Congresswoman K
APTUR has al-ways been a great ally for me and even my predecessor, my uncle, on working to preserve and protect this incredible natural asset that we have—the Great Lakes. Listening to Congresswoman K
APTUR  and Congressman K
ELLY refer to your childhood, we all—those of us from the Great Lakes region—remember and re-call, from our childhood, our introduc-tion to the Great Lakes. The very shape of my home State of Michigan is defined by the lakes. Lake Huron is on the east, Lake Michigan is on the west, a touch of Lake Erie, and, of course, Lake Superior to the north. It defines the shape of our State. As a child, I still remember the first time experiencing the lakes, and they did seem as though they were some-thing that were so big, they was almost impossible to comprehend. But it was also something that, as a child, I took for granted. We all took for granted that the lakes would always be there, that they would always be pure, that they would always be clear and cold— the way we recalled them as children. Of course, what we come to know, as policymakers, is that we can’t be put in a position to take that for granted. We have to actively protect that in-credible gift that has been handed to us simply as a creation of God. We have this enormously special stewardship. Two things I want to point out that I think are part of the stewardship re-sponsibility that we have to and for the Great Lakes. One, of course, is to de-fend the lakes against any threat that might manifest now or might manifest generations from now, whether that is working to protect the lakes from invasive species like Asian carp or a very special obligation that I think we have right now, working with our friends across the border on the Cana-dian side, and that is to protect the lakes from unnecessary and unwar-ranted threats. There has been, in the planning stages, the possibility of a nuclear waste storage facility that would be on the eastern shore of Lake Huron. It would be six-tenths of a mile from the shore of that lake. I am pleased to see that our friends within the new Cana-dian Government have sort of taken a pause to reevaluate whether that site is the best site. Of course, my position and the position of many Members of Congress, Democrats and Republicans, has been that there is a special line that we must draw when it comes to protecting the lakes. We have a chance to ask that—in this case, the Canadian Government, and specifically the Ontario Power Genera-tion—they reconsider the location of a nuclear waste storage facility so that now, 100 or 200 years from now, if some event may occur that would release some of that material, we would never put the lakes at risk. That is something that we can do. It is a tangible set of steps that we can take. But it is just an example of the special responsibility that I know I now have as a Member of Congress rep-resenting the Great Lakes region. It is not until you are sworn into of-fice and take an oath to uphold the Constitution and represent the people that you live with back home that you come to understand the magnitude of that responsibility, especially for maintaining the lakes. Of course, the other point that Con-gresswoman K
APTUR mentioned is that we also have a special responsibility to continue to take advantage of the fact that we have been given this gift, and we have to use it in a way that is sus-tainable but also allows us to use the pure and clear lake water in a way that protects us. Of course, the very bad decisions that were made at the State government level that led to the crisis in my home-town of Flint were decisions to move temporarily away from using lake water for our drinking water to using river water in the Flint River as our primary drinking water source. It is al-most unimaginable that that would happen, considering that we are lit-erally surrounded by the greatest source, the largest source of surface freshwater on the planet and that a community would temporarily use that drinking water. It also makes the point that the pro-tections of our water resources are spe-cial protections that we have to make sure are adhered to. This crisis in Flint, or any other crisis, such as the issue that I know Congresswoman K
AP-
TUR is very familiar with—you may have already addressed the algal bloom that you dealt with in the lake that af-fected drinking water in Toledo and other places—we have a special respon-sibility to make sure that we are, through our Environmental Protection Agency and State environmental qual-ity agencies, aggressively defending the Great Lakes, not just to maintain their natural beauty, not just to main-tain them as recreational assets, but to make sure that, when we use that water for something as fundamental as drinking water, we know it will always be safe and protected. I want to thank the gentlewoman for her leadership on the issue of the Great Lakes and for including me as a part of this bipartisan effort to make sure that we always take care of this unique and special stewardship responsibility to protect the greatest freshwater source on the planet. Ms. KAPTUR. I thank Congressman K
ILDEE so very, very much for coming down. He has his hands full in trying to repair the damage in Flint. We respect him so much for the leadership he has shown there, because that could hap-pen anywhere. Sadly, it happened in Flint, Michigan, and he and the delega-tion and the entire Great Lakes region have really provided stellar leadership. We all are here to try and help him and the citizens of Flint. He is focusing national attention on the importance of water infrastructure and what can happen when systems age. You have brought this to the attention of the American people. We can all learn from the experience in Flint. I want to thank my colleagues for coming to the floor tonight to discuss the important challenges that still re-main in the Great Lakes of water infra-structure improvement, addressing the harmful algal blooms, making sure there is significant support in the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, stopping the Asian carp from coming into the Great Lakes, improving our Great Lakes navigation system, and making sure that the harbor mainte-nance trust fund is available for the Great Lakes. I yield back the balance of my time. f 
MAJOR OVERHAUL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ) for 30 minutes. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I don’t think there is any question that, if you go anywhere in this country, the Amer-ican people believe that this town, Washington, and this institution in particular need a major overhaul. The Founding Fathers conceived of a system in which individual Americans, individual citizens would stand for election and they would go up as rep-resentatives of the people, but they were no better than the people. They didn’t live under different rules than the rest of the people. They were not part of a ruling class, but, really, part of a servant culture. That was the idea. Well, we have come a long way. Washington, D.C., is really the bane of the existence for many, many people in our society. It hinders our economy. You have people here who engage in self-dealing. It is not acting consist-ently with how this system was envi-sioned. So there are a lot of things I would like to do: I think Congress needs to be forced to live under all the laws they pass and enact for other people. I think you need to get rid of a lot of the perks that Members of Congress get, including pensions for Members of Congress. But I think if there was one thing that, I think, really cries out for re-form, it is that we need to have term limits for Members of Congress. I don’t think there is any way you are ever going to be able to overhaul this cul-ture unless we do that. There was a time when people would get elected and the Founders didn’t think anyone would want to be here that long. You would go, you would serve, then you would go back and live under the laws that you passed and continue your pursuits as a citizen. Well, somewhere along the line, that really changed. Then people come in, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.078 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1546 March 22, 2016 
and it is almost like that is the main thing that they focus on: just staying here, sometimes in perpetuity. People have served 40, 50 years, and I don’t think that that has turned out well for our country. I think if you had term limits, I think you would really open up the process for new blood. I think people would come in here with a reformer spirit, new ideas, and really be part of a reform movement in Washington, D.C. It is often said: Well, gee, term lim-its. But the American people get their choice. They get to vote in the elec-tion. The fact of the matter is, the way that our electoral system works, mil-lions and millions of Americans have no functional choice simply because maybe their district is only going to elect someone from one party. Maybe you have the power of incumbency that just makes it so that challengers are never going to be able to get traction. b1715 The whole campaign finance system is orchestrated to benefit incumbents, so we don’t really just have where the American people have a choice. I think you have a structured choice, which typically leads to only one outcome. So I am not really somebody that thinks that this is all just that the American people are so happy that people are getting returned here all the time. Another, I think, objection that some people said for term limits is that: Well, gee, if you term-limit people, you have new people in who don’t nec-essarily know how the system works. It is just going to be all the staff that are going to run it or the lobbyists that are going to run it. I have got news for you. That is pret-ty much what happens already. I mean, a lot of these omnibus bills, those get done by staff behind closed doors. Staff wields a lot of power on these commit-tees. And these are not elected individ-uals. Many of them work hard. I re-spect a lot of them, but they are exer-cising, in many ways, authority that should be exercised by the Members, themselves. So I think that problem is real, but I think it is already here. I think if you had new people coming in, I think a lot of those people would probably want to bring in some of their own staff that would be more reflective of their ideas and principles rather than rely on people that have been here a long time who really become accus-tomed to a system that is not working very well. I am proud to have cosponsored the bill to enact term limits on Members of the House and Members of the Senate. We do three terms for the House, and two terms for the Senate. So if some-one wants to serve in the House then serve in the Senate, they could serve 18 years. That is a long time, and I think you would be able to really do some good things during that period. I think what it does is it really shifts the focus of somebody that comes here, because right now, if you get elected to the House, you are on the low end of the pecking order in terms of seniority. I mean, you almost have to just sit around here for 10, 15, 20 years to be in a position where you could really make a huge difference. I think what that does is that creates a culture in which people want to stay here, and that is kind of the main thing that happens once you get here. I think, if you had term limits, the main thing that people would be think-ing about is: Okay. You know you are term-limited. Your time is limited. Let’s make the most of that. I think you would see a lot of people really, really perform much better. You would have people who could come in as freshmen and have more of an impact because the system wouldn’t be domi-nated by seniority. There would be less favoritism, less backroom dealing. So I think it is a very, very positive reform. We have been voting on random things here lately. I think it would be great if we could come here and offer some reforms to the system, constitu-tional reforms, like term limits, like a balanced budget amendment, like an amendment making Congress live under the laws that everybody else does. I think that would be a breath of fresh air for the American people. Here is the thing. We talk about how we have the division and the rancor in our politics, and even in this institu-tion; but if you look, term limits is something that, regardless of party, re-gardless of ideology, regardless of age, regardless of gender, regardless of race, Americans support in overwhelming numbers. So I think that is an example of where the American people are actu-ally very united for this. But when you have the governing class in Wash-ington, that is where the divisions are, because many people don’t want to see those types of reforms here. But there is agreement throughout American society, and so if we want to start having a more unified country, we should be listening to the American people. When they are speaking loudly and consistently over 20, 25 years that term limits is something they want, we should heed that call, and we should be voting on that, and we should enact it, passing it out of the House, passing it out of the Senate, and then sending it to the States for ratification. What a win-win it would be, both for this insti-tution, to show the American people we are listening, and then, obviously, it would be a very positive reform to have enacted. I am really happy that, as new people come in, that they have the reformer’s spirit. One of the guys who just got elected this last year—it is pretty clear when people get up here whether they are in it for the right reasons or not, and I think there are probably few peo-ple in the whole House who have been more dedicated to reform and making this institution serve the American people rather than rule over the Amer-ican people. It is a great honor for me to be able to yield to my friend from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM), the chairman of the House Term Limits Caucus. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ) for hosting this Special Order on term limits and giving me the opportunity to speak on this most im-portant subject. Albert Einstein once said that the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and over again, yet expecting different results. That quote sums up Washington, D.C. We keep sending the same people back here over and over and over, yet we expect things will improve; we expect things will change. Congressional approval ratings, if you haven’t checked, are in the single digits. It is clear that the American people aren’t happy with the job we are doing. They want change in Wash-ington, D.C. But, if we truly want to change Washington, we need to heed Albert Einstein’s advice. We need to send dif-ferent people here. We need to do things differently. Changing the way Congress operates should start with enacting term limits. I firmly believe congressional term limits would restore the public’s con-fidence in the legislative branch and return this body back to the design in-tended by our Founding Fathers. I have just been here, as my friend, Mr. D
ESANTIS said, for over a year, and I can confidently say that term limits for our politicians would be a huge step forward in changing the culture here in Washington, D.C., and I urge my col-leagues to support this commonsense reform. Mr. Speaker, this is the first elected office I have ever held. I am a career small-business person. In the private sector, if we don’t listen to our cus-tomers, we go out of business. In Congress, our customers are the American people, and they are strongly in favor of term limits. Recent polls show overwhelming support. Over 75 percent of Americans want term limits. This support, as Mr. D
ESANTIS said, crosses party lines, with strong majori-ties from Democrats, Republicans, and Independents alike. Unfortunately, Congress has not lis-tened to our customers. Legislation to institute term limits continues to sit in committee, without receiving a vote. While many Members of Congress profess support for term limits back in their districts, when their plane crosses the Potomac, something seems to change. One of the first things I did after being sworn in was to launch the bipar-tisan Term Limits Caucus, along with my colleague from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ). I also cosponsored legisla-tion from my colleagues, the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. S
ALMON ) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ), limiting House Members to serving no more than three terms and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.079 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1547 March 22, 2016 
Senators to serving no more than two terms. I did this because, as someone com-ing to Congress from the private sec-tor, I believe Washington suffers from a lack of fresh, innovative ideas. Also, Washington suffers from a lack of po-litical courage on the part of career politicians to implement those changes. The root of our problem is that our politicians are incentivized by this sys-tem to care more about staying in of-fice rather than doing what is best for the country. Most candidates campaign for the U.S. House and they say something to the effect, ‘‘Washington, D.C., is bro-ken. Washington, D.C., is broken. It must change.’’ They say this during the campaign. Most come here for the right reasons, but, over time, the sys-tem grinds them down. The special in-terests get their proverbial ‘‘nose under the tent,’’ and before long, spe-cial interests own a Congressman. It seems to me, the only special in-terest group not represented in Wash-ington is ‘‘We, the People.’’ The end re-sult is most become part of the very problem they came to Washington, D.C., to fix. Our Founding Fathers never intended for public service to be a career. Serv-ing in Congress was supposed to be a temporary sacrifice made for the pub-lic good, not a profitable, long-term profession treated like a family busi-ness. By limiting terms politicians can serve in office, we can realign the in-centives. When Members of Congress know they will only serve for a short amount of time, they will be incentivized to actually tackle the big problems facing America today: tack-ling our $19 trillion debt that is grow-ing, tackling the looming insolvency of Social Security and Medicare, and tackling the securing of our borders and the ever-growing Federal bureauc-racy that stifles economic growth and holds down wages for your average American. Mr. D
ESANTIS , I recognize the long odds of Congress voting to place term limits on themselves. As I often say, that is much like asking turkeys to vote for Thanksgiving, and we know how that would end up. But I will keep pushing Congress to act, because it is what the American people want. In the meantime, there are some positive active developments at the State level that I would like to high-light. Florida recently became one of the first States to officially call for an Ar-ticle V constitutional term limits con-vention thanks to the hard work of Florida activists and fantastic groups like U.S. Term Limits. I commend the Florida Legislature and hope other States will soon follow suit. As President Reagan once said, a ‘‘convention is a safety valve giving the people a chance to act if Congress refuses to.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am not here to criti-cize individual Members of Congress, and not all of my colleagues who have been in office for decades are part of this problem; but it is time Congress listened to our customers and gives our customers what they want: a vote on term limits. It is the right thing to do, and it may be our last and best chance to restore trust in government and make Congress work for the American people once again. Once again, I thank Mr. DESANTIS for the opportunity to discuss this most important subject. I urge my col-leagues to listen to the American peo-ple and join the Term Limits Caucus and cosponsor term limit legislation. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Iowa. The thing is that you bring up a good point. It is very difficult to get people to want to term-limit themselves. So you and I are on a bill together that tries to be reasonable about it and say: Look, you know, we are willing to com-promise to get term limits. You have Members who have been here for 12, 14 years and they are trying to put them-selves in a position for a chairmanship, whatever, and they joined under cer-tain rules, they kind of played the game, and they are preparing for maybe this to be the pinnacle of their career. I get why someone in that situ-ation would not want to do it. Our proposal says: Okay. Let’s do term limits, but then we will phase it in as new Members come. So that is a kind of a gradual term limit enact-ment, and within a short while you would have term limits across the board. I mean, that is something that is a reasonable compromise to deal with some of the Members that have misgivings. I think my friend from Iowa points out, I mean, if this were something that were to be done via Article V of the Constitution and submitted through the States around Congress, that would be enacted in a New York minute. I mean, that will sail through every State legislature without ques-tion, and you would end up having term limits. So I think there are two different routes to take, but I think knowing that there is a desire for this, I think it would be good for this institution to say: Okay. We hear you. Let’s debate it; let’s put everyone on record. Then the American people can hold people accountable accordingly. That is really, I think, what is frus-trating. It would be one thing if term limits just failed every year, but, real-ly, it gets bottled up every year be-cause people don’t want to be on record against term limits. I think that those days need to be over. I ask my friend from Iowa, as you go around your district—you have Repub-licans, Democrats; you have a very po-litically diverse district—I mean, is there anybody who is out there saying don’t do term limits? Mr. BLUM. In 3 years of cam-paigning, I have not yet, Mr. D
ESANTIS , met one person in my district in north-east Iowa that is against term limits. Everyone wants us to hold a vote on term limits. And I consistently say this gets bur-ied in committee because the worst nightmare of anybody in this body is to have to go on record as voting against term limits because, as I said in my speech, they go back to their districts and they say they are for reforming Congress. They are against the pension pro-gram. They are against first-class air travel. They are against $1,200-a-month luxury car leases. They are against be-coming lobbyists when they retire from this body. They say they are for term limits. Their plane crosses the Poto-mac. They get in this body. They don’t want to vote on those things because I think they are not really against them. People are tired of that. They are seeing through it. They are demanding that we have this vote. All we ask—all you are asking, all I am asking—is let’s get this out of committee. Let’s have a vote on this floor and see what hap-pens. It may fail, but at least we got the vote; at least the people in my dis-trict and in your district in Florida were represented and had the chance to have a voice. b1730 I think this is an overwhelmingly bi-partisan issue. I am Republican, and my district is Democratic. But Demo-crats want a vote on term limits as well. I come from the private sector, RON, and we listen to our customers. Our customers are the American voters, the American citizens. We are not listening to them. We are ignoring them. I think we are seeing it now in this political season, that peo-ple are upset with what goes on in Washington, D.C. Our approval rating—and it has been well earned—is in the single digits. I think it would go so far if we would just hold some votes and try to reform this body because people often tell me: Before you tell me to reform the way my family spends their money, why don’t you clean up your own House first? I couldn’t agree with them more. Mr. D
ESANTIS. I think that, if we were to approach it and say that we need to do term limits, we have to make sure Congress lives under the same rules, no special treatment under ObamaCare, none of that, let’s elimi-nate the pensions for Congress—and the thing is you brought up people being lobbyists after they are in Con-gress. If you did term limits, guess what. Then you are going to increase the sup-ply of former Members of Congress. So being a lobbyist wouldn’t be as lucra-tive because there would be a lot more people who are out there. I think actually more people would say: Maybe I will go back to my home State and start working in business there and maybe have to come to terms 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.081 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1548 March 22, 2016 
with some of the laws that I imposed on the private sector and see how that works. So I think it would be good for the performance in office, but I also think, as Members left office, it probably would drive more people to the actual private sector rather than being inside the Beltway because you will just have too many former Members and I don’t think the pay will be as lucrative. Right now, I don’t know if this is ac-curate, but I have seen statistics where it is upwards of 80 percent of people who serve in the Congress go on to be lobbyists in Washington. So you under-stand the system, then you go out and are lobbying to grease the skids in that system. That is not the way I think that we want this system to be oper-ating. So let me ask you this: In terms of getting a vote, what do you think we need to be doing to impress upon other colleagues so that we can start to de-velop some momentum to try to get a vote on this? Mr. BLUM. Some of them need to lose their reelection campaigns. I have consistently said, R
ON, that true change never comes from inside the Beltway in Washington, D.C. It always comes from out in America. What we need are grass-roots activ-ists, people that follow what we are doing, to call, to email, and to text to let our Representatives know that you want a vote on term limits. As a Representative, and I am sure you would agree that those matter. We listen. I listen. We track every phone call, and I get a report at the end of the day saying: 
Here is who called from your district, and here is what they wanted. 
So it makes a difference. Change never comes from in Washington, D.C. I would also like to follow up on an-other point that you made earlier. It was a great point, and that is seniority. I came here as a freshman 14 months ago and I quickly found out that every-thing in Congress is based on seniority. Not to take anything away from these fine people that have been here a long time, they have worked very hard, they have paid their dues, and it is nothing personal, but people wonder why change can’t happen in Washington, D.C. It is because we have the same people running the show year in, year out, term in, term out, because it is based on seniority. A young person like my—well, I shouldn’t say young. A young politi-cian—I am 60 years old—doesn’t really have a chance to impact change much because the power structure is all based on seniority here. I wish they would look at seniority out in the real world, in the private sector. What did you do to build a com-pany? What did you do to educate chil-dren? What did you do in the medical community? That seniority should count as well, just not your time spent in this body. So that is a great point. That is why I think things don’t change. We need change. Change is good. We need new ideas and fresh ideas and people with political courage. Another thing that has been a little bit disappointing to me is the lack of political courage, to take a stand and to plant the flag even if it is going to be unpopular in the district. If you think it is the right thing to do, go for it. Have political courage. People have said to me: How do we know you won’t change if we send you to Washington? I have consistently said: Because I am not afraid to be unelected. I want to be reelected. I will work hard. I will want to win a second term. But I am not afraid to lose an election. We need more people like that, RON. We need people who don’t want to stay here a lifetime and turn this, the United States Congress, into a family business. Mr. D
ESANTIS. It is interesting with the seniority discussion. I was in the Navy. In the military, your time in service matters for pay purposes and other, but along the line you have to actually promote. You have to earn a promotion. So there will be some people who are commanders, O–5s, who have been in for—I don’t know—I guess you could probably get that after 12 or 13 years. And then there are some people who are lieutenant commanders, O–4, who have been in 20 years. Well, if you have been in 20, you have more seniority in the sense that you have been there longer, but the person who achieved the higher rank through merit is superior to you in the military chain of command. I think the problem with the way the congressional system operates is it is purely based on years staying here. Some of the best Members who have ever served here have served for 30, 35 years. So this is not uniform. But I think, if you compared the good that those Members have done with the neg-atives of all the other folks who have just made this their fiefdom, I think the negatives outweigh the positives. I think that Congressman B
LUM is right. Ultimately, the American people need to force this issue. Part of it is calling the offices. I review the phone calls every day, too. I think one of the most effective things is in a public forum to just pointblank ask a Member of Congress if they will vote for Salmon’s bill or R
ON D
ESANTIS ’ term limit bill and put them on the Record. The more people that are on the Record as for it, it makes it easier for us to then take the case to the leader-ship and say that we need to do this. I think it would be a breath of fresh air. I think people are so frustrated and so sick of the same old games being played in Washington that, if we start-ed coming out with some of these re-forms, leading with term limits, I think people would be reading the newspaper and shaking their heads and saying: Really? These guys are finally getting it. Really, this is something that, if you take the long view when you are doing the right thing like that, then voters will have more confidence in your views on other things. So maybe you are interested in tax reform. Maybe you are interested in welfare reform. Guess what. You are doing term limits. You are doing those things. I bet you a lot of voters would be less cynical about what you are try-ing to do on a whole range of issues. So I think it would be a win-win both in terms of structural reform, but also potential policy reforms down the line. Let me ask my friend from Iowa: Is there anything else you want to add to the discussion? I really appreciate your time. I think it has been worthwhile. I think we need to keep fighting the good fight. Mr. BLUM. I agree with you. We will always storm the hill, my good friend, and plant that flag, regardless of how many times we need to do it. But I would just like to mention some of the bills I have been involved with: Eliminating first-class airline travel for congressional Members paid for by taxpayers. Most of the people in my district have never flown in first class. There is no reason I should be flying first class on taxpayer dollars. Eliminating the $1,200-a-month lux-ury car leases that we can lease back in our districts. That is more than most house payments in northeast Iowa. It would eliminate that. We need to eliminate the congres-sional pension program. We need to eliminate the ability to become a lob-byist after you have served in this body. We need to tie our pay to the pay of the average American. The average American has not had a pay raise in over 20 years. The average American’s pay has gone backwards. This body’s pay should go backwards just like the average American’s. The words used in polls is that we are out of touch. I wonder if this body is not out of touch, if we are not tone deaf. We need to be tied to the average Amer-ican. I recently introduced a bill that, if we didn’t balance the budget, then we would get a pay cut; if it is not bal-anced next year, we get a deeper pay cut; and if we keep not balancing it, we are going to end up making no money. Maybe this way it will get through ev-eryone’s head that this is a serious issue and we need to balance the budg-et. I agree with you, R
ON, that any of these reforms voted on would go so far, I think, to the American people to say: 
Finally, finally, Washington, D.C. is listen-ing to us. They finally get it. 
The frustration is palpable in my dis-trict. It probably is in yours. People are really upset. They say that they don’t listen, the laws don’t apply to us like they do the rest of Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.082 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1549 March 22, 2016 
I couldn’t agree more. As a citizen, I am every bit as frustrated as well. So you can always count on me to storm the hill with you, my friend. Mr. D
ESANTIS. I appreciate it. In your bill, when you said, hey, balance the budget or else face a pay cut, I signed up on that immediately. I think that is a great idea. We need to have personal skin in the game because what happens is, when you are here in Washington, particu-larly dealing with spending and debt, it is a lot easier politically for most Members to just put it off on the next generation. These are people that can’t vote you out of office. They are not going to call your office and complain about it. So it is usually the path of least resistance to do that. So there is not a lot of immediate skin in the game short of us eventually having a debt crisis. Obviously, we don’t want it to come to that. We want to make responsible decisions now. So I applaud you for that. I thought that was a very thoughtful reform. I am happy to be signed up with you. Term limits, as part of a larger govern-ment reform package, I think would be a home run. I look forward to working with you on it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friends, Congressman B
LUM and the future Senator D
ESANTIS , for great words and great in-sights. Mr. Speaker, I first want to answer a couple of questions that people have had about a couple of votes that my friends, J
USTIN AMASH and T HOMAS  M
ASSIE , and I had. One is on H.R. 4742. It is described to authorize the National Science Foun-dation to support entrepreneurial pro-grams for women. Since my wife and I have been blessed with three beautiful daughters, inside and out, all three of them abso-lutely brilliant—these type of things are important to me—but I note that it says, ‘‘studies have shown that tech-nology and commercialization ventures are successful when women are in top management positions.’’ It also puts into law that the require-ment that, under the Science and Engi-neering Equal Opportunities Act, it is required that the National Science Foundation encourage its entrepre-neurial programs to recruit and sup-port women to extend their focus be-yond the laboratory and into the com-mercial world. Now, it just seems like—and I know these are incredibly well intended. Both H.R. 4742 and H.R. 4745 are very, very well intended. Wonderful people put them forward. I understand that. But just from my experience and from the common sense I hear as I get all over east Texas, it just seems like Washington is always a step behind or—an old saying—a day late and a dol-lar short. Now we are $19 trillion short. But we want to take time from our $19 trillion in debt to demand that the National Science Foundation discriminate based on gender. There may be some young boy who needs encouragement from a tough family situation, but this program is designed to discriminate against that young, poverty-stricken boy and to en-courage the girl. Forget the boy. En-courage the girl. It just seems that, if we are ever going to get to the dream of Martin Luther King, Jr., that he spoke just down the Mall, he wanted people to be judged by the content of their char-acter and not by the color of their skin. I know after race has been an issue that needed attention, then gender ap-propriately got attention, because the whole Constitution of the United States, when it is properly read ver-batim, means men, women, race, creed, color, national origin, and gender. Those things are not supposed to matter. It just seems like, when we come in and we say that it is impor-tant that for a while we discriminate, we end up getting behind. And then probably 25 years from now boys are going to have fallen behind in numbers, and then we are going to need to come in and say: Actually, when we passed that bill forcing encouragement of girls and not encouraging of little boys, we were getting behind the eight ball. We didn’t see that we were going to be leaving little boys in the ditch, and now we need to start doing pro-grams to encourage little boys. We are always going to be behind until we get around to saying from this House floor that we don’t care where you are from, we don’t care what your gender is, and we don’t care what you like look. You may be as homely as Abraham Lincoln. We don’t care what you look like. We don’t care about the color of your hair or the lack of hair. We don’t care. We want you not to have an equal out-come, but to have an equal opportunity to excel, and then let the best person do the best job and excel. That is what has made free market systems work so well. b1745 I was reminded to check out a lady that is known as Madame Curie, Marie Sklowdowska Curie, Madame Curie. It says she was born in Warsaw, then the Kingdom of Poland. Her achievements included the devel-opment of the theory of radioactive isotopes and the discovery of two ele-ments: polonium and radium. Under her direction, the world’s first studies were conducted into the treatment of neoplasms, using radioactive isotopes; she founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and in Warsaw; and she won the Nobel Peace Prize for her work in radi-ation. So as I think about it, it has got to be millions and millions of lives that this brilliant woman, Madame Curie, has saved because of her work. She died early at 66 because of her work in the laboratory—she had aplastic anemia, apparently from her work with radio-active isotopes—but the lives that woman saved by her work in the lab-oratory. However, if our bill, H.R. 4742, had been in law back in Poland or France as she tried to move forward, the Science Foundation there would have been required to tell Madame Curie: Do you know what? You are pretty good in the laboratory, but under this law from the wisdom of Congress, we are sup-posed to tell you to go into commercial enterprise and make a whole bunch more money because you are better off not being in the laboratory but being out in the commercial world because you will be a better businessperson than men. You need to get out there. I thank God that there wasn’t a pro-gram like this that distracted her. This brilliant, caring woman basically gave her life to save many, many millions by the phenomenal work she did in the laboratory. But according to the bill that we passed today, we are requiring the Science Foundation to encourage en-trepreneurial programs to recruit and support women to extend their focus beyond the laboratory and into the commercial world. Thank God that is not what Madame Curie did. We did have another bill. Part of the program is good for boys and girls, but then there is a part, Aspire to Inspire, that engages young girls to present science, technology, engineering, and mathematics career opportunities, et cetera. And on the next one, provide an op-portunity for female middle school stu-dents. We don’t want to provide an op-portunity under this bill for boys. Let the boys fight, let them get into gangs; but the women, the young girls, that is who we want to encourage. In section 3, NASA shall—not just may, but shall—encourage women and girls to study science, technology, and engineering. I was inspired in a little town in Mount Pleasant, Texas, growing up by people who encouraged boys and girls equally. We had some very, very smart girls and we had some smart guys. Our teachers really didn’t care whether we were boys or girls. They wanted us to work hard and they wanted us to excel. They were incredibly good teachers, and I learned so much. I learned so much in math that in college algebra at Texas A&M, I didn’t have to open my book but for 15 minutes for the final. That is all I had to do for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.083 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1550 March 22, 2016 
whole semester because of the incred-ible bases I got in math from my sev-enth grade teacher, Ms. E
DWARDS , and my high school math teachers were terrific. But, anyway, I hope that we can get beyond pandering and try to get to the point where we, as a Congress, will say: We don’t care what you look like. The things you can’t help, how you look, your gender, we don’t care about those. We want you to have an equal oppor-tunity with everybody else. I hope and pray that is the direction we go. I also hope and pray that those who are suffering in Europe, in Brussels, after the horrendous attacks by radical Islamists, will be comforted by friends and by God himself. For those who have lost loved ones, we need to reach out to the families and be for them, with them, and encourage them. But the best legacy we could provide would be to stop the insane efforts to win over radical Islamists by trying to be this phenomenal friend to them. An article today by Greg Botelho from CNN says, and these are the high-lights: ‘‘A U.S. official speculates ISIS is ‘trying to make an international statement’ by attacking the home of NATO, the EU.’’ He also points out: ‘‘Two explosions rock the Brussels airport, another rips through a subway station in the Bel-gian capital.’’ This article from CNN, unfortu-nately, says: ‘‘While jarring, the car-nage wasn’t altogether surprising. Bel-gium has been going after terrorist threats for months, as illustrated by last week’s capture of Europe’s most wanted man, Salah Abdeslam, in a bloody raid in Brussels.’’ Apparently if you stand up against radical Islam to stop these people who would take us back to the Dark Ages of despotism, book burning, and horrors of basic slavery if you don’t believe as you are told, we will be better off if we can be nice to them. We have an administration that said Iran is the biggest supporter of ter-rorism in the world, so we think maybe if we cut a deal where we release to them $100 billion to $150 billion, that they will surely start being nice to us. And those Castros, Fidel and Raul Castro, down in Cuba, they have been dictators. They have tortured, they have been horrendous in the harm that they have brought to the people of Cuba. How do we know, even though people like Sean Penn and others have told us how wonderful it is, they have the best health care in the world? Well, it turns out, actually, they are really wanting to get to the United States. It turns out they are wanting to come in droves to the United States because it is not so good living under a dictator like the Castros. What the President has done, un-knowingly, is put his stamp of approval on a dictatorship that has been incred-ibly brutal, just as this administration did to the terrorists in charge in Iran. People will further suffer, just as they have in the last few days while the President visited Cuba. The administration in charge in Cuba, the dictators, were brutalizing people who had the gall to come out and want to act as if they had freedom of speech and freedom of assembly. One poor woman was beaten, stripped naked, and dragged off to jail. Appar-ently that is okay under the new ap-proach of the U.S. administration if we are trying to outreach to them and they are wanting our outreach to go better. The fact is it is one thing to have re-lations commercially with another country, but when we, as the United States, the freest country that has ever existed until we began to lose our free-doms here more recently, when we yield to dictators, to terrorist leaders like in Iran, the world suffers. We have been given a massive responsibility by being the freest and, up until recently, possibly the most powerful country in the world. China has come on strong. Others have nuclear weapons that will use them and want to use them. Our posi-tion is in jeopardy. To whom much is given of them, much will be required. We should be more faithful so that when a country like Nigeria begs help to deal with radical Islam and Boko Haram, we should not have to hear from a Catholic bishop in Nigeria that the Obama administration is demand-ing that they change their laws to em-brace same-sex marriage against their religious beliefs, appropriate for abor-tion even when it violates their reli-gious beliefs, chide the leader of Kenya or other countries to give up their reli-gious beliefs, and follow the amoral teaching of whoever happens to be in charge in America. There are consequences for using the power of the United States to bully other countries and to allow them to suffer immeasurably while we act haute as if, because of their Christian beliefs, they are not as worthy as those in the United States that do not follow Christian beliefs. More Christians are suffering and being persecuted, but Jesus said: You will suffer for my sake. As we see also in Israel in the latest attack there, people are suffering and being killed. FOX News had this article regarding the Peninsula Group based in Tel Aviv. There is massive suffering at the hands of radical Islam. As Europe suffers dreadfully at the hands of radical Islam and at the hands of people who have poured into their countries illegally due to their naive but permissive policies, the last thing they need to hear is from the United States President that they need to be careful, not to be biased or prejudiced against the radical Islamists that want to kill them and have killed their fam-ily members, because according to this administration, the far bigger danger is bias against those who want to kill us and eliminate our civilized way of life. God help us all. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
ONALD M. P AYNE , Jr., (at the re-quest of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on ac-count of medical. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 4721. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations or the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 5 o’clock and 58 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, March 23, 2016, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4684. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Ap-proval of Iowa Air Quality Implementation Plans; Withdrawal of Direct Final Rule; Polk County Board of Health Rules and Regula-tions, Chapter V, Revisions [EPA-R07-OAR- 2016-0045; FRL-9943-89-Region 7] received March 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4685. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Findings of Failure to Sub-mit State Implementation Plans Required for Attainment of the 2010 1-Hour Primary Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) [EPA-HQ-OAR-2016-0098; FRL-9943-90-OAR] received March 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4686. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: The 2016 Critical Use Exemption from the Phaseout of Methyl Bromide; Correction [EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0369; FRL-9943-91-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS44) received March 17, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4687. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revisions to Ambient Moni-toring Quality Assurance and Other Require-ments [EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0619; FRL-9942-91- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR7.085 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1551 March 22, 2016 
OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS00) received March 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 4688. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, NMFS, Office of Protected Resources, National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, transmitting the Ad-ministration’s Major final rule — Inter-agency Cooperation — Endangered Species Act of 1973, as Amended; Definition of De-struction or Adverse Modification of Critical Habitat [Docket No.: FWS-R9-ES-2011-0072; Docket No.: 120106026-4999-03] (RIN: 1018- AX88; 0648-BB80) received March 18, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4689. A letter from the Paralegal Spe-cialist, FTA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — State Safety Oversight [Docket No.: FTA-2015-0003] (RIN: 2132-AB19) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4690. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31061; Amdt. No.: 3682] received March 18, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4691. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31059; Amdt. No.: 3680] received March 18, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4692. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31058; Amdt. No.: 3679] received March 18, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4693. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31060; Amdt. No.: 3681] received March 18, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4694. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31063; Amdt. No.: 3684] received March 18, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4695. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters Deutschland GmbH Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2016-2843; Di-rectorate Identifier 2015-SW-003-AD; Amend-ment 39-18392; AD 2016-03-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4696. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0755; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-080-AD; Amendment 39-18414; AD 2016-04-20] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4697. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-2455; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-108-AD; Amendment 39-18415; AD 2016-04-21] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4698. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1417; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-159- AD; Amendment 39-18369; AD 2016-01-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4699. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3778; Directorate Identifier 2015-NE-27-AD; Amendment 39- 18391; AD 2016-03-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4700. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-1270; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-222-AD; Amendment 39-18412; AD 2016-04-18] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4701. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3144; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-110-AD; Amendment 39-18403; AD 2016-04-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4702. A letter from the Senior Attorney Ad-visor, Regulations Officer, FHWA, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Perform-ance Management Measures: Highway Safety Improvement Program [Docket No.: FHWA- 2013-0020] (RIN: 2125-AF49) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4703. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3805; Directorate Identifier 2015-NE-28-AD; Amendment 39- 18389; AD 2016-03-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4704. A letter from the Senior Attorney Ad-visor, Regulations Officer, FHWA, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Highway Safety Improvement Program [Docket No.: FHWA- 2013-0019] (RIN: 2125-AF56) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4705. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-0467; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-008- AD; Amendment 39-18395; AD 2016-04-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4706. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Model 757-200 Se-ries Airplanes Modified by Supplemental Type Certificate (STC) ST01529SE or STC ST02278SE [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1423; Direc-torate Identifier 2014-NM-173-AD; Amend-ment 39-18418; AD 2016-04-24] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4707. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; ATR-GIE Avions de Transport Re-gional Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1280; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-064-AD; Amendment 39-18404; AD 2016-04-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4708. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; B-N Group Ltd. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-4803; Directorate Identifier 2015- CE-034-AD; Amendment 39-18399; AD 2016-04- 05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4709. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-2460; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-163-AD; Amendment 39-18396; AD 2016-04-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22MR7.000 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1552 March 22, 2016 
18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4710. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-1983; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-020-AD; Amendment 39-18388; AD 2016-03-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4711. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Defense and Space S.A. (For-merly Known as Construcciones Aeronauticas, S.A.) Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-3704; Directorate Identifier 2016- NM-005-AD; Amendment 39-18413; AD 2016-04- 19] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4712. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-3630; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-253-AD; Amendment 39-18397; AD 2016-04-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4713. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Indian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Payment for Physician and Other Health Care Profes-sional Services Purchased by Indian Health Programs and Medical Charges Associated with Non-Hospital-Based Care (RIN: 0917- AA12) received March 18, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 4825. A bill to enhance defense and se-curity cooperation with India, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. A
SHFORD , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. P
OMPEO , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. L ONG, Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. B
ARTON , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, and Mr. K
NIGHT ): H.R. 4826. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Energy to provide technical assistance to the Armed Forces of the United States with respect to ongoing activities of the Armed Forces to address energy resources that are being utilized by the Islamic State or would be beneficial to the Islamic State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. CONYERS , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Ms. P LASKETT ): H.R. 4827. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to review regulations for municipal solid waste landfills to determine if such reg-ulations are, with the respect to the disposal of coal combustion residuals in such land-fills, protective of health and the environ-ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FLEMING (for himself and Mrs. H
ARTZLER ): H.R. 4828. A bill to prevent governmental discrimination against providers of health services who decline involvement in abor-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ): H.R. 4829. A bill to amend section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930 with respect to require-ments for domestic industries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. B
ERA, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. R
OHRABACHER , and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS ): H.R. 4830. A bill to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain mem-bership status for India in the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC), and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. HILL (for himself and Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ): H.R. 4831. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make an exception to the 100 shareholder S corporation limitation in the case of shareholders whose shares were acquired through certain crowd-funding or small public offerings; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BOUSTANY (for himself and Mr. B
ERA): H.R. 4832. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude certain health arrangements from the excise tax on em-ployer-sponsored health coverage; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana (for him-self, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. M OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. P LASKETT , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida): H.R. 4833. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to make grants to States to support the establishment and operation of grocery stores in underserved communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. HINOJOSA (for himself, Mr. V
ELA, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, and Ms. M
OORE ): H.R. 4834. A bill to authorize United States participation in a general capital increase for the North American Development Bank; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. D
ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. R
ANGEL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. V ELA, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Mr. P
ETERSON , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, and Mr. C
LAY): H.R. 4835. A bill to facilitate nationwide availability of volunteer income tax assist-ance for low-income and underserved popu-lations, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: H.R. 4836. A bill to require the United States to oppose the provision by the Inter-national Monetary Fund of a loan to a coun-try whose public debt is not likely to be sus-tainable in the medium term, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 4837. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify that caregivers for veterans with serious illnesses are eligible for assistance and support services provided by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 4838. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to disallow the issuance of tax-exempt bonds any proceeds of which are used to provide professional entertainment facilities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 4839. A bill to prohibit the Govern-ment from requiring any person to assist in devising a method for breaking the encryption of a wire or oral communication; to the Committee on Intelligence (Perma-nent Select), and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. P
AYNE ): H.R. 4840. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the maximum wages allowed under the work opportunity tax credit for ex-felons, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. K
LINE, and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota): H. Res. 657. A resolution honoring the life and legacy of the Honorable Martin Olav Sabo as an outstanding public servant dedi-cated to the State of Minnesota and the United States; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. E NGEL ): H. Res. 658. A resolution condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Brussels on March 22, 2016, which murdered more than 30 innocent people, and severely wounded many more; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mrs. D
INGELL ): H. Res. 659. A resolution expressing support for the designation of March 30, 2016, as ‘‘World Bipolar Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 4825. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L22MR7.000 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1553 March 22, 2016 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 4826. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 4827. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Necessary and Proper Clause, clause 18 of section 8 of Article I of the Constitution; and the Commerce Clause, clause 3 of section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. FLEMING: H.R. 4828. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill makes specific changes to exist-ing law in a manner that provides conscience protections in accord with the 1st Amend-ment of the United States Constitution. Fur-ther, this bill creates a private right of ac-tion in federal court in accord with Clause 9 of Section 8 of Article I and Clause 18, Sec-tion 8 of Article I, of the United States Con-stitution. Similarly, this bill provides for preventing disbursement of all or a portion of certain Federal financial assistance in ac-cord with Clause 1, Section 8 Article 1. By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 4829. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1 and 8 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 4830. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 4831. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 4832. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—Business/ Labor Regulation—The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 4833. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 and clause 18 of Article I of sec-tion 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HINOJOSA: H.R. 4834. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 3 of section 8 of article 1 of the Con-stitution By Mr. HONDA: H.R. 4835. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: H.R. 4836. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, that no money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of Appropriations made by Law, and a reg-ular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be made from time to time. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 4837. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 4838. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 4839. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Amendment IV: The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 4840. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. B OUSTANY . H.R. 244: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 292: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 295: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 353: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 448: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 525: Mr. T
AKAI. H.R. 592: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 605: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 703: Mr. S
HUSTER . H.R. 793: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 863: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 879: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 885: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania. H.R. 921: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. F
ARR, and Mr. T AKAI. H.R. 932: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 953: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 986: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 1062: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1151: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1192: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 1197: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. B
ARTON . H.R. 1220: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois and Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 1221: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1247: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 1293: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 1336: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 1421: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 1439: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 1538: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1571: Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. A SHFORD , and Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 1604: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 1733: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 1736: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 1784: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 1854: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1859: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 1933: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 2197: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2210: Mr. A
SHFORD . H.R. 2293: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 2334: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 2460: Mr. L
ANCE and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 2488: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 2589: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 2646: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2660: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut and Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 2799: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 2805: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2817: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 2896: Mr. M
ARINO , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. H
ILL, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. S
TUTZMAN , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. W
HITFIELD , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 2903: Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 3071: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 3095: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3099: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3119: Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. L OEBSACK , and Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 3222: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. M CCAUL, and Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 3235: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 3299: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 3300: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 3326: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 3381: Mr. T
URNER , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. M
ULLIN , and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl- vania. H.R. 3390: Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 3406: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 3423: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 3514: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 3546: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 3619: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 3687: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 3694: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 3706: Mr. L
EWIS and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 3770: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 3799: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 3926: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 3986: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4041: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4057: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4065: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 4167: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 4177: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 4223: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 4225: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 4277: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 4320: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 4352: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4428: Mr. Z
INKE. H.R. 4442: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 4457: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 4460: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 4499: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 4514: Mr. L
ATTA and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 4515: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4538: Ms. M
CSALLY and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 4550: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 4567: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 4599: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 4613: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4626: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. V ELA, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl- vania, and Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 4633: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4636: Mr. C
OLEand Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 4640: Mr. H
ILL, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. L
AMBORN , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 4653: Mr. E
NGEL and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 4668: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4676: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 4681: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 4682: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4703: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 4715: Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. H ILL, Mr. W
ALBERG , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 4730: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 4731: Mr. B
URGESS and Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 4737: Mr. N
EUGEBAUER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.019 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1554 March 22, 2016 
H.R. 4755: Mr. R IGELL , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P
OSEY , and Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 4763: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4764: Mr. Z
INKE, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 4771: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 4773: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. H
ILL, Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee. H.R. 4775: Mr. W
HITFIELD , Mr. C HABOT , Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 4776: Mr. M
CDERMOTT . H.R. 4778: Mr. LONG. H.R. 4786: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 4792: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B EYER , and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 4796: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4807: Mr. C
ONYERS and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. H.R. 4820: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 4822: Mr. C
ALVERT . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky. H. Res. 28: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H. Res. 62: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H. Res. 156: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H. Res. 220: Mr. D
ENT. H. Res. 343: Mr. C
UMMINGS and Mr. S IRES. H. Res. 371: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H. Res. 638: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H. Res. 647: Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. P
LASKETT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ARTER of Geor- gia, and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR7.017 H22MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE355 March 22, 2016 
IN RECOGNITION OF PAUL A. GRAF, JR. 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud Paul A. Graf, Jr. for his swift and cou-rageous action to protect a family and their pets from an apartment fire. Mr. Graf is a letter carrier for the United States Postal Service. On February 16, 2016 while on his route, he noticed smoke coming from an apartment. He called 9–1–1 and took immediate action to make sure that there was no one inside the apartment. Mr. Graf’s actions prevented a possibly life- threatening tragedy. The Ridley Park commu-nity he serves and the greater Philadelphia area are grateful for his vigilance and hard work on the job. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE AIRR ACT 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as the House continues its work on long-term reauthorization and reform of the Federal Aviation Administration and related programs, I would like to reiterate my support for commonsense provisions included in H.R. 4441, the Aviation Innovation, Reform, and Reauthorization Act of 2016, which would en-sure the safety of our commercial aircraft and passengers. Mr. Speaker, early last year I met with my constituent, Justin Madden, who is the Na-tional Secretary/Treasurer for the Aircraft Me-chanics Fraternal Association (AMFA), which represents the aircraft maintenance techni-cians of both Southwest Airlines and Alaska Airlines. During the course of our conversa-tion, we discussed many issues impacting the aviation industry, including safety. Justin brought to my attention that he and his col-leagues are subject to background checks, as well as pre-employment and random drug tests, yet their counterparts at foreign aircraft repair stations are not required to meet the same safety precautions. As the amount of maintenance work per-formed on U.S. aircraft at foreign repair sta-tions increases, we must do more to ensure that the employees at these stations are also held to the same level of professional stand-ards as their counterparts at U.S repair sta-tions. On October 31st of last year, Russian Metrojet Flight 9268 disintegrated over the Sinai Peninsula. All 224 people on board the flight tragically died that day. On January 29, 2016, Reuters reported that a mechanic had been detained and was suspected of planting a bomb, which he had been given by his cousin, who was a member of ISIS. Two po-licemen and a baggage handler were also suspected of helping the mechanic. This inci-dent alone should give us pause as we think about the safety of American aircraft and the American flying public. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Transportation & Infrastructure Committee Chairman BILL S
HUSTER for his commitment to safety and for working with me and Representative D
AN L
IPINSKI and Representative L OUBARLETTA to include Section 402 in the Aviation, Innova-tion, Reform, and Reauthorization Act. This provision marks a bipartisan, common-sense step forward in ensuring that back-ground checks and drug tests are required of employees at foreign repair stations who work on U.S. commercial aircraft, strengthening America’s commitment to protecting its citi-zens and ensuring safe air travel. 
f 
COMMEMORATING 100 YEARS OF SERVICE TO PUBLIC SCHOOLS OF THOMAS BUILT BUSES 
HON. ALMA S. ADAMS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, every school day, around 450,000 school buses transport more than 24 million children to and from schools and school-related activities, making school buses the largest mass transit program in the U.S. (National Wildlife Federation). I rise today to recognize Perley A. Thomas and his family who have aided in the transpor-tation system for many generations. Thomas Built Buses started in 1916 in High Point, North Carolina and since then, the Thomas children and grandchildren have built a national reputation among the school bus business. In 2011, Thomas Built Buses became the first, and remains the only, school bus manu-facturer to achieve Zero-Waste-to-Landfill op-erations, demonstrating its industry leadership as a driving force in facility waste manage-ment and environmental commitment. Today, a decade into the school bus occu-pation, Thomas Built Buses offers school, ac-tivity, green, childcare, specialty and commer-cial buses across the nation. As the United States Congresswoman for North Carolina’s 12th Congressional District, I am proud to offer my congratulations for 100 years of service and best wishes to you. Thank you for making such a positive impact in this country and for many years to come. HONORING CHIEF DEPUTY JERRY RICE HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chief Deputy Jerry Rice of Hender-son County, North Carolina. On behalf of the people of Western North Carolina, I would like to thank Chief Deputy Rice for his dedication to Henderson County, and congratulate him on his retirement after three decades of faith-ful service. Chief Deputy Rice’s long career in law en-forcement began in 1986 with a position as a tele-communicator for the Brevard Police De-partment. That same year he completed Basic Law Enforcement training and subsequently worked as a patrol officer with the Brevard Po-lice Department. In July 1987, Chief Deputy Rice began service with the Henderson Coun-ty Sheriff’s Office. There, he spent time in a wide range of roles, working at different points as a patrol deputy, a field training officer, a detective, and an undercover narcotics investi-gator. Later in his career, he held several su-pervisory positions in the Sheriff’s Office serv-ing as Detective Sergeant over Drug Enforce-ment, Detective Lieutenant supervising Prop-erty Crimes, Operations Lieutenant in CID, Chief Administrator of the Henderson County Detention Facility, and Operations Major. Over the course of his career, Chief Deputy Rice also spent six years as a member of SWAT, became a Rifle Marksman and a general and specialized firearms instructor, earned a li-cense as a polygraph examiner, and became an airplane and rotary wing law enforcement pilot. Throughout his time with the Henderson County Sheriff’s Office, Chief Deputy Rice was known for friendship, helpfulness, and dedica-tion to the mission of his office. He earned a reputation for his clear understanding of the issues facing Henderson County and for his reasoned voice and counsel. I am proud to honor Chief Deputy Jerry Rice for his lifelong commitment to public service and to express the gratitude of myself and the people of Western North Carolina. 
f 
IN HONOR OF POLICE CHIEF JOHN FOSTER, 35 YEARS OF LAW EN-FORCEMENT 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of myself and Mr. L
AMALFA, to honor the service of Police Chief John Fos-ter, who has kept the citizens of Grass Valley, California, safe for 17 years. As a police officer for 35 years, Chief Foster has dedicated his life to public welfare and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22MR8.001 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE356 March 22, 2016 
safety. He began his career as a police officer in Palo Alto, California. Over the course of 13 years, he was promoted to Sergeant and then Lieutenant. His demonstrated leadership re-sulted in the position of Police Captain in Cor-vallis, Oregon. John Foster became the Chief of Grass Val-ley Police in July 1998. He has been a main-stay of the community ever since that time. He has been a member of the Chamber of Com-merce, Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks, Rotary International, League of Cities, and Big Brothers and Big Sisters. He currently serves as a Blue and Gold Officer for the United States Naval Academy. Chief Foster has been the standard-bearer for public safety and leadership training. He is a member of the POST Instructor Standards Council, a Pointman Leadership Institute In-structor, an Allied to Benefit Law Enforcement Consultant/Trainer, a Sierra College Adminis-tration of Justice Committee member, a Drug Free Coalition Steering Committee member, a Nevada County Law Enforcement and Fire Council and a Leadership Institute Advisory Council member. Mr. Speaker, Chief John Foster has dedi-cated his life to the protection of his fellow citi-zens. He is an example of leadership for us all. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANT WORK OF NURSE PRACTI-TIONERS AND SUPPORTING IN-CREASED ACCESS TO HOME HEALTH 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the many nurse practitioners (NPs) in Oregon and nationwide who work hard to provide quality health care to patients. Today, I’m meeting with Nancy Cavanaugh, a pedi-atric NP from Central Point, Oregon. Nancy practices at La Clinica’s school-based health centers, including at Crater High School in Central Point. NPs like Nancy are the health provider of choice for millions of Americans seeking primary care, pediatric care, disease education, and other preventative services. Along with clinical nurse specialists (CNSs), certified nurse midwives (CNMs), and physi-cian assistants (PAs), NPs serve many pa-tients as their main source of care, especially in rural areas where a physician isn’t always readily available. Despite this important role, these clinicians remain unable to order home health services for the Medicare patients under their care. This impediment results in an administrative and paperwork burden, creating an unneces-sary step in care delivery. That is why I intro-duced H.R. 1342, the Home Health Care Plan-ning Improvement Act of 2015, which would ensure that our Medicare beneficiaries get the home health care they need in a timely man-ner by allowing NPs, CNSs, CNMs and PAs to order home health services, if their state al-lows it. By easing administrative burdens and per-mitting nurse practitioners like Nancy to order and certify home health services, the Home Health Care Planning Improvement Act would help deliver needed care to patients, espe-cially in areas where access to health care is limited. Oregon’s seniors should be able to re-ceive this important care in a timely fashion, because no one should be forced to choose between receiving health care and remaining in his or her home. Please join me in thanking Nancy and her fellow NPs for their hard work on behalf of patients. f 
HONORING MERLE LEWIS 
HON. TOM MARINO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of my constituent Merle Lewis, recog-nizing the celebration of his 90th birthday on April 8th. An upstanding resident of Pennsylvania, Merle resides in Glenburn Township with his wife Hilda. Merle and Hilda have been happily married for over 50 years. Merle has led a successful life as a dairy farmer and is a committed advocate for the agriculture community. Merle serves as a Di-rector of the Wyoming-Lackawanna Farm Bu-reau as well as a SafeMark dealer for the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau. He is the former Director of the Lackawanna County Dairy Herd Improvement Association. Along with his many responsibilities to the Farm Bureau, Merle is a member of the Ori-ental Grange in Lake Winola and a past mem-ber of the Green Grove Grange in Scott Town-ship. I want to wish Merle a very happy 90th birthday and thank him for his service to all of the farmers in Pennsylvania. 
f 
RESTORE THE VOTE 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge today as Restoration Tuesday and to honor the role of the brave men and women who fought in the ongoing battle to protect our most sacred constitutional right, the right to vote. Today, 51 years ago, courageous men and women stood tall and moved forward on what would be the final march of the peaceful pro-test marches from Selma to Montgomery, Ala-bama in March of 1965. This final march only occurred after countless Americans were left beaten, bloody and bruised on ‘‘Bloody Sun-day’’ in pursuit of their fundamental right—the right to have their voices heard and their vote counted. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 would never have been possible without their sac-rifices; but still today old battles have become anew and the struggle for equal voting rights continues. It is reprehensible that still in 2016, Ameri-cans across the nation continue to face mod-ern day barriers to the ballot box. A number of states, including Alabama, quickly passed re-strictive laws designed to suppress the vote after the Supreme Court struck down Section 4 pre-clearance and federal protection for vul-nerable communities in 2013. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was reauthorized nearly a decade ago and it is shameful that still today, people across the nation do not enjoy full and free access to exercise their right to vote. The time is always right to do what is right. As we continue to progress throughout this election year, it is especially critical that all Americans have fair and equal access to the ballot box. Our very democracy is built on the ability of every citizen being able to have their voices heard and vote counted. We must learn from the lessons of the past and honor those who sacrificed for our na-tion’s progress. Just recently, I introduced leg-islation to honor voting rights icon, Amelia Boynton Robinson, by renaming the Selma, Alabama post office in her honor. Mrs. Boyn-ton Robinson was a voting rights hero and one of the Foot Soldiers on the front lines of the 1965 voting rights marches. She made the clear and compelling statement through her campaign motto when running for Congress as the first woman from the State of Alabama that ‘‘A Voteless People Is A Hopeless Peo-ple.’’ We cannot continue to repeat the errors of the past. Amelia Boynton Robinson, like so many others literally shed blood for the right to vote. Fifty-one years later, no one should have to face violence or shed blood for a funda-mental right. Also, just today I introduced legislation to designate several civil rights and voting rights sites in Birmingham, AL as a national park in order to commemorate their historical signifi-cance. While these pieces of legislation are important gestures, the best way to com-memorate and recognize their legacy is to pass meaningful voting rights legislation that would restore key provisions of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Now is the time. Congress must act. The American people cannot wait any longer. On this Restoration Tuesday, we honor the men and women who stood for our fundamental right and take up the cause to continue the fight. The right to vote is worth fighting for and we must fight until the battle is won. We must Restore the Vote. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE ALIQUIPPA QUIPS FOR A PERFECT SEASON 
HON. KEITH J. ROTHFUS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize the Aliquippa Quips boys basketball team for claiming the PIAA Class AA title after an undefeated season with a perfect 30–0 record. Their extraordinary accomplishment makes the entire community proud. It is history in the making. They’re only the 13th WPIAL team to ever win a state basket-ball title with a perfect record, and the 33rd undefeated boys basketball state champion. This is Aliquippa’s first state title since 1997, and their first undefeated state championship since 1949. Athletics endow young people with many of the virtues and skills they will need to succeed not only on the court, but in every other en-deavor. These young men are being rewarded for their hard work, dedication, athleticism, and team unity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22MR8.005 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE357 March 22, 2016 
I wish the seniors luck in their future en-deavors, and I extend my best wishes to the coaches and the team for another outstanding season next year. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT ‘‘BOB’’ MCGLOTTEN 
HON. WM. LACY CLAY 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a remarkable gentleman and long- time workers’ rights icon in Washington, D.C., Mr. Robert ‘‘Bob’’ McGlotten, who departed this world on March 12th, 2016. He was a labor rights trailblazer, champion for positive social change, beloved husband, father, and dedicated public servant. He set a standard of excellence in labor reform, social justice, and national leadership that has been equaled by few other people. Bob was a trailblazer who made history and changed America for the better. He served the American Federation of Labor-Congress of In-dustrial Organizations (AFL–CIO) in many ca-pacities including as its Legislative Director, the first African American to serve in that high position, where he championed the rights of millions of working men and women for nearly three decades. One of his key accomplish-ments was to increase union involvement in employment programs across the country. His career included his exceptional service as a board member for the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation as well as his work as a special assistant to former Secretary of Labor Peter Brennan. Bob came from humble beginnings, but rose to become one of the na-tion’s most powerful and effective union lead-ers. He stood shoulder-to-shoulder with my fa-ther, former Congressman Bill Clay, as they worked tirelessly to promote and protect the rights of the American worker. I have known him since I was a child. A grand and gracious gentleman, he was a vi-sionary. My Mom and Dad, and indeed our entire family, have wonderful memories of him. We always regarded him as a person of great integrity, a gentleman and a scholar, and a man who possessed both a warm smile and a caring heart. My thoughts and prayers are with Bob’s family, associates, and colleagues at this pain-ful hour. He is survived by his beloved wife of 23 years, Cheryl; his dear daughters Karen, Darlene and Roben; and his cherished sisters Patricia and Teresa Sparks; along with 10 grandchildren and a host of great grand-children, nieces, nephews, family and friends. I too have a heavy heart, as I reflect on our many years of enduring friendship. Bob was an incredible person who touched the hearts of people throughout the country that he served so ably and so well. May God bless him with perfect peace and eternal rest and may He bless all who mourn him with strength, faith, and renewed dedica-tion to continue his good works. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members of Congress to join me in honoring the memory of Bob McGlotten for his legacy of honor and his strong commitment to confront injustice and inequality wherever he found it. IN CELEBRATION OF THE 50TH AN-NIVERSARY OF BIG BROTHERS BIG SISTERS OF NEW HAMP-SHIRE HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th anniversary of Big Brothers Big Sisters of New Hampshire. I am pleased to join previous volunteers, mentors, program participants and supporters of the program to recognize the commitment and hard work the ‘‘Bigs’’ have made in the lives of the ‘‘Littles’’ they have impacted in the Granite State over the past 50 years. The belief of Big Brothers Big Sisters is very simple. They believe that every child has the ability to succeed in life, and for some it takes the extra guidance of a mentor to help them on their way to success. Their mission is more difficult as we sadly know that many children come from difficult situations, single parent households, or have challenges in learning and socializing unlike other kids their age. The ‘‘Bigs,’’ or adult mentors, become a consistent presence in the lives of their ‘‘Littles’’ and help lend structure, support and confidence to these kids in their everyday lives. Many kids who have come up through Big Brothers Big Sisters have given testimony over the years that they wouldn’t be where they are today were it not for the help and support of their Big Brother or Big Sister, and I thank these men and women for taking time out of their lives to help support the children of our great state. I am proud to join with my fellow Granite Staters in recognizing the 50th anniversary of the Big Brothers Big Sisters of New Hamp-shire, and wish them all the best in their future years. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO RADIO FREE EUROPE/RADIO LIBERTY AND VOICE OF AMERICA 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate our civilian U.S. international media organizations, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty and the Voice of Amer-ica, for the dramatic work they have done in jointly creating and developing their Russian language television news venture, ‘‘Current Time.’’ ‘‘Current Time’’ draws upon a uniquely in-formed network of reporters and commenta-tors to provide timely and credible news. It has expanded since its debut in October 2014 from a 30-minute, daily broadcast into a brand that combines daily and weekly programs on numerous platforms to bring audiences all along Russia’s borders—from the Baltic coun-tries, through Belarus, Ukraine, and Moldova, to the Caucasus countries and on into Central Asia—the information they need. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating and supporting the ‘‘Current Time’’ team, and Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty and the Voice of America. Their work makes a critical contribution to supporting the free-dom of the press for Russian speakers in crit-ical regions around the world. f 
THE GREAT LAKES—A NATIONAL TREASURE 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, Teddy Roosevelt, America’s original conservationist said, ‘‘We are prone to speak of the resources of this country as inexhaustible. This is not so.’’ This could not be more true for our nation’s water: the lakes, rivers, streams, and oceans that enrich our land and people. That’s why, today, World Water Day, I would like to address the importance of pro-tecting one of our national treasures, the Great Lakes. I have had the opportunity to represent parts of both Lake Erie and Lake Ontario during my time in Congress and serve as co-chair of the House Great Lakes Task Force. I know first-hand just how important the lakes are to my district, the region, as well as the country and planet. The Great Lakes represent 20 percent of the world’s fresh water supply and 95 percent of our nation’s fresh water supply. They are a source of drinking water, jobs, and recreation for millions of Americans. They are one of our country’s most precious resources. We have an obligation to protect and reha-bilitate this precious resource. From historic problems which have risen from mistakes made generations ago to new threats, like cli-mate change, there are so many matters en-dangering the health of our Great Lakes. This is why programs such as the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative are so important to our region. The GLRI has funded the cleanup of toxic substances and has helped to combat the threat to our lakes from invasive species. We are all aware of the threat Asian Carp and other invasive species pose to the Great Lakes water system. The Asian Carp have been destructive to the rivers and streams that they have invaded and we must do everything in our power to prevent them from entering the Great Lakes at all. They have no natural pred-ators to keep their populations in check and we cannot afford to let these fish wreak havoc on the ecosystems of the Great Lakes. I have consistently supported efforts to proactively protect our systems from dan-gerous invasive species and will continue to do so. I encourage my colleagues to join me. We need to make sure to hold Congress re-sponsible for adequately funding the programs such as the GLRI and to work proactively to prevent the introduction of pollutants and spe-cies that threaten the safety and security of our water. In fact, humans can only survive four days without water. Ensuring the safety and avail-ability of our water is truly life or death. These magnificent bodies of water are truly precious and we must do all that we can to protect these national treasures for future gen-erations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22MR8.009 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE358 March 22, 2016 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROSE RANDAZZO, THE SUNDAY DISPATCH’S 2015 PERSON OF THE YEAR 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Rose Randazzo, who has been named the Sunday Dispatch’s Greater Pittston Person of the Year for 2015. Since 2000, the Sunday Dispatch selects a person annually who has a positive impact in the Greater Pittston Community over the course of the previous year. Rose has been a key figure to Pittston’s efforts to revitalize the city’s Main Street. In 2010, Rose was named the Main Street Manager, a volunteer position to help attract new businesses and arts to downtown Pittston. The most recent major art project is the Inspirational Mural, completed by muralist Michael Pilato and located on the side of the Newrose Building. The mural is dedicated to the residents of Greater Pittston and depicts more than forty local figures who have had an impact on life in the area. In addition to Pilato’s mural, downtown Pittston implemented Second Friday Art Walks in May 2013. Every second Friday during the summer months, craft and art vendors populate Pittston’s Main Street. Due to the success of the art walks and other endeavors taken on by Rose, ‘‘American Craft Week’’ named Pittston the 8th best town for craft lovers in 2015. Rose’s agenda also includes rehabilitation of the city’s aging buildings. The first building Rose helped revitalize as Main Street Man-ager was the building at 26 Main Street, which houses Napoli’s Pizza. Completed in Novem-ber 2011, it is the first and only building with Italianate architecture in Pittston. Another one of Rose’s success stories is the Christopher Building. Before Rose intervened, the City of Pittston was considering demolishing this his-toric building. Rose purchased the building and had it renovated. Today, the Christopher Building houses one of Pittston’s most suc-cessful restaurants. It is an honor to recognize an individual who is ushering in a new renaissance for the City of Pittston. Rose truly has great vision for the historic town. I wish Rose continued success in her efforts to bring new life to Pittston. 
f 
HONORING CORTINA RANCHERIA CHAIRMAN CHARLIE WRIGHT 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Chairman Charlie Wright for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates like Mr. Wright. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Mr. Wright to further our mu-tual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. f 
H.R. 4742 PROMOTING WOMEN IN ENTREPRENEURSHIP ACT AND H.R. 4755 INSPIRING THE NEXT SPACE PIONEERS, INNOVATORS, RESEARCHERS, AND EXPLORERS WOMEN ACT 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4742, the Promoting Women in Entrepreneur-ship Act and H.R. 4755, the Inspiring the Next Space Pioneers, Innovators, Researchers, and Explorers Women Act. These two bills would support entrepreneur-ship programs for women and encourage young girls and women to pursue STEM de-grees and careers. Throughout my career in Congress and my time as the Ranking Member of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, I have been passionate about ensuring opportu-nities for women in STEM fields. More women are pursuing STEM degrees and careers overall, but they are still under-represented in many STEM fields. This is es-pecially true in STEM fields with high entrepre-neurship rates, such as engineering and com-puter science. Along with STEM training, women face other barriers to entrepreneurship, including access to credit. Due to such barriers, it is important to sup-port entrepreneurship programs focused on women. H.R. 4742 does that by supporting programs at the National Science Foundation that recruit and promote women who are look-ing to move beyond the laboratory and enter the commercial world. I want to thank my colleague, Representa-tive ESTY, for her work on this bill. H.R. 4755 would support existing programs at NASA that encourage young girls and women to study STEM fields and pursue ca-reers in aerospace. These programs include NASA GIRLS, a virtual mentoring program; Aspire to Inspire, a program connecting young girls with women with STEM careers at NASA; and a summer institute program that increases awareness and exposes middle school girls to the STEM careers at NASA. Additionally, H.R. 4755 calls on NASA to submit a plan to Congress on how to best use their current and retired workforce to mentor female K–12 students. Utilizing our retired STEM workforce can multiply the opportunities for mentorship, but I appreciate Mrs. C
OM-
STOCK ’s agreement to include current NASA employees, especially early career women at NASA. Seeing a young female scientist or en-gineer might be the best way to show young girls that STEM careers are possible for them. I would to thank my colleague, Representa-tive C
OMSTOCK , for her work on this bill and for working with me to broaden the scope of the plan. I strongly support both H.R. 4742 and H.R. 4755 and I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the same. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF COLONEL FERDINAND CLARENCE ‘‘FRED’’ BIDGOOD 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of my constituent, Colonel Ferdinand Clarence ‘‘Fred’’ Bidgood, a retired United States Army officer, a patriot, and a true leader. After his birth in 1938 in Fort Benning, Georgia, Fred went on to live in Lon-don, England where he graduated from Cen-tral High School in 1955. He matriculated into the United States Military Academy’s Class of 1960 where he received a Bachelor of Science degree. Fred later earned a Master’s degree in civil engineering from Texas A&M, and graduated from the Armed Forces Staff College. Following his graduation from the United States Military Academy, Fred was commis-sioned as 2nd Lieutenant in the Army and served around the world in command and staff positions in both Artillery and Engineer units. Throughout his career, he served as Associate Executive Director of the Paralyzed Veterans of America in Washington, DC and Chief of Staff for the National Victory Celebration, where his duties included welcoming home troops from the Gulf War. He also served as Director on the Board of Governors of the World United Services Organization and Chairman of their Human Resources Com-mittee, and he was a member of the Board of Advisers of National Handicapped Sports. Fred lived much of his life in South Run For-est community in Springfield, Virginia. On Vet-erans Day, Flag Day, and Memorial Day, Fred 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MR8.001 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE359 March 22, 2016 
enjoyed distributing flags across his entire community to share his patriotic spirit with his neighbors in honor of our country and all those who have served it bravely with him. Fred will be remembered dearly across the South Run Forest community by all those he touched on a daily basis. He was well known by many of his neighbors for having a witty sense of humor. One of Fred’s neighbors, Norman Bayne, once told me about a time when he was mowing his lawn and wearing shorts, Fred came out and shouted, ‘‘If I had legs like that I would wear pants.’’ Fred always had a way to brighten the day of those around him. Fred’s final assignment in the military was as an Executive Assistant to the Administrator of the Veterans Administration. He passed away a decorated veteran, having earned four awards of the Legion of Merit, The Bronze Star, two awards of the Meritorious Service Medal, the Air Medal, and the Army Com-mendation Medal. He was preceded in death by his daughter Kerri. He is survived by his wife Marilyn of 55 years, two sons Mark and Matthew, and four grandchildren, Damon, Haley, Aidan, and Brianna. I am honored to commemorate Fred today for his life of leader-ship, service, and selfless contributions to our great nation. We are fortunate to have citizens like Fred who are willing to put their life at risk to serve the United States of America. 
f 
HONORING ED NORTON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN rise to recognize and honor Ed Norton for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Moun-tain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates like Mr. Norton. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Mr. Norton to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collabo-rating in the future. f 
WELCOME BRYNLEE ELIZABETH LUMLEY 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I am happy to congratulate Sarah Lumley and her husband, Nick Lumley, on the birth of their new baby girl. Brynlee Elizabeth Lumley was born at 4:27 p.m. on Wednesday, March 16, 2016, at University Hospital in Augusta, Georgia. Brynlee weighed seven pounds and ten ounces and measured 20 and 3/4 inches long. She is the first child for the happy couple and I have no doubt her talented parents will be dedicated to her well-being and bright fu-ture. I would also like to congratulate Brynlee’s grandparents, Jerry and Dawn Barber of Jack-son, South Carolina, and John and Valerie Zentz of North Augusta, South Carolina. Con-gratulations to her entire family as they wel-come their newest addition of pure pride and joy. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 130, I regretfully missed this vote due to illness. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
HONORING CALIFORNIA STATE ASSEMBLYMAN BILL DODD 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Assemblyman Dodd for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates like Assemblyman Dodd. Their com-mitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated ef-fort to achieve permanent protection was crit-ical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Assemblyman Dodd to fur-ther our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. f 
RECOGNIZING CAPTAIN DON WILLIAMS, USN (RET.) 
HON. JOSEPH J. HECK 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor today to memorialize the life and career of Captain Donald Edward Williams, United States Navy, Retired. Captain Williams, a resident of the Sun City Anthem community in my district, passed away on February 23, 2016 at the age of 74. His life and service to the United States was truly remarkable and worthy of our recognition in this House. After graduating with a degree in Mechan-ical Engineering from Purdue University, Cap-tain Williams received a commission in the United States Navy through Purdue’s NROTC program. He went to flight training in 1964 and earned his pilots wings in 1966. Captain Williams made four combat deploy-ments during Vietnam; two with Attack Squad-ron 113 and two with Attack Squadron 97, both aboard the USS Enterprise. In all, Don Williams flew 330 combat missions in Viet-nam. For his service he was awarded the Legion of Merit, Distinguished Flying Cross, 2 Navy Commendation Medals with Combat V device, the Vietnam Service Medal, a Vietnamese Gallantry Cross, and the Vietnam Campaign Medal. Following the war, Captain Williams contin-ued his service as a Navy test pilot, logging more than 6,000 hours flying time, which in-cludes 5,700 hours in jets and 745 carrier landings. In 1978, Captain Williams was selected by NASA and one year later became an astro-naut qualified for assignment as a pilot on fu-ture Space shuttle flights. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MR8.004 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE360 March 22, 2016 
Captain Williams made two space flights. His first was in 1985 aboard the Space Shuttle Discovery and his second was in 1989 aboard the shuttle Atlantis, where he served as spacecraft commander. Aboard the Atlantis, Captain Williams and his crew suc-cessfully deployed the Galileo spacecraft, starting its journey to explore Jupiter. During his time with NASA, Captain Wil-liams was awarded the NASA Outstanding Leadership Medal, NASA Space Flight Medal, and NASA Exceptional Service Medal. In total he logged more than 287 hours in space and orbited Earth 188 times. I do not make such statements lightly, Mr. Speaker, but Captain Donald Williams was the epitome of an American hero. He served our country during war and peace and on behalf of a grateful nation, I thank him. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,202,994,410,080.31. We’ve added $8,576,117,361,167.23 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING CITY OF WINTERS MAYOR CECILIA AGUILAR-CURRY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Mayor Aguilar-Curry for her great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates like Mayor Aguilar-Curry. Their com-mitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated ef-fort to achieve permanent protection was crit-ical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Mayor Aguilar-Curry to fur-ther our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. f 
TRIBUTE TO STAFF SGT. LOUIS F. ‘‘LOUIE’’ CARDIN 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a hero from my congressional district, United States Marine Corps Staff Ser-geant Louis F. ‘‘Louie’’ Cardin. Today we ask that the House of Representatives honor and remember this incredible young man who died in service to our country. SSG Cardin was from Temecula, California, where he graduated from Chaparral High School. He was the second youngest of seven siblings, siblings whom he looked up to and followed including following one brother into military service. Staff Sergeant Cardin is re-membered fondly by family and friends, who knew him for his humor and love of family and life. He is survived by this parents and sib-lings. SSG Cardin was assigned to the 2nd Bat-talion, 6th Marine Regiment, 26th Marine Ex-peditionary Unit, Camp Lejeune, North Caro-lina. He was killed in action in Makhmur, Iraq on March 19, 2016. Staff Sergeant Cardin was 27 years old. He had an illustrious military ca-reer where he was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation, three Afghanistan Campaign medals, an Iraq Campaign Medal, and three Sea Service Deployment ribbons. As we look at the incredibly rich military his-tory of our country we realize that this history is comprised of men, just like Staff Sergeant Cardin, who bravely fought for the ideals of freedom and democracy. Each story is unique and humbling for those of us who, far from the dangers they have faced, live our lives in rel-ative comfort and ease. The day the Cardin family learned of their son and brother’s death was probably the hardest day they have ever faced and our thoughts, prayers and deepest gratitude for Staff Sergeant Cardin’s sacrifice go out to them. There are no words or actions that can ease their grief. What words we can offer only begin to convey our deep respect and highest appreciation for the sacrifice Staff Sergeant Cardin made for our great nation. His sacrifice is forever etched in the history of freedom triumphing over oppression. Staff Sergeant Cardin’s family has given a part of themselves in the loss of their loved one and we hope they know that the good-ness he brought to this world and the sacrifice he has made will never be forgotten. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, March 21st, 2016, I was unable to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted YES on roll call no. 130. 
f 
HONORING NAPA COUNTY SUPERVISOR DIANE DILLON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Supervisor Dillon for her great con-tribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates like Supervisor Dillon. Their commit-ment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated ef-fort to achieve permanent protection was crit-ical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Supervisor Dillon to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22MR8.009 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE361 March 22, 2016 
HONORING THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ROTARY CLUB OF NAPERVILLE, ILLINOIS 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 75th anniversary of the Rotary Club of Naperville, which was founded on March 31, 1941. The Rotary Club of Naperville is a chartered member of Rotary International, which boasts an impressive membership of 1.2 million neighbors, friends, and community leaders who come together to create positive, lasting change in our communities and around the world. Since its inception, the Rotary Club of Naperville has been a major supporter of char-itable and community causes, and has contrib-uted over $1 million to deserving programs that serve those in need throughout our com-munity. Moreover, its members have devoted immeasurable hours in volunteer and humani-tarian service, not only in our community but across the globe. The Rotary Club of Naperville and its members truly live the Ro-tary motto, ‘‘Service Above Self.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commemorating the 75th anniversary of the Rotary Club of Naperville and in commending it as it continues its long tradition of fellowship and service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FIESTA’S 125TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I want to recognize the more than 75,000 indi-viduals who donate their time and talents to organizing Fiesta San Antonio. Fiesta San An-tonio started in 1891 as a one-parade event, and it has evolved into one of the nation’s pre-mier festivals with an economic impact of more than $284 million dollars for the Alamo City. The 125th anniversary of Fiesta will take place this year in a 10-day celebration from April 14 through 24; the festival commemo-rates the Battles of the Alamo and San Jacinto and the birth of multiethnic heritage of the Alamo City. The area non-profit organizations that stage more than 100 Fiesta events held throughout the city include churches, schools, arts groups, health organizations, athletic as-sociations, and many others; local units of the United States Army, Navy, Air Force, and Ma-rines offer their support to many of these gath-erings while also presenting events of their own. Fiesta San Antonio has become a popular attraction for visitors from far and wide, and more than three million party-goers enjoy Fi-esta San Antonio from across the state, nation and world each year. Fiesta is the Party With A Purpose as the funds raised by official Fi-esta events provide services to San Antonio citizens throughout the year. An undertaking of this magnitude depends on the efforts of many volunteers. Deserving of special recognition are the officers and staff of the Fiesta San An-tonio Commission, including president Vonzetta Hickman, president-elect Erwin DeLuna, senior vice president Bill Mitchell, vice president Byron LeFlore, Jr., vice presi-dent Virginia Van Cleave, treasurer Marcie Ince, secretary Joe Ramirez, presidential ap-pointee Marsha Hendler, immediate past president Fernando Reyes, and executive di-rector Amy Shaw. Fiesta San Antonio brings together people from all walks of life to join in a spirited cele-bration of the city’s rich history, culture, and traditions. In appreciation of all they have done, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues join me in thanking them for their efforts. f 
HONORING DAN SMUTTS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN rise to recognize and honor Dan Smutts for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Moun-tain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates like Mr. Smutts. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Mr. Smutts to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collabo-rating in the future. AHMADIYYA-INDONESIA HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the men and women of the Ahmadiyya Muslim commu-nity are peaceful followers of Islam. Ahmadis around the world work tirelessly to counter vio-lent extremist propaganda and defend their re-ligion against terrorists. But for years they have suffered systematic oppression, ruthless attacks, and false imprisonment. Since 2008, the Ahmadiyya community has been the subject of deadly attacks from mili-tant Islamists in Indonesia simply because they have different beliefs. Following a Presi-dential decree ordering the Ahmadiyya com-munity to ‘‘stop spreading interpretations and activities that deviate from the principal teach-ings of Islam,’’ Ahmadis in Indonesia have faced escalating threats of violence. In the most recent attack on Bangka Island, top elected officials told the Ahmadiyya com-munity that they must convert to Sunni Islam or be forcibly removed from the island. This campaign of intolerance was compounded by letters warning that Bangka residents ‘‘won’t want to be held accountable if ugly things hap-pen’’ should the Ahmadiyya refuse to leave. The government followed through on these ex-pulsions and on February 5th eleven Ahmadis were forced to leave their families and homes. Nine other victims remained behind and are currently living at the Ahmadiyya Secretariat Office, unable to return to their homes out of fear. The rights of all Indonesian citizens, regard-less of their religious beliefs, should be pro-tected. The right to worship is not a right granted by man but by our Creator. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE HOUSING AU-THORITY OF THE COUNTY OF MONTEREY 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the Housing Authority of the County of Monterey’s celebration of 75 years of serv-ice in the 20th Congressional District of Cali-fornia. I have long argued that the biggest issue facing the economic future of my Central California region is affordable workforce hous-ing. The Housing Authority of the County of Monterey was created on March 17, 1941. Its original purpose was to provide low-income rentals in the County of Monterey as an inde-pendent public agency. However, in the last 75 years, the Housing Authority has gone well beyond its original design. The Housing Authority has proven to be an invaluable asset in times of both war and peace. At the close of World War II, the Hous-ing Authority’s performance was exemplary in locating emergency housing for returning vet-erans and their families and they have contin-ued to show this support for Monterey County for over seven decades. Throughout the years, the Housing Authority has expanded its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MR8.015 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE362 March 22, 2016 
programs to include low-income rental apart-ments, low-income Housing Choice Voucher rental assistance to the private market, and development of affordable housing in concert with related non-profits. In addition, the Hous-ing Authority provides property management services and tax-exempt bond financing for housing construction to its related non-profits. The Housing Authority is contributing to the reduction of homelessness in the County of Monterey through its collaboration with other local non-profits and governmental jurisdic-tions. The Housing Authority has provided transitional and permanent supportive housing to local residents who have found themselves homeless. The Housing Authority provides permanent and migrant housing for low-income farm-workers who support the agricultural economy of the County of Monterey. The Housing Au-thority also provides housing for low-income persons with disabilities and senior citizens. As the population of seniors and the disabled grow in the County, the Housing Authority has risen to the challenge of housing these popu-lations of citizens. Finally, the cost of rental housing has grown substantially in the last years, the need for af-fordable housing has also burgeoned. In part-nership with its affiliated nonprofit develop-ment corporation, the Housing Authority has rehabilitated its housing units to insure that they remain an affordable housing option for generations to come. The Housing Develop-ment Corporation has assisted other housing authorities in the redevelopment of their obso-lete housing units and has led the way in reuse of property. Mr. Speaker, I know that I speak for the whole House in recognizing the achievements of the Housing Authority of the County of Mon-terey. The Housing Authority has made end-less contributions to Monterey County for the services it has provided for the residents of the 20th Congressional District of California. 
f 
HONORING MATT KELLER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Matt Keller for his great contribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates like Mr. Keller. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Mr. Keller to further our mu-tual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. f 
HONORING MARK VAN TINE 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mark Van Tine, Vice President of Digital Aviation for The Boeing Company and Chief Executive Officer of Jeppesen, who is retiring after 35 years with the company. Mr. Van Tine is a true champion of the aviation industry and an inspiration to young people considering an aviation career. Since 1981, Mr. Van Tine has held numer-ous positions at Jeppesen, including serving as its Chief Information Officer, before being named CEO in 2002. In 2012, he added re-sponsibilities as the leader of Boeing’s new Digital Aviation organization. In recent years, Mr. Van Tine took on the tremendous chal-lenge of overseeing Jeppesen’s digital trans-formation, moving the entire global aviation in-dustry to electronic charts. This process re-duced from 2.5 billion sheets of navigational paper for the worldwide aviation and maritime industries annually to around 475 million sheets annually today. He leads more than 3,800 employees at Jeppesen, headquartered in Englewood, Colorado, who serve four key customer markets—general, business, military, and commercial aviation—of which there are more than 100,000 customers. In his role with The Boeing Company, Mr. Van Tine oversees more than 4,400 employees in developing and delivering cutting-edge information solutions. Mr. Van Tine is also an active contributor to the general aviation community. He sits on the boards of the General Aviation Manufacturers Association (GAMA) and the Experimental Air-craft Association (EAA). In 2009 he served as GAMA’s Chairman and has since chaired the association’s Security Issues Committee for five years. In this capacity, he skillfully testified before the House Homeland Security Commit-tee’s Transportation Security Subcommittee in 2011, offering the general aviation industry’s perspectives on reauthorization of the Trans-portation Security Administration. His greatest passion, however, is instilling a love of aviation in young people and encour-aging them to become the next generation of aviation leaders. A naturally gifted mentor, Mr. Van Tine devised a Science, Technology, En-gineering, and Math (STEM) competition for high schoolers with an annual prize being a two-week build of a Glasair Sportsman air-plane. This June marks the third year Mr. Van Tine will join students to assemble an aircraft in the GAMA/Build A Plane Aviation Design Challenge. He also chairs the Jeppesen Avia-tion Foundation, which honors the legacy of Captain Elrey B. Jeppesen by supporting edu-cational institutions, organizations, and stu-dents in the aviation community. In addition, he helps to teach character, leadership, and life skills to urban youth as a Board member with Colorado UPLIFT, a non-profit youth serv-ice organization. I congratulate Mark Van Tine on his many accomplishments and years of outstanding service to the aviation community on this mile-stone occasion. He is truly an asset to the people of Colorado and to those millions of passengers around the globe who are safe in the skies and at sea each year through the use of his navigation services. f 
CONDEMNING THE 22-YEAR SEN-TENCE ISSUED AGAINST NADIYA SAVCHENKO 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I condemn the ver-dict and 22-year sentence issued today against Nadiya Savchenko by Russian authori-ties. The verdict shows disregard for the rule of law and is completely unjust. I once again call on Russian authorities to release her im-mediately. Throughout Savchenko’s detention and trial, I have been deeply troubled by the serious violations in due process. Since her capture and imprisonment in July 2014 on trumped-up charges, her trial and hearing dates were re-peatedly delayed, and her trial venue were moved to a remote region in Russia, difficult for observers to reach. Savchenko also en-dured interrogations, solitary confinement, and forced psychiatric evaluations. Since her capture, Savchenko has come to represent the spirit of an independent Ukraine, free from interference and eager to embrace the will of its own people. I join the people of Ukraine in expressing my deep concern for her well being, and in protesting her verdict and sentence. I continue to call on Russian authorities to release Nadiya Savchenko immediately. 
f 
HONORING BOB SCHNEIDER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Bob Schneider for his great con-tribution to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MR8.019 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE363 March 22, 2016 
This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates like Mr. Schneider. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local resi-dents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated ef-fort to achieve permanent protection was crit-ical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-source. The region’s unique geological forma-tions will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Mr. Schneider to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collabo-rating in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 4314, the Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016, as amended (Roll Call No. 130), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ The bill would require the State Department and other federal agencies to develop a plan that boosts the ability of U.S. allies to block international travel of terrorists and foreign fighters and to accelerate the transfer to part-ner nations of certain U.S. systems that help identify terrorists and other high-risk individ-uals. It also would establish minimum inter-national border security standards and allows the suspension of U.S. foreign aid to nations that fail to make significant efforts to comply with those minimum standards. 
f 
HONORING JOSE´GONZA´LEZ 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative HUFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Mr. Gonza´lez for his great contribu-tion to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates like Mr Gonza´lez. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local resi-dents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated ef-fort to achieve permanent protection was crit-ical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Mr. Gonza´lez to further our mutual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collabo-rating in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, on March 21, 2016, on Roll Call No. 130 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 4314, Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2016, as amended, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on H.R. 4314. 
f 
EXPRESSING CONDOLENCES TO THE VICTIMS OF THE TER-RORIST ATTACKS IN BRUSSELS AND SOLIDARITY WITH THE PEO-PLE OF BELGIUM 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remember the innocent victims who lost their lives, and those who were seriously injured, this morning in the barbaric attacks per-petrated by terrorists in Brussels, Belgium. Our hearts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of the victims and our thanks and appreciation go to the first responders who selflessly came to the aid of their fellow members of the human family. Brussels will emerge from today’s attacks stronger than ever and more firmly committed to the values and principles that have made it so great. And as Brussels recovers and responds, I hope its people take comfort in the certain knowledge that the people of the United States stand in solidarity with them. Today’s attacks are a reminder of the com-mon danger the free, democratic, and peace loving nations of the world face from those who reject the norms of civilized society and abuse the liberties and freedoms afforded them by free societies. Those responsible for today’s crime against humanity should make no mistake; they will be held to account in this life and the next. But today our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Brussels, which represents ev-erything terrorists despise: a symbol of the modern world where persons of differing faiths, creeds, races, and cultures live together in peace, harmony, and freedom. That symbol is recognizable to Americans because it also represents the American heart and spirit. The terrorist attacks in Brussels were hor-rific acts on innocent civilians perpetrated by depraved individuals who misuse the peaceful religion of Islam for their own misguided pur-poses. Their horrible and heinous acts are their re-sponsibility, and theirs alone, and for which they can be assured that they alone will be held accountable. But that will come another day; today I ask a moment of silence for the victims killed and injured in the terrorist attacks in Brussels. f 
HONORING PAUL SPITLER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, March 22, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I, along with Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative H
UFFMAN , rise to recognize and honor Paul Spitler for his great contribu-tion to the designation of the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument by President Barack Obama on July 10, 2015. This outstanding accomplishment was made possible by the tireless work of countless ad-vocates like Mr. Spitler. Their commitment to engaging friends, colleagues, local residents, businesses, stakeholders across the country, and policymakers in a coordinated effort to achieve permanent protection was critical to the establishment of the Monument. Now, the Berryessa Snow Mountain Monu-ment may be counted among the hundreds of pristine parks across the country that rep-resent America’s most treasured public re-sources. The region’s unique geological for-mations will play host for the world’s scientists for years to come. Centuries-old archeological sites will draw curious historians and research-ers as they piece together the stories of gen-erations past. And avid bikers, hikers, camp-ers, horsemen, and sportsmen will be able to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MR8.023 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE364 March 22, 2016 
enjoy this landmark that is now forever open and accessible to outdoor enthusiasts from Northern California and beyond. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument serves as proof of the value of the Antiquities Act and the power of the Executive to protect these lands in the face of inaction by Con-gress. After extensive input from interested parties and substantial evidence of this re-gion’s value, the Obama Administration hon-ored the support of stakeholders, and the gravity of conservation. The legacy of public lands is one of the most important we can leave for future gen-erations. The Berryessa Snow Mountain Monument is a critical piece of a preservation system that stretches from the Hawaiian Is-lands to the Maine Coast. It has been a privi-lege working with Mr. Spitler to further our mu-tual goal of preserving our nation’s great open spaces, and we look forward to collaborating in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22MR8.028 E22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D304 Tuesday, March 22, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 11:00 a.m., on Thursday, March 24, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4825–4840; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 657–659 were introduced.
                         Page H1552 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1553–54 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Bost to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H1497 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:46 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H1505 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rabbi John Linder, Temple Solel, Paradise Valley, Arizona.
                                       Page H1505 
Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act—Rule for consider-ation: The House agreed to H. Res. 653, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2745) to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same proce-dural manner as the Attorney General exercises such authority, and providing for proceedings during the period from March 24, 2016, through April 11, 2016, by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 154 noes, Roll No. 132, after the previous question was or-dered by a yea-and-nay vote of 231 yeas to 154 nays, Roll No. 131.
                                  Pages H1509–13, H1532–33 
Moment of silence: The House observed a moment of silence in memory of the victims of the terrorist attacks in Brussels.
                                                   Page H1532 Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act: H.R. 4742, to authorize the National Science Foun-dation to support entrepreneurial programs for women, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 383 yeas to 4 nays, Roll No. 133;
                      Pages H1514–16, H1533–34 
Inspiring the Next Space Pioneers, Innovators, Researchers, and Explorers (INSPIRE) Women Act: H.R. 4755, to inspire women to enter the aero-space field, including science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics, through mentorship and out-reach, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote 380 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 134;
                                        Pages H1516–18, H1534 
Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2016: H.R. 482, amend-ed, to redesignate Ocmulgee National Monument in the State of Georgia and revise its boundary; 
                                                                                    Pages H1518–22 
Facilitating the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park: H.R. 2857, amended, to facilitate the addition of park ad-ministration at the Coltsville National Historical Park;
                                                                         Pages H1522–23 
Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act of 2016: H.R. 4119, amended, to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mississippi, be-tween the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars;
                                                      Pages H1523–24 
Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Chil-dren in Foster Care Act: H.R. 4472, amended, to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to require 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR6.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D305 March 22, 2016 
States to adopt a centralized electronic system to help expedite the placement of children in foster care or guardianship, or for adoption, across State lines, and to provide grants to aid States in developing such a system; and
                                            Pages H1524–28 
Women Airforce Service Pilot Arlington Inurnment Restoration Act: H.R. 4336, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of persons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arlington National Cemetery, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 385 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 135.
                                                       Pages H1528–31, H1534–35 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial in Arlington National Cemetery of the cremated remains of certain persons whose service has been determined to be active service.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H1535 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, March 23.
                         Page H1535 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1532, H1532–33, H1533, H1534, and H1534–35. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:58 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Environmental Protection Agency. Testimony was heard from Gina McCarthy, Administrator, Environmental Protection Agency; and David Bloom, Acting Chief Financial Officer, Environmental Protection Agency. APPROPRIATIONS—DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense held a budget hearing on the Defense Health Pro-gram. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral Raquel C. Bono, Director, Defense Health Agency; Lieutenant General Nadja West, Surgeon General, U.S. Army; Vice Admiral Clinton F. Faison, III, Sur-geon General, U.S. Navy; and Lieutenant General Mark A. Ediger, Surgeon General, U.S. Air Force. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education held a budget hearing on the Department of Education. Testimony was heard from John King, Secretary, De-partment of Education. APPROPRIATIONS—SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held a budget hearing on the Securities and Exchange Commission. Testimony was heard from Mary Jo White, Chair, Securities and Exchange Commission. APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense held a budget hearing on the National Guard and Reserve. Testimony was heard from General Frank J. Grass, Chief, National Guard Bureau; Major General Timothy Kadavy, Director, Army National Guard; Major General Brian Neal, Acting Director, Air Na-tional Guard; and Lieutenant General Jeffrey W. Talley, Chief, Army Reserve. APPROPRIATIONS—DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration. Testimony was heard from Chuck Rosen-berg, Acting Administrator, Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration. THE FISCAL YEAR 2017 NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BUDGET REQUEST FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2017 National De-fense Authorization Budget Request from the De-partment of Defense’’. Testimony was heard from Ashton B. Carter, Secretary of Defense, Department of Defense; General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff; and Mike McCord, Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) and Chief Financial Officer, Department of Defense. LOGISTICS AND SEALIFT FORCE REQUIREMENTS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Logistics and Sealift Force Requirements’’. Tes-timony was heard from Lieutenant General Stephen Lyons, USA, Deputy Commander, Transportation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR6.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD306 March 22, 2016 
Command; Paul N. Jaenichen, Sr., Maritime Admin-istrator, Maritime Administration; and F. Scott DiLisio, Director, Strategic Mobility/Combat Logis-tics Division, Chief of Naval Operations. FISCAL YEAR 2017 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND CYBER PROGRAMS: FOUNDATIONS FOR A SECURE WARFIGHTING NETWORK Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Information Technology and Cyber Programs: Foundations for a Secure Warfighting Network’’. Testimony was heard from Terry Halvorsen, Chief Information Officer, Depart-ment of Defense; and Peter Levine, Deputy Chief Management Officer, Department of Defense. STRENGTHENING EDUCATION RESEARCH AND PRIVACY PROTECTIONS TO BETTER SERVE STUDENTS Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening Edu-cation Research and Privacy Protections to Better Serve Students’’. Testimony was heard from Robert Swiggum, Deputy Superintendent of Technology Services, Georgia Department of Education; and public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Communications Commission’’. Testimony was heard from Mignon Clyburn, Commissioner, Federal Communications Commission; Michael O’Rielly, Commissioner, Fed-eral Communications Commission; Ajit Pai, Com-missioner, Federal Communications Commission; Jessica Rosenworcel, Commissioner, Federal Commu-nications Commission; and Tom Wheeler, Chairman, Federal Communications Commission. FISCAL YEAR 2017 EPA BUDGET Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy and Power; and Subcommittee on Environ-ment and the Economy, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 EPA Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Gina McCarthy, Administrator, Environ-mental Protection Agency. THE ANNUAL TESTIMONY OF THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY ON THE STATE OF THE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL SYSTEM Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Annual Testimony of the Secretary of the Treasury on the State of the Inter-national Financial System’’. Testimony was heard from Jacob J. Lew, Secretary, Department of the Treasury. THE FUTURE OF HOUSING IN AMERICA: GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS AND THE HIGH COST OF HOUSING Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Government Regula-tions and the High Cost of Housing’’. Testimony was heard from Vicki Been, Commissioner, New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development; and public witnesses. WOMEN FIGHTING FOR PEACE: LESSONS FOR TODAY’S CONFLICTS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Women Fighting for Peace: Les-sons for Today’s Conflicts’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. POTENTIAL TERRORIST THREATS: BORDER SECURITY CHALLENGES IN LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘Poten-tial Terrorist Threats: Border Security Challenges in Latin America and the Caribbean’’. Testimony was heard from Juan Gonzalez, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, De-partment of State; Alan D. Bersin, Assistant Sec-retary for International Affairs and Chief Diplomatic Officer, Department of Homeland Security; and Lev Kubiak, Assistant Director for International Oper-ations, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, De-partment of Homeland Security. GET IT RIGHT THIS TIME: A VICTIMS- CENTERED TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS REPORT Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Get It Right This Time: A Victims-Centered Trafficking in Persons Report’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. HEZBOLLAH’S GROWING THREAT AGAINST U.S. NATIONAL SECURITY INTERESTS IN THE MIDDLE EAST Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Hezbollah’s Growing Threat Against U.S. Na-tional Security Interests in the Middle East’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR6.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D307 March 22, 2016 
THE ROLE OF CYBER INSURANCE IN RISK MANAGEMENT Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Role of Cyber Insurance in Risk Management’’. Testimony was heard from Adam W. Hamm, Commissioner, North Dakota Insurance Commissioner; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 4771, the ‘‘Help Efficient, Acces-sible, Low-cost, Timely Healthcare (HEALTH) Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 4676, the ‘‘Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act of 2016’’. H.R. 4676 and H.R. 4771 were considered. Neither were reported out of committee. EXAMINING THE SPENDING PRIORITIES AND MISSIONS OF THE FOREST SERVICE IN THE PRESIDENT’S FISCAL YEAR 2017 BUDGET PROPOSAL Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Spending Priorities and Missions of the Forest Serv-ice in the President’s Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Pro-posal’’. Testimony was heard from Thomas Tidwell, Chief, U.S. Forest Service. THE PRESIDENT’S FISCAL YEAR 2017 FUNDING PRIORITIES AND IMPACTS ON INDIAN COUNTRY AND INSULAR AREAS Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-dian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2017 Fund-ing Priorities and Impacts on Indian Country and Insular Areas’’. Testimony was heard from Lawrence Roberts, Acting Assistant Secretary, Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior; Esther Kia’aina, Assist-ant Secretary, Insular Areas, Department of the Inte-rior; Vincent G. Logan, Special Trustee, Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians, Department of the Interior; and Mary Smith, Principal Deputy Di-rector, Indian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services. EXAMINING THE MISSIONS AND IMPACTS OF THE PRESIDENT’S PROPOSED FISCAL YEAR 2017 BUDGETS OF THE U.S. FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE, THE NATIONAL OCEAN AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION, THE BUREAU OF RECLAMATION AND THE POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Missions and Impacts of the Presi-dent’s Proposed Fiscal Year 2017 Budgets of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the National Ocean and Atmospheric Administration, the Bureau of Rec-lamation and the Power Marketing Administra-tions’’. Testimony was heard from Jim Kurth, Dep-uty Director, Fish and Wildlife Service; Estevan Lo´pez, Commissioner, Bureau of Reclamation; Mark Gabriel, Administrator, Western Area Power Ad-ministration, Colorado; Claudia Andrews, Chief Op-erating Officer, Bonneville Power Administration, Oregon; and Eileen Sobeck, Assistant Administrator, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. AMERICA’S HEROIN AND OPIOID ABUSE EPIDEMIC Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Her-oin and Opioid Abuse Epidemic’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Botticelli, Director, Office of National Drug Control Policy; Lou Milione, Deputy Assistant Administrator for Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of Justice; Kana Enomoto, Acting Administrator, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, Department of Health Services; Leana S. Wen, M.D., Health Commissioner, Baltimore City Health De-partment; and Teresa Jacobs, Mayor of Orange County, Florida. OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES IN ADVANCING HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Health Care, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Opportuni-ties and Challenges in Advancing Health Informa-tion Technology’’. Testimony was heard from Karen DeSalvo, M.D., National Coordinator for Health In-formation Technology, Department of Health and Human Services; Jessica Rich, Director, Bureau of Consumer Protection, Federal Trade Commission; and public witnesses. AN OVERVIEW OF THE BUDGET PROPOSAL FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the Budget Proposal for the Department of Energy for Fiscal Year 2017’’. Testimony was heard from Ernest Moniz, Secretary, Department of Energy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR6.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD308 March 22, 2016 
AN OVERVIEW OF THE BUDGET PROPOSAL FOR THE NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the Budget Proposal for the National Science Foundation for Fiscal Year 2017’’. Testimony was heard from France Co´rdova, Director, National Science Foundation; and Dan E. Arvizu, Chairman, National Science Board. LIP SERVICE BUT LITTLE ELSE: FAILURE OF THE SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH INSURANCE TAX CREDIT Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Growth, Tax and Capital Access held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Lip Service but Little Else: Failure of the Small Business Health Insurance Tax Credit’’. Testimony was heard from James R. McTigue, Jr., Director, Strategic Issues, Government Account-ability Office; and public witnesses. CHOICE CONSOLIDATION: LEVERAGING PROVIDER NETWORKS TO INCREASE VETERAN ACCESS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Choice Consolida-tion: Leveraging Provider Networks to Increase Vet-eran Access’’. Testimony was heard from Baligh Yehia, M.D., Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Community Care, Veterans Health Ad-ministration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. SOCIAL SECURITY AND PUBLIC SERVANTS: ENSURING EQUAL TREATMENT Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-cial Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Social Security and Public Servants: Ensuring Equal Treatment’’. Testimony was heard from Samara Richardson, Act-ing Associate Commissioner, Office of Income Secu-rity Programs, Social Security Administration; Ste-phen C. Goss, Chief Actuary, Office of the Chief Ac-tuary, Social Security Administration; and public witnesses. MEMBER PROPOSALS RELATING TO FUNDAMENTAL REFORM OF THE INCOME TAX SYSTEM Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Tax Policy held a hearing on Member proposals relating to fundamental reform of the income tax system. Testimony was heard from Chairman Nunes and Representatives Burgess and Woodall. NRO/NGA FY 2017 BUDGET Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Sub-committee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture held a hearing on NRO/ NGA FY 2017 budget. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, markup on Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, 9 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Smithsonian Institution, 10 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, budget hearing on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) Program and the Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Request’’, 10:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Administration’s Plan to Close the Guanta-namo Bay Detention Facility: At What Foreign Policy and National Security Cost?’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, mark-up on H.R. 4482, the ‘‘Southwest Border Security Threat Assessment Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4509, the ‘‘State and High-Risk Urban Area Working Group Act’’; H.R. 4549, the ‘‘Treating Small Airports with Fairness Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4698, the ‘‘Securing Aviation from Foreign Entry Points and Guarding Airports Through Enhanced Security Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4780, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Strategy for International Programs Act’’; H.R. 4785, the ‘‘DHS Stop Asset and Vehicle Ex-cess Act’’; and H.R. 4820, the ‘‘Combating Terrorist Re-cruitment Act of 2016’’, 9 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Effect of the President’s FY 2017 Budget and Legislative Proposals for the Office of Surface Mining on Private Sector Job Cre-ation, Domestic Energy Production, State Programs and Deficit Reduction’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on the Interior, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Bureau of Land Management Public Lands Leasing’’, 9 a.m., 2247 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR6.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D309 March 22, 2016 Subcommittee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘National Security: Threats at Our Borders’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining EPA’s Re-gional Haze Program: Regulations Without Visible Bene-fits’’, 9:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4783, the ‘‘Commercializing on Small Business In-novation Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 207, the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Development Centers Improvement Act of 2015’’, 9:30 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22MR6.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD310 March 22, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Thursday, March 24 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Wednesday, March 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 2745—Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Adams, Alma S., N.C., E355 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E363 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E360 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E358 Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E357 Clay, Wm. Lacy, Mo., E357 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E360 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E358 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E355 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E359 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E363 Farr, Sam, Calif., E361 Foster, Bill, Ill., E361 Graves, Sam, Mo., E362 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E357 Heck, Joseph J., Nev., E359 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E363 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E358 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E362 Marino, Tom, Pa., E356 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E355 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E355 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E355 Poe, Ted, Tex., E361 Rothfus, Keith J., Pa., E356 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E356 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E357 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E361 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E358, E359, E359, E360, E360, E361, E362, E362, E363, E363 Walden, Greg, Ore., E356 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E359 Young, Todd C., Ind., E360 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Mar 23, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D22MR6.REC D22MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST