Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H377 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 2016 No. 18 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 1, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable T
OM E
MMER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair would now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, through whom we see what we could be and what we can be-come, thank You for giving us another day. Send Your spirit upon the Members of this people’s House to encourage them in their official tasks. Be with them and with all who labor here to serve this great Nation and its people. Assure them that whatever their re-sponsibilities, You provide the grace to enable them to be faithful in their du-ties and the wisdom to be conscious of their obligations and fulfill them with integrity. Remind us all of the dignity of work, and teach us to use our talents and abilities in ways that are honorable and just and are of benefit to those we serve. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House her approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
STATE OF THE UNION INCONSISTENCIES (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Madam Speaker, the President’s ac-tions are inconsistent with his words of the State of the Union. His praise of job growth is under-mined by ObamaCare, which the OMB has identified will destroy over 2 mil-lion jobs. His concerns for more gun control was a contradiction at the Capitol, which was properly awash with brave officers protecting everyone with guns. His distortion of voter photo identi-fication laws clashes with the require-ment of visitor photo identification to enter the White House. Security to pre-vent voter fraud and security to pre-vent assault on our President are basic for democracy. His professed opposition to ISIS ter-rorists is undermined by his pardoning prisoners from Guantanamo who will rejoin terrorists to kill American fami-lies using guns. His devotion to Syrian refugees was sadly undermined by his failure to en-force a red line, resulting in children fleeing violence drowning at sea. Finally, as I left the Capitol from the speech, I saw immediate inconsistency of a fleet of stretch limousines waiting for the President. As he attacked the oil and gas industry, he departed thanks to fuel developed by the oil and gas industry. The President should change course for limited government and expanded freedom. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and the President, by his actions, should never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3:15 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 4 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.000 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH378 February 1, 2016 
b1514 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) at 3 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
FAIR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNI-TIES FOR PROFESSIONAL EX-PERTS ACT Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2187) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise its reg-ulations regarding the qualifications of natural persons as accredited inves-tors, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2187 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF ACCREDITED INVESTOR. 
Section 2(a)(15) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(15) is amended— (1) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as sub-paragraphs (A) and (F), respectively; (2) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon, and inserting after such subparagraph the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) any natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that person’s spouse, exceeds $1,000,000 (which amount, along with the amounts set forth in subparagraph (C), shall be adjusted for inflation by the Commis-sion every five years to the nearest $10,000 to re-flect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics) where, for purposes of cal-culating net worth under this subparagraph— ‘‘(i) the person’s primary residence shall not be included as an asset; ‘‘(ii) indebtedness that is secured by the per-son’s primary residence, up to the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities, shall not be in-cluded as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of sale of securities exceeds the amount out-standing 60 days before such time, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary resi-dence, the amount of such excess shall be in-cluded as a liability); and ‘‘(iii) indebtedness that is secured by the per-son’s primary residence in excess of the esti-mated fair market value of the primary resi-dence at the time of the sale of securities shall be included as a liability; ‘‘(C) any natural person who had an indi-vidual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with that person’s spouse in excess of $300,000 in each of those years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year; ‘‘(D) any natural person who is currently li-censed or registered as a broker or investment adviser by the Commission, the Financial Indus-try Regulatory Authority, or an equivalent self- regulatory organization (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or the securities division of a State or the equiv-alent State division responsible for licensing or registration of individuals in connection with securities activities; ‘‘(E) any natural person the Commission de-termines, by regulation, to have demonstrable education or job experience to qualify such per-son as having professional knowledge of a sub-ject related to a particular investment, and whose education or job experience is verified by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an equivalent self-regulatory organization (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934); or’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) and the gen-tleman from Delaware (Mr. C
ARNEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous materials on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2187, the Fair Investment Opportuni-ties for Professional Experts Act. I would like to thank Mr. S
CHWEIKERT from Arizona for his dili-gent work on this bill and members on both sides of the aisle who approved this bill in the Financial Services Com-mittee by an overwhelming vote of 54– 2. Mr. Speaker, small and emerging companies play a significant role as drivers of the U.S. economic activity, innovation, and job creation. In fact, the majority of net jobs created in the U.S. are from companies less than 5 years old. Most of these companies are privately held companies, and their ability to raise capital in the private market is critical to the economic well-being of the U.S. and millions of American families. But in order for small companies to raise capital in the private market, under SEC regulations they must sell securities only to what are known as ‘‘accredited investors.’’ And what ex-actly determines whether an investor is accredited? Well, the SEC has for years determined that an individual in-vestor’s financial status should be the sole proxy for determining whether or not they are able to understand the risks and rewards. In other words, the SEC has taken the position that only very wealthy in-dividuals should be allowed to invest in such offerings. That really makes very little sense. Under the SEC’s logic, a random win-ner of the Powerball lottery would be automatically deemed a sophisticated investor. But an individual who holds advanced degrees and works in finance or a related field, but who happens to make slightly below what the SEC’s threshold is, that person would be barred from investing in private offer-ings. You see, despite the paternalistic view taken by Washington regulators, there are plenty—plenty—of hard-working and smart Americans who are plenty capable of understanding invest-ments in private businesses. Congress must, therefore, amend the definition of ‘‘accredited investor’’ in order to expand the pool of potential investors in a private placement mar-ket. H.R. 2187 will do just that by codi-fying the current accredited investor income and net worth thresholds, ad-justed for inflation going forward. Ad-ditionally, it will extend accredited in-vestor status to persons who the SEC determines have a demonstrable edu-cation or job experience to qualify as having professional subject matter knowledge related to that investment. In other words, the expansion of the accredited definition will enhance small companies’ ability to raise cap-ital and to grow by increasing the pool of potential investors, while at the same time increase investment oppor-tunities for more Americans. In fact, allowing more individuals to invest in both public and private companies could ultimately have the effect of de-creasing the risk in these portfolios themselves. Finally, as SEC Commissioner Mike Piwowar pointed out in a speech last year: ‘‘By holding a diversified portfolio of assets, investors reap the benefits of di-versification, that is, the risk of the portfolio as a whole is lower than the risk of any individual asset . . . if the correlations are low enough, the over-all portfolio risk could actually de-crease.’’ Mr. Speaker, what that means is H.R. 2187 has a double benefit of affording American businesses more opportuni-ties to raise capital, while actually providing hardworking Americans a greater opportunity to create wealth for themselves and their families. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting H.R. 2187. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.004 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H379 February 1, 2016 
SCHWEIKERT ) and the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ) for their hard work on this bill. As was pointed out by Chairman G
ARRETT , all the votes in the committee were in support of the bill, except for two. This legislation expands the defini-tion of a ‘‘accredited investor,’’ a sta-tus reserved for investors who possess the sophistication and financial means necessary to invest in private, unregis-tered securities offerings. Many of these thresholds have not been updated, Mr. Speaker, since 1982, and the committee determined it was past time to do so. It is important to note that the SEC Investor Advisory Committee as well issued bipartisan recommendations, which acknowledge that the current in-come and net worth tests ‘‘don’t begin to measure the type or level of finan-cial sophistication needed to evaluate the potential risks and benefits of pri-vate offerings.’’ We can all agree, and a vast majority of the members of the Financial Serv-ices Committee did agree, that an up-dated definition is long overdue. The authors of this legislation and the sponsors, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT and Ms. S
INEMA , have worked to consider the risks of private offerings to ensure that investors in those offerings can under-stand and bear those risks. With those comments, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ), the sponsor of the under-lying legislation, and the gentleman who has put all the time and hard work on this great bipartisan piece of legis-lation. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, and I also thank my friend, Mr. C
ARNEY . This is one of those occasions where we actually get to show up here and have something that is bipartisan that we agree upon. But partially because being my piece of legislation, and something we have been working on for a while, I would like to tell a quick story of where this sort of came from conceptually. About 4 years ago, we were doing a little townhall at that time before re-districting in Tempe, Arizona, and most of the discussion in this townhall was a discussion about the haves and have nots, and why do some people seem to be making wealth and others are not. We sort of tried to actually ad-dress it intellectually with some anal-ysis of what are the barriers out there. You are a middle income, hardworking family, and you have some talents; what is your optionality to be able to grow into that next tier of assets, of wealth? This actually became part of that discussion, that we actually have had this barrier now for decades that say we are going to judge you on your income and your wealth and that in-come and wealth is your threshold that says you get to invest in something over here, not your knowledge. There was a gentleman in the audi-ence who stood up and said: I have got a story for you. I have a Ph.D. in elec-trical engineering. I work at the Intel plant in Chandler. I have some friends that started a business a year or two ago. I am an expert. I have a Ph.D. in electrical engineering and I worked with these guys for years. They started a business, and I am not allowed to in-vest in it because I don’t meet the in-come and assets threshold. That is partially what we have ac-complished here. The neat thing that has gone back and forth in discussion with my Democrat friends and many of my friends on our side working the bill—it is not everything I wanted—but conceptually it is a terrific idea that income, your wealth is not the only prerequisite for your right to invest in something, that it also can be your knowledge and your talent. If we really care about everyone getting a fair chance at that American Dream, we need to do more like this where you get judged by what you know, your exper-tise, and not just the fact that you al-ready have made it. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New Jersey has 141⁄2min-utes remaining. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, and Mr. C
ARNEY , my col-league on the distinguished minority, for this bill. I also want to thank Mr. S
CHWEIKERT for his work on developing H.R. 2187, Fair Investment Opportuni-ties for Professional Experts Act, which makes reg D offerings and pri-vate placements more effective by broadening the definition of an accred-ited investor to account for edu-cational or professional expertise. Because of significant costs and bar-riers to raising capital in the U.S. pub-lic markets, many of our small compa-nies raise start-up funds or expansion funds in the private market, and many of those private market transactions are through accredited investors. The current definition focuses only on financial status of the investor, and as a result, only wealthy individuals typically can participate in reg D offer-ings. H.R. 2187 expands the accredited in-vestor definition, recognizing that the ability to participate is not based on an asset test, but on their sophistica-tion and knowledge. I have been in this business before I was in Congress on and off for three decades, and I know that many of our Nation’s accountants, stock brokers, venture capitalists, and engineers have money management experience or have a series 7 FINRA license, they work in money management, they work in spe-cific kinds of industries, but they are not able to invest in private place-ments due to the fact that they don’t meet this income or asset test. Mr. SCHWEIKERT ’s bill revises these rules so that investment and finance professionals who have this kind of level of professional sophistication are now treated as accredited investors, ir-respective of whether they meet an ar-bitrary test. It is a matter, Mr. Speaker, of basic fairness. The government should not limit investing options to only inves-tors they deem worthy. Expanding the accredited investor definition will not only increase in-vestment opportunities for more Amer-icans, but will help us grow thousands of small and emerging markets that struggle to raise capital. I thank the gentleman from Arizona for all of his work on this common-sense legislation. I enjoyed working with him on it. I am proud to support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do so. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds to again thank Mr. C
ARNEY , and especially the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) for his work on this. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2187, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SEC SMALL BUSINESS ADVOCATE ACT OF 2016 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3784) to amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to establish an Of-fice of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation and a Small Busi-ness Capital Formation Advisory Com-mittee, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3784 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘SEC Small Business Advocate Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF THE AD-VOCATE FOR SMALL BUSINESS CAP-ITAL FORMATION AND SMALL BUSI-NESS CAPITAL FORMATION ADVI-SORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) O FFICE OF THE ADVOCATE FOR SMALL  B
USINESS CAPITAL FORMATION .—Section 4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.006 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH380 February 1, 2016 
U.S.C. 78d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) O
FFICE OF THE ADVOCATE FOR SMALL  B
USINESS CAPITAL FORMATION .— ‘‘(1) O
FFICE ESTABLISHED .—There is estab-lished within the Commission the Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital For-mation (hereafter in this subsection referred to as the ‘Office’). ‘‘(2) A
DVOCATE FOR SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL  
FORMATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of the Office shall be the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation, who shall— ‘‘(i) report directly to the Commission; and ‘‘(ii) be appointed by the Commission, from among individuals having experience in ad-vocating for the interests of small businesses and encouraging small business capital for-mation. ‘‘(B) C
OMPENSATION .—The annual rate of pay for the Advocate for Small Business Cap-ital Formation shall be equal to the highest rate of annual pay for other senior execu-tives who report directly to the Commission. ‘‘(C) N
O CURRENT EMPLOYEE OF THE COMMIS -
SION.—An individual may not be appointed as the Advocate for Small Business Capital For-mation if the individual is currently em-ployed by the Commission. ‘‘(3) S
TAFF OF OFFICE .—The Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation, after consultation with the Commission, may re-tain or employ independent counsel, research staff, and service staff, as the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation deter-mines to be necessary to carry out the func-tions of the Office. ‘‘(4) F
UNCTIONS OF THE ADVOCATE FOR SMALL  
BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION .—The Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation shall— ‘‘(A) assist small businesses and small business investors in resolving significant problems such businesses and investors may have with the Commission or with self-regu-latory organizations; ‘‘(B) identify areas in which small busi-nesses and small business investors would benefit from changes in the regulations of the Commission or the rules of self-regu-latory organizations; ‘‘(C) identify problems that small busi-nesses have with securing access to capital, including any unique challenges to minority- owned and women-owned small businesses; ‘‘(D) analyze the potential impact on small businesses and small business investors of— ‘‘(i) proposed regulations of the Commis-sion that are likely to have a significant eco-nomic impact on small businesses and small business capital formation; and ‘‘(ii) proposed rules that are likely to have a significant economic impact on small busi-nesses and small business capital formation of self-regulatory organizations registered under this title; ‘‘(E) conduct outreach to small businesses and small business investors, including through regional roundtables, in order to so-licit views on relevant capital formation issues; ‘‘(F) to the extent practicable, propose to the Commission changes in the regulations or orders of the Commission and to Congress any legislative, administrative, or personnel changes that may be appropriate to mitigate problems identified under this paragraph and to promote the interests of small businesses and small business investors; ‘‘(G) consult with the Investor Advocate on proposed recommendations made under sub-paragraph (F); and ‘‘(H) advise the Investor Advocate on issues related to small businesses and small business investors. ‘‘(5) A
CCESS TO DOCUMENTS .—The Commis-sion shall ensure that the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation has full access to the documents and information of the Commission and any self-regulatory or-ganization, as necessary to carry out the functions of the Office. ‘‘(6) ANNUAL REPORT ON ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Decem-ber 31 of each year after 2015, the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the ac-tivities of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation during the immediately preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required under subparagraph (A) shall include— ‘‘(i) appropriate statistical information and full and substantive analysis; ‘‘(ii) information on steps that the Advo-cate for Small Business Capital Formation has taken during the reporting period to im-prove small business services and the respon-siveness of the Commission and self-regu-latory organizations to small business and small business investor concerns; ‘‘(iii) a summary of the most serious issues encountered by small businesses and small business investors, including any unique issues encountered by minority-owned and women-owned small businesses and their in-vestors, during the reporting period; ‘‘(iv) an inventory of the items summarized under clause (iii) (including items summa-rized under such clause for any prior report-ing period on which no action has been taken or that have not been resolved to the satis-faction of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation as of the beginning of the reporting period covered by the report) that includes— ‘‘(I) identification of any action taken by the Commission or the self-regulatory orga-nization and the result of such action; ‘‘(II) the length of time that each item has remained on such inventory; and ‘‘(III) for items on which no action has been taken, the reasons for inaction, and an identification of any official who is respon-sible for such action; ‘‘(v) recommendations for such changes to the regulations, guidance and orders of the Commission and such legislative actions as may be appropriate to resolve problems with the Commission and self-regulatory organi-zations encountered by small businesses and small business investors and to encourage small business capital formation; and ‘‘(vi) any other information, as determined appropriate by the Advocate for Small Busi-ness Capital Formation. ‘‘(C) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—No report required by subparagraph (A) may contain confiden-tial information. ‘‘(D) I
NDEPENDENCE .—Each report required under subparagraph (A) shall be provided di-rectly to the committees of Congress listed in such subparagraph without any prior re-view or comment from the Commission, any commissioner, any other officer or employee of the Commission, or the Office of Manage-ment and Budget. ‘‘(7) R
EGULATIONS .—The Commission shall establish procedures requiring a formal re-sponse to all recommendations submitted to the Commission by the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation, not later than 3 months after the date of such submission. ‘‘(8) G
OVERNMENT -BUSINESS FORUM ON  
SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION .—The Advocate for Small Business Capital Forma-tion shall be responsible for planning, orga-nizing, and executing the annual Govern-ment-Business Forum on Small Business Capital Formation described in section 503 of the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 80c–1). ‘‘(9) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed as replac-ing or reducing the responsibilities of the In-vestor Advocate with respect to small busi-ness investors.’’. (b) S
MALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION  A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .—Title I of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 40. SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Commission the Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee (hereafter in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall provide the Commission with advice on the Commission’s rules, regulations, and policies with regard to the Commission’s mission of protecting investors, maintaining fair, or-derly, and efficient markets, and facilitating capital formation, as such rules, regulations, and policies relate to— ‘‘(i) capital raising by emerging, privately held small businesses (‘emerging companies’) and publicly traded companies with less than $250,000,000 in public market capitalization (‘smaller public companies’) through securi-ties offerings, including private and limited offerings and initial and other public offer-ings; ‘‘(ii) trading in the securities of emerging companies and smaller public companies; and ‘‘(iii) public reporting and corporate gov-ernance requirements of emerging companies and smaller public companies. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The Committee shall not provide any advice with respect to any poli-cies, practices, actions, or decisions con-cerning the Commission’s enforcement pro-gram. ‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The members of the Committee shall be— ‘‘(A) the Advocate for Small Business Cap-ital Formation; ‘‘(B) not fewer than 10, and not more than 20, members appointed by the Commission, from among individuals— ‘‘(i) who represent— ‘‘(I) emerging companies engaging in pri-vate and limited securities offerings or con-sidering initial public offerings (‘IPO’) (in-cluding the companies’ officers and direc-tors); ‘‘(II) the professional advisors of such com-panies (including attorneys, accountants, in-vestment bankers, and financial advisors); and ‘‘(III) the investors in such companies (in-cluding angel investors, venture capital funds, and family offices); ‘‘(ii) who are officers or directors of minor-ity-owned small businesses or women-owned small businesses; ‘‘(iii) who represent— ‘‘(I) smaller public companies (including the companies’ officers and directors); ‘‘(II) the professional advisors of such com-panies (including attorneys, auditors, under-writers, and financial advisors); and ‘‘(III) the pre-IPO and post-IPO investors in such companies (both institutional, such as venture capital funds, and individual, such as angel investors); and ‘‘(iv) who represent participants in the marketplace for the securities of emerging companies and smaller public companies, such as securities exchanges, alternative trading systems, analysts, information proc-essors, and transfer agents; and ‘‘(C) 3 non-voting members— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.005 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H381 February 1, 2016 
‘‘(i) 1 of whom shall be appointed by the In-vestor Advocate; ‘‘(ii) 1 of whom shall be appointed by the North American Securities Administrators Association; and ‘‘(iii) 1 of whom shall be appointed by the Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration. ‘‘(2) T
ERM.—Each member of the Com-mittee appointed under subparagraph (B), (C)(ii), or (C)(iii) of paragraph (1) shall serve for a term of 4 years. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERS NOT COMMISSION EMPLOY -
EES.—Members appointed under subpara-graph (B), (C)(ii), or (C)(iii) of paragraph (1) shall not be treated as employees or agents of the Commission solely because of mem-bership on the Committee. ‘‘(c) C
HAIRMAN ; V ICE CHAIRMAN ; S EC-
RETARY ; ASSISTANT SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The members of the Committee shall elect, from among the members of the Committee— ‘‘(A) a chairman; ‘‘(B) a vice chairman; ‘‘(C) a secretary; and ‘‘(D) an assistant secretary. ‘‘(2) T
ERM.—Each member elected under paragraph (1) shall serve for a term of 3 years in the capacity for which the member was elected under paragraph (1). ‘‘(d) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(1) F
REQUENCY OF MEETINGS .—The Com-mittee shall meet— ‘‘(A) not less frequently than four times annually, at the call of the chairman of the Committee; and ‘‘(B) from time to time, at the call of the Commission. ‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—The chairman of the Com-mittee shall give the members of the Com-mittee written notice of each meeting, not later than 2 weeks before the date of the meeting. ‘‘(e) C
OMPENSATION AND TRAVEL EX-
PENSES .—Each member of the Committee who is not a full-time employee of the United States shall— ‘‘(1) be entitled to receive compensation at a rate not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code, for each day during which the member is engaged in the actual performance of the duties of the Committee; and ‘‘(2) while away from the home or regular place of business of the member in the per-formance of services for the Committee, be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as persons employed intermittently in the Gov-ernment service are allowed expenses under section 5703 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(f) S
TAFF .—The Commission shall make available to the Committee such staff as the chairman of the Committee determines are necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(g) R
EVIEW BY COMMISSION .—The Commis-sion shall— ‘‘(1) review the findings and recommenda-tions of the Committee; and ‘‘(2) each time the Committee submits a finding or recommendation to the Commis-sion, promptly issue a public statement— ‘‘(A) assessing the finding or recommenda-tion of the Committee; and ‘‘(B) disclosing the action, if any, the Com-mission intends to take with respect to the finding or recommendation. ‘‘(h) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.— The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply with respect to the Committee and its activities.’’. (c) A
NNUAL GOVERNMENT -BUSINESS FORUM  
ONSMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION .— Section 503(a) of the Small Business Invest-ment Incentive Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 80c–1(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(acting through the Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation and in consultation with the Small Business Capital Formation Advi-sory Committee)’’ after ‘‘Securities and Ex-change Commission’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) and the gen-tleman from Delaware (Mr. C
ARNEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material with regard to this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. b1530 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 3784, the SEC Small Business Advocate Act. I would like to thank the gentleman from Delaware (Mr. C
ARNEY ) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ) of the Financial Services Committee, as well as the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RENSHAW ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) of the Ap-propriations Committee, for working together in a bipartisan manner on this bill. In doing so, it has resulted in the Financial Services Committee’s favor-ably reporting H.R. 3784 out of com-mittee by a unanimous vote. Mr. Speaker, the SEC has a three- part mission: to protect investors, to maintain fair and orderly and efficient markets, and to also facilitate capital formation. Yet, if you think about it, the SEC has really given a short shrift to the capital formation part of its statutory mandate, and it is to the det-riment of entrepreneurs and to the startup ventures. Although small companies are at the proverbial forefront of technological innovation and also of job creation, they often face significant obstacles in obtaining the necessary capital and funding. These obstacles, if you will, are often attributable to the propor-tionally large burden that security reg-ulations place on them. They are often written for large public companies, and they are placed then on small compa-nies which then seek to go public. By failing to fulfill this important part of its mandated mission, the SEC is basically hurting the small compa-nies. It is impeding economic growth, and it is basically hindering job cre-ation, which is so desperately needed in this country. When the SEC has failed to advance its mission in facilitating capital formation, Congress has stepped into this vacuum, most nota-bly through the enactment of the JOBS Act back in 2012. You see, while the JOBS Act has made it easier for these companies to go public, the JOBS Act alone has not been enough. It has not been enough to entirely overcome all of the obstacles that the companies face in trying to go public. So now we have H.R. 3784. It creates the SEC small business capital forma-tion advocate, and he will provide an independent voice for small business capital formation on par with the SEC’s investor advocate. This new ad-vocate will support the interests of small businesses and provide guidance to the SEC on advancing a post-JOBS Act capital formation agenda, some-thing that, unfortunately, if you look at the track record, the SEC has failed to do for years. The small business ad-vocate will support the interests not only of entrepreneurs and of job cre-ators, but they will do so also on behalf of investors. Finally, it is clear that fundamental change is needed within the SEC in order to get this agency to focus on the capital formation mandate. H.R. 3784 will provide a permanent voice for small businesses at the SEC, and it will help them ensure that the SEC does not neglect, anymore, this important mandate in the future. Again, I ask my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 3784 in a bipartisan manner, just as was done in committee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I begin by thanking all of those who have worked with us to introduce and to improve this legislation. I especially want to thank my colleague and friend, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ), who will speak in a minute, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RENSHAW ), and all of our other cosponsors, as well as the SEC, for their work on this bill. Due to their help and the bipartisan work on our committee, this legislation received a unanimous vote out of committee, as the gentleman from New Jersey point-ed out. Mr. Speaker, small businesses are the cornerstones of our communities, and they are a major driver of American economic job growth. In fact, small businesses create over 60 percent of new jobs in the United States, which is the main point here. If we want to help businesses create jobs, we need to help small businesses. From one’s employment to one’s shopping needs, every American relies on small business in some way or an-other. Given the crucial part they play in our economy, ensuring their success just makes common sense. That is what this bill is—just a commonsense, bipartisan bill to help small businesses across our great country. Despite the important role that small businesses have in driving eco-nomic growth and job creation, they can be underrepresented in conversa-tions about regulations affecting them at every level of government, and their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.005 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH382 February 1, 2016 
concerns are not always heard. This doesn’t just harm small businesses. It can also adversely impact investors and the public at large. The SEC has done an admirable job in supporting and in advancing the pri-orities of small businesses. This bill, the SEC Small Business Advocate Act, simply gives the SEC more tools to un-derstand their needs and concerns. The SEC Small Business Advocate Act mir-rors provisions found in the Dodd- Frank bill, which created the current Office of the Investor Advocate. This advocate would open clear ave-nues of communication to SEC leader-ship on issues affecting small-business owners, investors, and stakeholders. It would also help continue the reforms and progress that Congress made in passing the JOBS Act, which the gen-tleman from New Jersey mentioned, in-cluding with issues such as equity crowdfunding and ideas for venture ex-changes and changes to tick size, which the gentleman from Wisconsin and I have worked on over the past year. With the resources provided in H.R. 3784, the SEC will have the ability to pursue meaningful regulatory improve-ments that could significantly improve outcomes for small businesses and help them with their access to capital, which is needed to grow and create jobs. I am very encouraged that the House has chosen to take up this bipartisan piece of legislation today and that we are moving forward to ensure a voice for small business at the SEC. Again, I thank the SEC for its help on this issue and a special thanks to my friend and colleague, Congressman D
UFFY . I urge all of my colleagues, as the members of the Financial Services Committee have, to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ). Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, given that small businesses have accounted for over 60 percent of the net new jobs created since the end of the recession, we should be doing more to simplify regulatory compliance so that small businesses can direct their resources to what they do best: innovating and growing our economy. Small businesses and small business investors were not the cause of the fi-nancial crisis and do not pose a signifi-cant risk to the rest of the economy. Yet, regulators like the SEC, which oversee the financial markets, too often craft regulations by which the costs to small businesses far outweigh the minimal benefits they may have on our economy. We need our regulators to take the concerns of small busi-nesses seriously and to make small business growth a top priority. That is why I was proud to coauthor the SEC Small Business Advocate Act, which will establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation within the SEC. This office will open a clear avenue of communica-tion to the SEC leadership on issues af-fecting small businesses by maintain-ing a designated representative to ad-vocate on their needs. This advocate will be responsible for helping small businesses resolve prob-lems with the SEC, analyzing the po-tential impact of proposed rules and regulations on small businesses, and reaching out to small businesses to un-derstand issues related to capital for-mation. In addition, this bill formal-izes the Advisory Committee on Small and Emerging Companies, which pro-vides members of the small business community with another mechanism to communicate their concerns with the SEC. This legislation will not only improve the regulatory process for small-business owners, but also for the everyday investors and consumers who depend on them. This legislation has widespread sup-port from representatives of the busi-ness community, and it passed unani-mously out of committee. I urge my colleagues to empower small-business owners and entrepreneurs and support this commonsense, bipartisan legisla-tion. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I close by again asking my colleagues to follow the example of the Financial Services Committee and vote unani-mously to support this bill, which will help small businesses to access capital and to get the advice they need from the SEC. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Again, I commend the gentleman for his work on this legislation and for the bipartisan nature of this and of most of the bills, actually, that will be coming to the floor today that were passed out of committee in a bipartisan manner. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3784, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION ENHANCEMENT ACT Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4168) to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an annual review by the Se-curities and Exchange Commission of the annual government-business forum on capital formation that is held pur-suant to such Act. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4168 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Capital Formation Enhancement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ANNUAL REVIEW OF GOVERNMENT-BUSI-NESS FORUM ON CAPITAL FORMA-TION. 
Section 503 of the Small Business Invest-ment Incentive Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 80c–1) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) The Commission shall— ‘‘(1) review the findings and recommenda-tions of the forum; and ‘‘(2) each time the forum submits a finding or recommendation to the Commission, promptly issue a public statement— ‘‘(A) assessing the finding or recommenda-tion of the forum; and ‘‘(B) disclosing the action, if any, the Com-mission intends to take with respect to the finding or recommendation.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) and the gen-tleman from Delaware (Mr. C
ARNEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4168, the Small Business Capital Formation En-hancement Act. I would like to thank the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ) for their bipartisan work on this bill. I go off script here just to say thank you very much to Mr. P
OLIQUIN , who has been a very active member on this committee from the very beginning and has been very active in making sure this legislation has come to the floor today. I thank the gentleman. As I said before, this bill came out of committee, due much in part to the gentleman’s work, with an over-whelming bipartisan vote. I believe it was 55–1; so the gentleman just has that one to work on for his next piece of legislation that comes out of com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, Congress created the SEC Government-Business Forum on Small Business Capital Formation—to do what?—to provide a platform to identify unnecessary impediments to small business capital formation and to find ways to eliminate or to reduce them. Each forum seeks to develop rec-ommendations for government and pri-vate action to improve and provide the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.010 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H383 February 1, 2016 
environment for small business capital formation, thereby providing small businesses the opportunity—to do what?—to grow economically and, most importantly, as we have been talking all day, to create more jobs. Unfortunately, the SEC’s default po-sition over these several years has been to simultaneously and summarily ig-nore many of the recommendations made by the various forum partici-pants, which include small businesses, venture capitalists, trade association representatives, accountants, aca-demics, and other small business aca-demics. Despite the claims of which we hear every year from the Commission about the importance of this forum, it seems that the only time the SEC actually implements one of these capital forma-tion agenda items that comes out of it is when Congress tells it to do so. This was certainly the case with several provisions of the JOBS Act, many of which, as one will recall, were original recommendations from that very same forum. I will give two examples. There was the crowdfunding and the Regula-tion A-Plus provisions of the JOBS Act. They basically mirrored the fo-rum’s recommendations years earlier. The Small Business Capital Forma-tion Enhancement Act, which is before us today, provides an answer. It basi-cally provides a simple solution to making the SEC more responsive. It re-quires the SEC to respond publicly and in writing to each forum recommenda-tion and to simply explain whether it plans to take action on that item or not. It really shouldn’t take an act of Congress for the SEC to fulfill its basic capital formation mission. Quite hon-estly, it shouldn’t take an act of Con-gress for the SEC to simply respond in writing to any of the forum rec-ommendations. Unfortunately, this is the position we find ourselves in today; so we have H.R. 4168, which is the gen-tleman from Maine’s work, which will ensure that the SEC no longer ignores these recommendations and will be able to help fulfill its statutory mis-sion to facilitate capital formation in this country. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1545 Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to add my thanks and congratulations as well to the gen-tleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ) for their bipartisan work on this bill. This legislation, as was point-ed out, passed out of the Financial Services Committee with all but one vote. The SEC’s Government-Business Forum on Capital Formation brings to-gether academics, government offi-cials, legal experts, and business stake-holders to make recommendations to improve and facilitate small-business capital formation. By directly addressing the rec-ommendations of the forum, the SEC will help refine ideas and provide fu-ture forums with opportunities to ad-dress the SEC’s views or concerns, ulti-mately leading to a more constructive and valuable process. This legislation will enhance the role of the forum and assist the SEC to focus on the capital needs of small businesses, which, as we have discussed several times today, are the main driv-ers of job creation in our economy, while simultaneously encouraging par-ticipants to substantively engage in the forum. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this bipartisan piece of legisla-tion and thank the sponsors for their hard work. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I have already given him compliments, as many as I am going to give on the floor. I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) because he has been an outstanding member of the committee and is the sponsor of the bill. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
ARRETT for bringing this very important bill to the floor. I also want to extend my congratulations to Congressman J
UAN VARGAS of Cali-fornia. He has done a terrific job being the lead cosponsor of the Small Busi-ness Capital Formation Enhancement Act. All of us in this Chamber who also are small-business owners understand how important it is to have access to money, to funds, to capital, in order for our businesses to be successful, to grow, and ultimately to hire more peo-ple. This is true in Maine’s Second Dis-trict that I represent and also across the country. It is all about jobs. Unless your busi-ness grows and expands, then you don’t have jobs. So it is very, very important to have that key ingredient to small- business growth, which is access to capital or to money. Now, if you are one of the greatest papermakers in the world—and we have a lot, Mr. Speaker, up in Maine’s Sec-ond District—and you work for a paper company up in Madawaska, Maine, or Madison, Maine, you still depend on your company—it might not be a small company—to make sure you have ac-cess to the stock and bond markets, to be able to borrow the funds they need to expand and be successful, and to make sure we can secure your job. Now, if you are a small-business owner, which really dominates the landscape in Maine and across the country—let’s say you are a boatbuilder in Ellsworth, Maine—you still need access to capital in order to grow. If you are a biotech startup com-pany in Lewiston, Maine, the same holds true. You know, 80 percent of the new jobs created in our country today are not large companies, but they are small companies. That is where the problem lies as far as access to funding is con-cerned. I am not worried as much about the big companies having access to the capital markets, but I do worry about our small businesses. Now, as both Mr. CARNEY and Mr. G
ARRETT have mentioned, during each of the past 35 years, the Securities and Exchange Commission, by law, has been required and has put together an annual government-business forum. During this annual meeting, they get the most experienced professionals they can find—businessowners, SEC at-torneys, private sector attorneys—to review the current laws we have on the books today to make sure they are not impeding our small businesses’ ability to borrow money and have access to capital in other ways. Now, these forums also are a tremen-dous incubator of coming up with new ideas to make sure our laws evolve. Our capital markets, Mr. Speaker, in our economy are very dynamic. Busi-nesses grow and they change, and new products are offered and sold. So there are new needs for capital going forward. We have to make sure that the actual laws that are the un-derpinning of our capital markets, the underpinning of our economy, also evolve. So these annual business-gov-ernment forums are very important venues for this to happen. Now, as has been said here earlier, unfortunately, the SEC has no legal re-quirement to make sure all the terrific recommendations that come out of these annual forums are acted upon or not. In fact, it is very common for the SEC not to comment at all on all of the work done to bring these new ideas to the forefront. So my legislation, I am proud to say, comes up with a very commonsense fix. It simply requires the SEC to make a public statement on what it is going to do to embrace these recommended changes or not. It is very simple. Oth-erwise, these ideas, Mr. Speaker, sit on the shelf. Now, my bill also has the ancillary benefit of making sure that each new forum each year doesn’t repeat what we just did the year before. By having a benchmark every year, by addressing the recommendations that come out of these meetings, then we are able to spring forward and move down the path where we left off the year before. I want to thank the Speaker and the chairman very much for bringing this important bill to the floor. I am de-lighted to work with Mr. V
ARGAS on this. He has done one heck of a job. It is so important for everybody in this Chamber to please stand up for small businesses across the country, to make sure they have access to the money they need to grow, be success-ful, and hire more workers. It is all about jobs. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank and congratulate the sponsor and co-sponsor again. I have no further re-quests for time. I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.013 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH384 February 1, 2016 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ). Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, small businesses are critical to job creation and sustainable eco-nomic growth in America. In my home State of Minnesota, 1.2 million workers—nearly half of our State’s private workforce—is employed by a small business. When one of the more than 500,000 small businesses in Minnesota contacts our office, it is most often about how well-intended, yet short-sighted, regulations are in-hibiting their ability to utilize the fi-nancial products they rely on. In order to ensure the creation and growth of small business, it is impera-tive that we do our job in Washington to make certain they have access to the capital they need. Since 1980, the Securities and Ex-change Commission has been required to conduct a government-business forum each year to present and discuss ways to improve small business capital formation. However, the SEC is under no legal obligation, as we have heard several times today, to respond to any of the findings or recommendations that come out of these forums. That is why the Small Business Cap-ital Formation Enhancement Act is so important. The proposed legislation will require the SEC to respond to the findings and recommendations made at these annual government-business fo-rums. This will ensure that the ideas formulated at these government-busi-ness forums will be carefully consid-ered at the SEC and possibly even im-plemented. I want to thank Representatives B
RUCE POLIQUIN and J UAN VARGAS for their hard work on behalf of consumers and small business. I urge my colleagues to support the Small Business Capital Formation En-hancement Act. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4168. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
TREATMENT OF CERTAIN MUNICIPAL OBLIGATIONS Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2209) to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat cer-tain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid assets, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2209 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN MUNICIPAL OBLIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 18 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1828) is amended— (1) by moving subsection (z) so that it ap-pears after subsection (y); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(aa) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN MUNICIPAL  O
BLIGATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of the final rule titled ‘Liquidity Coverage Ratio: Li-quidity Risk Measurement Standards; Final Rule’ (79 Fed. Reg. 61439; published October 10, 2014) (the ‘Final Rule’) and any other reg-ulation which incorporates a definition of the term ‘high-quality liquid asset’, the ap-propriate Federal banking agencies shall treat a municipal obligation that is both liq-uid and readily marketable (as defined in the Final Rule) and investment grade as of the calculation date as a high-quality liquid asset that is a level 2A liquid asset. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) I
NVESTMENT GRADE .—With respect to an obligation, the term ‘investment grade’ has the meaning given that term under part 1 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(B) M
UNICIPAL OBLIGATION .—The term ‘municipal obligation’ means an obligation of a State or any political subdivision there-of, or any agency or instrumentality of a State or any political subdivision thereof.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO LIQUIDITY COVERAGE  R
ATIO REGULATIONS .—Not later than the end of the 3-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and the Comptroller of the Currency shall amend the final rule titled ‘‘Liquidity Cov-erage Ratio: Liquidity Risk Measurement Standards; Final Rule’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 61439; published October 10, 2014) to implement the amendments made by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) and the gen-tleman from Delaware (Mr. C
ARNEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include any ex-traneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2209. I will begin by thanking the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) for all of his hard work on this legislation and his leader-ship as well, with pulling it through and getting it done right here at the beginning of this legislative year, and being a leader on this bill as well. On the other side of the aisle, I thank the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) for working to-gether with Mr. M
ESSER in a very bi-partisan manner, which, as we have noted, has been on each and every one of the bills that we have presented today in that manner. Their efforts culminated in the com-mittee, favorably reporting this bill by a vote of 56 to 1. So, as I have said to Mr. POLIQUIN before, you have only one Member to go to get unanimous con-sent going forward. Mr. Speaker, given the problems posed by insufficient liquidity during the past financial crisis, Federal regu-lators issued a final rule back in 2014 to implement something called liquidity coverage ratio, or LCR. That was being done consistent with something called the Basel Committee on Banking Su-pervision’s standards. The LCR was established on the premise that banks should have enough cash or assets that would be liquid enough when they needed them—and that would be defined as high-quality liquid assets, or HQLAs—and that we would have to have them on hand for 30 days if their usual sources of short- term funding would simply disappear. It goes without saying, when you think about this, that anytime that the government steps in, or anytime you have a government agency favor-ing this type of asset over this type of asset through some sort of regulation in which they did it, you are going to end up with what? You are going to end up with basically unintended and unde-sirable consequences. That is what has happened here. Not surprisingly, critics of the LCR have complained that the stock of HQLAs is defined way too narrowly, which could adversely impact the asset classes that we are talking about. So investment-grade municipal secu-rities, on the other hand, if you look at them closely—more than we could do right here on the floor right now—they basically share the same liquidity characteristics of other HQLAs. And that is what Mr. M
ESSER basically is trying to address with this great piece of legislation. Other HQLAs, such as corporate bonds and equity securities, have the basic same characteristic here as far as liquidity goes. Yet, the prudential reg-ulators, what do they do? They put them in one pile and excluded them from the final LCR. While the Federal Reserve has ac-knowledged this problem and they ac-knowledge the fault in excluding mu-nicipal securities from this definition of HQLAs, the Federal Reserve’s rule would only apply to the bank holding company’s municipal securities and not the national banks, where more of these municipal securities are held. Paul Kupiec, who is over at the American Enterprise Institute, in tes-timony before our committee back in October of last year on the bill, said it ‘‘is appropriate and consistent with the public interest. There is no reason why high quality liquid bonds issued by the U.S. States and municipalities should receive a lower standing than foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.015 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H385 February 1, 2016 
sovereign debt with equivalent (or even lesser) credit quality and market li-quidity.’’ b1600 Think about that for a minute. We are basically, under the current situa-tion, treating our municipalities and U.S. securities at a lower standard than foreign such securities, and we know how they have prevailed in the last year or so. With that in mind, I ask my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2209, and the hard work of Mr. M
ESSER , as well, in this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. I thank the gentleman for yield-ing and for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support today for H.R. 2209. In sum, this bill levels the playing field for cities and States, saves cities and States hun-dreds of millions of dollars, and does it in a way that maintains the safety and soundness of our banking system. I would first like to thank the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ), my friend, for his leadership on this issue. It has been a pleasure to work with him. When we introduced this bill, we worked hard to have balanced, bipar-tisan support and to have broad sup-port on both sides of the aisle. We in-troduced it with a coalition of five Re-publicans and five Democrats. On the Democratic side, we were joined by Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. From the Republican side, we had Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. S TIV-
ERS, and Mr. H ULTGREN . This was truly a very strong, bipar-tisan bill. I would like to thank all of our colleagues who joined with us. It passed out of the Committee on Finan-cial Services by a strong vote of 56–1, which shows that we had overwhelming bipartisan support. The purpose of this bill is to level the playing field for cities and States by requiring the banking regulators to treat certain municipal bonds as liquid assets, just like corporate bonds, stocks, and other assets. As a former member of the City Council of New York, I know firsthand the importance of municipal bonds. They allow our States and cities to fi-nance infrastructure, build schools, and pave roads. We have multimillions in municipal bonds in New York that is building the Second Avenue subway, revamping our water system, and help-ing in so many ways. Unfortunately, in the banking regu-lators’ liquidity rule, which requires banks to hold a minimum amount of liquid assets, they chose to allow cor-porate bonds to qualify as liquid assets but completely excluded municipal bonds, even municipal bonds that are just as liquid as corporate bonds. Even worse, they treat foreign securities dif-ferently than U.S. securities, munic-ipal bonds. This absolutely makes no sense. It ef-fectively discriminates against munic-ipal bonds. A municipal bond that is just as liquid as the most liquid cor-porate bond would not be counted as a liquid asset under the rule just because it was issued by a city or State rather than a corporate entity. This is not fair. The Fed has already recognized this error. It is already amending its rule to allow certain municipal bonds to count as liquid assets. They should be praised for taking a second look at the data and recognizing that some municipal bonds are, in fact, highly liquid. But the OCC, which regulates national banks, is still refusing to amend its rule and insists on favoring corpora-tions over cities and States. Mr. MESSER and I introduced this bill be-cause this kind of arbitrary discrimina-tion against cities and States cannot be allowed to continue. A recent analysis by the investment bank Piper Jaffray estimated that our bill would lower borrowing costs for cities and States by 15 basis points, which would save cities and States hundreds of millions of dollars per year. That real-world impact is why this bill is so very, very important. Now, it is important to note that this bill does not undermine safety and soundness. It does not require regu-lators to treat bonds that are illiquid as liquid. It simply says that municipal bonds should be afforded the same op-portunity as corporate bonds. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CARNEY. Mr Speaker, I yield such additional time as she may con-sume to the gentlewoman from New York. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this is an impor-tant bill. It will help the economy. It will help our cities and States. It levels the playing field for cities and States. It saves our cities and States, literally, hundreds of millions of dollars, and it maintains the safety and soundness of our banking system. That is why it had such a strong, overwhelming bipartisan vote in committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ), the sponsor of this piece of legislation. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, Mr. C
ARNEY , and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York for their leadership on this bill. What would you think if I told you that the Federal Government bureauc-racy is favoring foreign bonds and cor-porate bonds over identically valued U.S. municipal bonds? It wouldn’t make any sense. Our Federal bureaucracy shouldn’t create rules that favor loans to foreign countries over loans to our own local governments and schools, yet that is exactly what is happening under our broken Federal regulatory scheme. Today’s bill, H.R. 2209, would correct this problem. I am proud to have coau-thored this bipartisan bill with Con-gresswoman MALONEY . I also want to thank my good friends—Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. P
EARCE , the chairman, and oth-ers—who helped us in working on this bill. I ask my colleagues for their sup-port. It is really just common sense. U.S. municipal bonds are among the safest investments in the entire world. Ac-cording to Municipal Market Ana-lytics, over the last 5 years—a period, by the way, during which State and local governments struggled to recover from the recession—high-quality State and local government obligation de-faults were only four one thousandths of 1 percent. Let me repeat that. The municipal bond default rate was four one thousandths of 1 percent during the recession. That is a pretty safe in-vestment. Public entities depend on this financ-ing, too. State and local governments, school corporations, and public utility companies across the U.S. sell munic-ipal bonds to finance the infrastructure and services that we all depend on. It is low-interest municipal bonds that fi-nance new schools, hospitals, bridges, and roads, and pay for the repair of outdated and failing infrastructure. The needs are great. In fact, according to the Society of Civil Engineers, State and local gov-ernments need $3.6 trillion to meet their infrastructure needs over the next 5 years. That is what is so dis-appointing about recent regulatory rules from the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Reserve that will arbitrarily increase the costs for local govern-ments and schools to borrow. Specifically, as others have de-scribed, in 2014, Federal banking regu-lators issued a rule requiring banks to have enough high-quality liquid assets, HQLAs, to cover their cash outflows for 30 days in case of a future financial meltdown. For the most part, liquidity set-asides protect the consumer, and they make sense. The problem is, in the same rule, they said that investment-grade U.S. municipal bonds don’t count as HQLAs, while recognizing German subsovereign municipal debt and many corporate bonds as high-quality liquid assets that do qualify. That doesn’t make any sense at all. By excluding all American municipal securities from HQLA eligibility, fi-nancial institutions are discouraged from holding them. The result is in-creased interest rates and increased borrowing costs for State and local governments and the taxpayers that pay them. This has a real impact on families when schools can no longer accommo-date enrollment and local communities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.017 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH386 February 1, 2016 
when bridges crumble or roads fail be-cause repair and new construction sim-ply isn’t financially feasible. This is particularly troubling because times are tough and budgets are tight across America. Although the Federal Reserve con-tinues to review this issue, so far the Fed’s response has been partial and in-adequate. The OCC and the FDIC have not addressed the issue at all. Mean-while, our local governments remain strapped for cash and cannot wait for a bureaucratic solution. Our commonsense bill, H.R. 2209, fixes this arbitrary decision by Federal regulators. The bill directs the FDIC, the Federal Reserve System, and the OCC to classify investment-grade mu-nicipal securities as level 2A, high- quality liquid assets. Put simply, our bill requires the Fed-eral Government to recognize the obvi-ous: America’s municipal bonds are some of the safest investments in the world, and we shouldn’t have rules that give preferential treatment to cor-porate bonds or other countries’ bonds over our own. I want to thank Congresswoman M
ALONEY for working with me on this commonsense legislation. I urge all my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. For those who work in the bond world, this bill ensures that a 2A asset is treated as a 2A asset and prevents federal regulators from ar-bitrarily under-valuing them. Lastly, let me be clear, this bill doesn’t give special treatment to our local governments bonds. State and local governments remain re-quired to satisfy their debts and live with their bond ratings. This bill is, however, a comprehensive solu-tion that restores fairness and recognizes in-vestment grade municipal bonds for exactly what they are: safe, reliable investments that allow local governments to serve citizens and their families. Once again, I want to thank Congress-woman M
ALONEY for working with me on this common sense legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I would just close by thanking the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY ) for their work on this commonsense piece of legislation that will help towns, municipalities, and States across our country. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I have two additional speakers. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to salute the gentleman from In-diana (Mr. M
ESSER ) and the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY ) for the great work that they have done on this bill. It is very important. Mr. Speaker, I represent Maine’s Sec-ond District, which is the west, cen-tral, northern, and down east parts of our great State. Now, when you drive in the State of Maine over some of our roads this winter, you see frost heaves and potholes and everything else. If you go on some of our bridges by the coast, you see there has been a lot of corrosiveness that has taken place on those bridges because they are so close to the salt water. Now, it is so important to make sure that our State and our local govern-ments have the opportunity to borrow the money they need to perform these very important infrastructure repairs. When I was State Treasurer up in Maine, we used this process to sell high-quality, liquid municipal bonds to investors around the world. That would allow us to receive and secure the fund-ing we need to, in fact, repair our roads and bridges. Maybe a small town needs to improve its sewage treatment facil-ity or build a new landfill or improve its water treatment facility. Well, these high-quality, liquid municipal bonds provide the funds to do just that. It is my opinion that banking regu-lators have made a mistake, Mr. Speaker, because they include in the li-quidity coverage ratio stocks and cor-porate bonds and other government bonds, but they have left out high- quality liquid, tax-free municipal bonds from that list of securities that will qualify for the liquidity coverage ratio. As has been mentioned here earlier before, sir, the municipal bond market in this country is a $3.7 trillion mar-ket. There are thousands of these bonds held in the hands of investors around the world. It is clearly right and appropriate for these bonds to be included in this list of assets such that banks can reach their liquidity cov-erage ratio. In doing that, Mr. Speaker, and in fixing this problem that Mr. MESSER  and Congresswoman M
ALONEY have found, in passing H.R. 2209, State and local governments across the country will continue to be able to have the funds they need to repair their own bridges and roads, not just those in Maine. This will keep interest pay-ments down for our State and local governments, saving taxpayers mil-lions of dollars. One of the goals of government, of course, is to show fairness and compas-sion for those that pay the bills, the taxpayers across America. I am rising in support of this bill, H.R. 2209. I encourage all my col-leagues in the House, Republicans and Democrats, to please do the same. Again, I congratulate the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) for their great work. b1615 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ). Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. M
ESSER and Mrs. M ALONEY for pro-ducing this balanced, bipartisan piece of legislation. The State of New Mexico has a geo-graphical area about the same as five Northeastern States. That area, though, has 55 million people to pay the taxes to build roads, to build infra-structure, and to build schools. In the equivalent geographical area, New Mexico has almost 2 million people to build all of those miles of roads. Now, this is the effect of this legisla-tion: it removes the financing mecha-nism that States like New Mexico use—those Western, lightly populated areas—municipal bonds to fund things like schools and roads and infrastruc-ture. Yet the committee that decided what category these assets would fall into said that they are no good and that they are not going to count in the liquidity requirement for institutions. What that means is $3.7 trillion will evaporate out of that municipal bond market. That is $3.7 trillion that would help us build infrastructure and help us create better living for everybody in the West. Yet this committee, which never visited New Mexico, appears not to have looked at the quality of assets. Mrs. M
ALONEY , adequately, says it is not a question of safety and soundness. Mr. M
ESSER says that the default rate is four one-thousandths of 1 percent. They obviously did not look at the quality of the products. They simply said they are not going to qualify. What that means is that financial in-stitutions will no longer have incentive nor space under liquidity requirements to hold municipal obligations such as bonds. This is detrimental to the way of life in the West. I would like to congratulate again Mrs. M
ALONEY and Mr. M ESSER for bringing H.R. 2209 to us today to help be a partial cure to the problems that people from other countries have levied on us. It seems common sense; it seems useful; it seems good for the taxpayer and good for the country. Let’s pass H.R. 2209. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I want to thank Members on both sides of the aisle. I thank all the sponsors of not only this legislation, but all the legislation that we have had on the floor for the last hour here. I was just thinking as this was wrap-ping up about what we will see when we leave here and look in the news-paper tomorrow and see what sort of media coverage Washington will get as to what we did on our first day back. There is always a hue and cry saying that Washington is broken, there is no bipartisanship, and they are not pass-ing any legislation to create jobs and trying to get the economy going again. You hear about that in the media all the time. As a matter of fact, you actu-ally hear it on the floor, with many Members coming down here saying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.019 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H387 February 1, 2016 
that this House has not passed a single jobs creation bill in so many days, weeks, months, and years, or what have you. Well, let it be known today that we worked here in a bipartisan manner, first in subcommittee, the full com-mittee, and now here in the House. We have four pieces of legislation. I know that some of the legislation may have mind-numbing terminology and you may scratch your head when you are talking about the liquidity coverage ratios, the credited investors, LCRs, and all those sort of things. You might say: Well, what does that have to do with the job creation? What does that have to do with infrastructure cre-ation? What does that have to do with getting a new roof on my local school or a bridge built in my town? What does that have to do with helping my neighbor actually get a job when he has been out of work for a period of time? What does that have to do with somebody in my family who is in a job right now, but no opportunity for ad-vancement and no pay raise for a long period of time? These bills on the floor today have everything to do with all those issues. As we pass these job creation bills in a bipartisan manner, let the word go out that we are doing exactly what the American public asked Congress to do: to work together, get it done, get the infrastructure in this country growing again, get the economy going again, and create jobs again. That is why it is important to say thank you again to both sides of the aisle, and I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote on all four of these bills today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2209. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL MEGAN’S LAW TO PREVENT DEMAND FOR CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 515) to protect children from exploitation, especially sex traf-ficking in tourism, by providing ad-vance notice of intended travel by reg-istered child-sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, requesting for-eign governments to notify the United States when a known child-sex offender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendments is as follows: Senate amendments: Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE AND TABLE OF CON-TENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘International Megan’s Law to Prevent Child Exploitation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notification of Traveling Sex Offenders’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title and table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings. Sec. 3. Definitions. Sec. 4. Angel Watch Center. Sec. 5. Notification by the United States Mar-shals Service. Sec. 6. International travel. Sec. 7. Reciprocal notifications. Sec. 8. Unique passport identifiers for covered sex offenders. Sec. 9. Implementation plan. Sec. 10. Technical assistance. Sec. 11. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 12. Rule of construction. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Megan Nicole Kanka, who was 7 years old, was abducted, sexually assaulted, and murdered in 1994, in the State of New Jersey by a violent predator living across the street from her home. Unbeknownst to Megan Kanka and her family, he had been convicted previously of a sex of-fense against a child. (2) In 1996, Congress adopted Megan’s Law (Public Law 104–145) as a means to encourage States to protect children by identifying the whereabouts of sex offenders and providing the means to monitor their activities. (3) In 2006, Congress passed the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) to protect children and the public at large by establishing a comprehensive na-tional system for the registration and notifica-tion to the public and law enforcement officers of convicted sex offenders. (4) Law enforcement reports indicate that known child-sex offenders are traveling inter-nationally. (5) The commercial sexual exploitation of mi-nors in child sex trafficking and pornography is a global phenomenon. The International Labour Organization has estimated that 1,8000,000 chil-dren worldwide are victims of child sex traf-ficking and pornography each year. (6) Child sex tourism, where an individual travels to a foreign country and engages in sex-ual activity with a child in that country, is a form of child exploitation and, where commer-cial, child sex trafficking. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
ENTER .—The term ‘‘Center’’ means the Angel Watch Center established pursuant to sec-tion 4(a). (2) C
ONVICTED .—The term ‘‘convicted’’ has the meaning given the term in section 111 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16911). (3) C
OVERED SEX OFFENDER .—Except as other-wise provided, the term ‘‘covered sex offender’’ means an individual who is a sex offender by reason of having been convicted of a sex offense against a minor. (4) D
ESTINATION COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘des-tination country’’ means a destination or transit country. (5) I
NTERPOL .—The term ‘‘INTERPOL’’ means the International Criminal Police Organization. (6) J
URISDICTION .—The term ‘‘jurisdiction’’ means— (A) a State; (B) the District of Columbia; (C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; (D) Guam; (E) American Samoa; (F) the Northern Mariana Islands; (G) the United States Virgin Islands; and (H) to the extent provided in, and subject to the requirements of, section 127 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16927), a Federally recognized Indian tribe. (7) MINOR.—The term ‘‘minor’’ means an indi-vidual who has not attained the age of 18 years. (8) N
ATIONAL SEX OFFENDER REGISTRY .—The term ‘‘National Sex Offender Registry’’ means the National Sex Offender Registry established by section 119 of the Adam Walsh Child Protec-tion and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16919). (9) S
EX OFFENDER UNDER SORNA .—The term ‘‘sex offender under SORNA’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘sex offender’’ in section 111 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16911). (10) S
EX OFFENSE AGAINST A MINOR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘sex offense against a minor’’ means a specified offense against a minor, as defined in section 111 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16911). (B) O
THER OFFENSES .—The term ‘‘sex offense against a minor’’ includes a sex offense de-scribed in section 111(5)(A) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16911(5)(A)) that is a specified offense against a minor, as defined in paragraph (7) of such section, or an attempt or conspiracy to commit such an offense. (C) F
OREIGN CONVICTIONS ; OFFENSES INVOLV -
ING CONSENSUAL SEXUAL CONDUCT .—The limita-tions contained in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 111(5) of the Adam Walsh Child Protec-tion and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16911(5)) shall apply with respect to a sex offense against a minor for purposes of this Act to the same ex-tent and in the same manner as such limitations apply with respect to a sex offense for purposes of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006. 
SEC. 4. ANGEL WATCH CENTER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall establish within the Child Exploitation Investigations Unit of U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforce-ment a Center, to be known as the ‘‘Angel Watch Center’’, to carry out the activities speci-fied in subsection (e). (b) I
NCOMING NOTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Center may receive in-coming notifications concerning individuals seeking to enter the United States who have committed offenses of a sexual nature. (2) N
OTIFICATION .—Upon receiving an incom-ing notification under paragraph (1), the Center shall— (A) immediately share all information received relating to the individual with the Department of Justice; and (B) share all relevant information relating to the individual with other Federal, State, and local agencies and entities, as appropriate. (3) C
OLLABORATION .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall collaborate with the Attor-ney General to establish a process for the re-ceipt, dissemination, and categorization of in-formation relating to individuals and specific of-fenses provided herein. (c) L
EADERSHIP .—The Center shall be headed by the Assistant Secretary of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in collaboration with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and in consultation with the Attor-ney General and the Secretary of State. (d) M
EMBERS .—The Center shall consist of the following: (1) The Assistant Secretary of U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement. (2) The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (3) Individuals who are designated as analysts in U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement or U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.021 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH388 February 1, 2016 
(4) Individuals who are designated as program managers in U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement or U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion. (e) A
CTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this section, the Center shall, using all relevant databases, systems and sources of information, not later than 48 hours before scheduled departure, or as soon as practicable before scheduled departure— (A) determine if individuals traveling abroad are listed on the National Sex Offender Reg-istry; (B) review the United States Marshals Serv-ice’s National Sex Offender Targeting Center case management system or other system that provides access to a list of individuals who have provided advanced notice of international travel to identify any individual who meets the criteria described in subparagraph (A) and is not in a system reviewed pursuant to this subparagraph; and (C) provide a list of individuals identified under subparagraph (B) to the United States Marshals Service’s National Sex Offender Tar-geting Center to determine compliance with title I of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safe-ty Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.). (2) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION TO CENTER .— Twenty-four hours before the intended travel, or thereafter, not later than 72 hours after the in-tended travel, the United States Marshals Serv-ice’s National Sex Offender Targeting Center shall provide, to the Angel Watch Center, infor-mation pertaining to any sex offender described in subparagraph (C) of paragraph (1). (3) A
DVANCE NOTICE TO DESTINATION COUN -
TRY.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Center may transmit relevant information to the destination country about a sex offender if— (i) the individual is identified by a review con-ducted under paragraph (1)(B) as having pro-vided advanced notice of international travel; or (ii) after completing the activities described in paragraph (1), the Center receives information pertaining to a sex offender under paragraph (2). (B) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Center may imme-diately transmit relevant information on a sex offender to the destination country if— (i) the Center becomes aware that a sex of-fender is traveling outside of the United States within 24 hours of intended travel, and simulta-neously completes the activities described in paragraph (1); or (ii) the Center has not received a transmission pursuant to paragraph (2), provided it is not more than 24 hours before the intended travel. (C) C
ORRECTIONS .—Upon receiving informa-tion that a notification sent by the Center re-garding an individual was inaccurate, the Cen-ter shall immediately— (i) send a notification of correction to the des-tination country notified; (ii) correct all data collected pursuant to paragraph (6); and (iii) if applicable, notify the Secretary of State for purposes of the passport review and marking processes described in section 240 of Public Law 110–457. (D) F
ORM.—The notification under this para-graph may be transmitted through such means as are determined appropriate by the Center, in-cluding through U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement attaches. (4) M
EMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall enter into a Memorandum of Agreement with the Attorney General to facilitate the ac-tivities of the Angel Watch Center in collabora-tion with the United States Marshals Service’s National Sex Offender Targeting Center, includ-ing the exchange of information, the sharing of personnel, access to information and databases in accordance with paragraph (1)(B), and the establishment of a process to share notifications from the international community in accordance with subsection (b)(1). (5) PASSPORT APPLICATION REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Center shall provide a written determination to the Department of State regarding the status of an individual as a covered sex offender (as defined in section 240 of Public Law 110–457) when appropriate. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Subparagraph (A) shall take effect upon certification by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Attorney General that the process developed and reported to the appropriate congressional committees under section 9 has been successfully implemented. (6) C
OLLECTION OF DATA .—The Center shall collect all relevant data, including— (A) a record of each notification sent under paragraph (3); (B) the response of the destination country to notifications under paragraph (3), where avail-able; (C) any decision not to transmit a notification abroad, to the extent practicable; (D) the number of transmissions made under subparagraphs (A),(B), and (C) of paragraph (3) and the countries to which they are transmitted, respectively; (E) whether the information was transmitted to the destination country before scheduled com-mencement of sex offender travel; and (F) any other information deemed necessary and appropriate by the Secretary of Homeland Security. (7) C
OMPLAINT REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Center shall— (i) establish a mechanism to receive com-plaints from individuals affected by erroneous notifications under this section; (ii) ensure that any complaint is promptly re-viewed; and (iii) in the case of a complaint that involves a notification sent by another Federal Govern-ment entity, notify the individual of the contact information for the appropriate entity and for-ward the complaint to the appropriate entity for prompt review and response pursuant to this section. (B) R
ESPONSE TO COMPLAINTS .—The Center shall, as applicable— (i) provide the individual with notification in writing that the individual was erroneously sub-jected to international notification; (ii) take action to ensure that a notification or information regarding the individual is not erro-neously transmitted to a destination country in the future; and (iii) submit an additional written notification to the individual explaining why a notification or information regarding the individual was er-roneously transmitted to the destination country and describing the actions that the Center has taken or is taking under clause (ii). (C) P
UBLIC AWARENESS .—The Center shall make publicly available information on how an individual may submit a complaint under this section. (D) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit an annual report to the appropriate congressional commit-tees (as defined in section 9) that includes— (i) the number of instances in which a notifi-cation or information was erroneously trans-mitted to the destination country of an indi-vidual under paragraph (3); and (ii) the actions taken to prevent similar errors from occurring in the future. (8) A
NNUAL REVIEW PROCESS .—The Center shall establish, in coordination with the Attor-ney General, the Secretary of State, and INTERPOL, an annual review process to ensure that there is appropriate coordination and col-laboration, including consistent procedures gov-erning the activities authorized under this Act, in carrying out this Act. (9) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED .—The Center shall make available to the United States Marshals Service’s National Sex Offender Targeting Cen-ter information on travel by sex offenders in a timely manner. (f) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘sex offender’’ means— (1) a covered sex offender; or (2) an individual required to register under the sex offender registration program of any ju-risdiction or included in the National Sex Of-fender Registry, on the basis of an offense against a minor. 
SEC. 5. NOTIFICATION BY THE UNITED STATES MARSHALS SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Marshals Service’s National Sex Offender Targeting Cen-ter may— (1) transmit notification of international trav-el of a sex offender to the destination country of the sex offender, including to the visa-issuing agent or agents in the United States of the country; (2) share information relating to traveling sex offenders with other Federal, State, local, and foreign agencies and entities, as appropriate; (3) receive incoming notifications concerning individuals seeking to enter the United States who have committed offenses of a sexual nature and shall share the information received imme-diately with the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; and (4) perform such other functions at the Attor-ney General or the Director of the United States Marshals Service may direct. (b) C
ONSISTENT NOTIFICATION .—In making no-tifications under subsection (a)(1), the United States Marshals Service’s National Sex Offender Targeting Center shall, to the extent feasible and appropriate, ensure that the destination country is consistently notified in advance about sex offenders under SORNA identified through their inclusion in sex offender registries of jurisdictions or the National Sex Offender Registry. (c) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED .—For purposes of carrying out this Act, the United States Mar-shals Service’s National Sex Offender Targeting Center shall— (1) make the case management system or other system that provides access to a list of individ-uals who have provided advanced notice of international travel available to the Angel Watch Center; (2) provide the Angel Watch Center a deter-mination of compliance with title I of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.) for the list of individ-uals transmitted under section 4(e)(1)(C); (3) make available to the Angel Watch Center information on travel by sex offenders in a time-ly manner; and (4) consult with the Department of State re-garding operation of the international notifica-tion program authorized under this Act. (d) C
ORRECTIONS .—Upon receiving informa-tion that a notification sent by the United States Marshals Service’s National Sex Offender Targeting Center regarding an individual was inaccurate, the United States Marshals Service’s National Sex Offender Targeting Center shall immediately— (1) send a notification of correction to the des-tination country notified; (2) correct all data collected in accordance with subsection (f); and (3) if applicable, send a notification of correc-tion to the Angel Watch Center. (e) F
ORM.—The notification under this section may be transmitted through such means as are determined appropriate by the United States Marshals Service’s National Sex Offender Tar-geting Center, including through the INTERPOL notification system and through Federal Bureau of Investigation Legal attaches. (f) C
OLLECTION OF DATA.—The Attorney Gen-eral shall collect all relevant data, including— (1) a record of each notification sent under subsection (a); (2) the response of the destination country to notifications under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), where available; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.013 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H389 February 1, 2016 
(3) any decision not to transmit a notification abroad, to the extent practicable; (4) the number of transmissions made under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) and the countries to which they are transmitted; (5) whether the information was transmitted to the destination country before scheduled com-mencement of sex offender travel; and (6) any other information deemed necessary and appropriate by the Attorney General. (g) C
OMPLAINT REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The United States Marshals Service’s National Sex Offender Targeting Cen-ter shall— (A) establish a mechanism to receive com-plaints from individuals affected by erroneous notifications under this section; (B) ensure that any complaint is promptly re-viewed; and (C) in the case of a complaint that involves a notification sent by another Federal Govern-ment entity, notify the individual of the contact information for the appropriate entity and for-ward the complaint to the appropriate entity for prompt review and response pursuant to this section. (2) R
ESPONSE TO COMPLAINTS .—The United States Marshals Service’s National Sex Offender Targeting Center shall, as applicable— (A) provide the individual with notification in writing that the individual was erroneously sub-jected to international notification; (B) take action to ensure that a notification or information regarding the individual is not erroneously transmitted to a destination country in the future; and (C) submit an additional written notification to the individual explaining why a notification or information regarding the individual was er-roneously transmitted to the destination country and describing the actions that the United States Marshals Service’s National Sex Offender Targeting Center has taken or is taking under subparagraph (B). (3) P
UBLIC AWARENESS .—The United States Marshals Service’s National Sex Offender Tar-geting Center shall make publicly available in-formation on how an individual may submit a complaint under this section. (4) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Attorney General shall submit an annual report to the appropriate congressional committees (as de-fined in section 9) that includes— (A) the number of instances in which a notifi-cation or information was erroneously trans-mitted to the destination country of an indi-vidual under subsection (a); and (B) the actions taken to prevent similar errors from occurring in the future. (h) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘sex offender’’ means— (1) a sex offender under SORNA; or (2) a person required to register under the sex offender registration program of any jurisdic-tion or included in the National Sex Offender Registry. 
SEC. 6. INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT THATSEXOFFENDERS PRO-
VIDE INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL RELATED INFOR -
MATION TOSEXOFFENDER REGISTRIES .—Section 114 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16914) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (7) as para-graph (8); and; (B) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) Information relating to intended travel of the sex offender outside the United States, in-cluding any anticipated dates and places of de-parture, arrival, or return, carrier and flight numbers for air travel, destination country and address or other contact information therein, means and purpose of travel, and any other itinerary or other travel-related information re-quired by the Attorney General.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) TIME AND MANNER .—A sex offender shall provide and update information required under subsection (a), including information relating to intended travel outside the United States re-quired under paragraph (7) of that subsection, in conformity with any time and manner re-quirements prescribed by the Attorney Gen-eral.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO SECTION  2250 
OFTITLE 18, U NITED STATES CODE.—Sec- tion 2250 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) I
NTERNATIONAL TRAVEL REPORTING VIO-
LATIONS .—Whoever— ‘‘(1) is required to register under the Sex Of-fender Registration and Notification Act (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.); ‘‘(2) knowingly fails to provide information re-quired by the Sex Offender Registration and No-tification Act relating to intended travel in for-eign commerce; and ‘‘(3) engages or attempts to engage in the in-tended travel in foreign commerce; shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both.’’; and (3) in subsections (c) and (d), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—In carrying out this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, the Attorney General may use the resources and ca-pacities of any appropriate agencies of the De-partment of Justice, including the Office of Sex Offender Sentencing, Monitoring, Appre-hending, Registering, and Tracking, the United States Marshals Service, INTERPOL Wash-ington-U.S. National Central Bureau, the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation, the Criminal Divi-sion, and the United States Attorneys’ Offices. 
SEC. 7. RECIPROCAL NOTIFICATIONS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Attorney Gen-eral and the Secretary of Homeland Security, should seek reciprocal international agreements or arrangements to further the purposes of this Act and the Sex Offender Registration and Noti-fication Act (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.). Such agreements or arrangements may establish mechanisms and undertakings to receive and transmit notices concerning international travel by sex offenders, through the Angel Watch Cen-ter, the INTERPOL notification system, and such other means as may be appropriate, in-cluding notification by the United States to other countries relating to the travel of sex of-fenders from the United States, reciprocal notifi-cation by other countries to the United States relating to the travel of sex offenders to the United States, and mechanisms to correct and, as applicable, remove from any other records, any inaccurate information transmitted through such notifications. 
SEC. 8. UNIQUE PASSPORT IDENTIFIERS FOR COVERED SEX OFFENDERS. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO PUBLIC LAW110–457.— Title II of Public Law 110–457 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 240. UNIQUE PASSPORT IDENTIFIERS FOR COVERED SEX OFFENDERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Immediately after receiving a written determination from the Angel Watch Center that an individual is a covered sex of-fender, through the process developed for that purpose under section 9 of the International Megan’s Law to Prevent Child Exploitation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notifi-cation of Traveling Sex Offenders, the Secretary of State shall take appropriate action under subsection (b). ‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY TOUSEUNIQUE PASSPORT  I
DENTIFIERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under paragraph (2), the Secretary of State shall not issue a passport to a covered sex offender unless the passport contains a unique identifier, and may revoke a passport previously issued without such an identifier of a covered sex offender. ‘‘(2) AUTHORITY TO REISSUE .—Notwith- standing paragraph (1), the Secretary of State may reissue a passport that does not include a unique identifier if an individual described in subsection (a) reapplies for a passport and the Angel Watch Center provides a written deter-mination, through the process developed for that purpose under section 9 of the Inter-national Megan’s Law to Prevent Child Exploi-tation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Ad-vanced Notification of Traveling Sex Offenders, to the Secretary of State that the individual is no longer required to register as a covered sex offender. ‘‘(c) D
EFINED TERMS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘covered sex offender’ means an individual who— ‘‘(A) is a sex offender, as defined in section 4(f) of the International Megan’s Law to Pre-vent Child Exploitation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notification of Trav-eling Sex Offenders; and ‘‘(B) is currently required to register under the sex offender registration program of any ju-risdiction; ‘‘(2) the term ‘unique identifier’ means any visual designation affixed to a conspicuous loca-tion on the passport indicating that the indi-vidual is a covered sex offender; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘passport’ means a passport book or passport card. ‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the At-torney General, and their agencies, officers, em-ployees, and agents, shall not be liable to any person for any action taken under this section. ‘‘(e) D
ISCLOSURE .—In furtherance of this sec-tion, the Secretary of State may require a pass-port applicant to disclose that they are a reg-istered sex offender. ‘‘(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect upon certification by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Attorney General, that the process devel-oped and reported to the appropriate congres-sional committees under section 9 of the Inter-national Megan’s Law to Prevent Child Exploi-tation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Ad-vanced Notification of Traveling Sex Offenders has been successfully implemented.’’. 
SEC. 9. IMPLEMENTATION PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of State, and the Attorney General shall develop a proc-ess by which to implement section 4(e)(5) and the provisions of section 240 of Public Law 110– 457, as added by section 8 of this Act. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Sec-retary of State, and the Attorney General shall jointly submit a report to, and shall consult with, the appropriate congressional committees on the process developed under subsection (a), which shall include a description of the pro-posed process and a timeline and plan for imple-mentation of that process, and shall identify the resources required to effectively implement that process. (c) ‘‘A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES’’ DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘ap-propriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (4) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (5) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.013 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH390 February 1, 2016 
(6) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (7) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (8) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 10. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security, may provide technical as-sistance to foreign authorities in order to enable such authorities to participate more effectively in the notification program system established under this Act. 
SEC. 11. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $6,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018. 
SEC. 12. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit international information sharing or law en-forcement cooperation relating to any person pursuant to any authority of the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, or any other department or agency. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to protect children and others from sexual abuse and exploitation, including sex traf-ficking and sex tourism, by providing ad-vance notice of intended travel by registered sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destina-tion, requesting foreign governments to no-tify the United States when a known sex of-fender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) and the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, child predators thrive on secrecy, a secrecy that allows them to commit heinous crimes against the weakest and most vulnerable. Today the House has under consider-ation H.R. 515, the International Megan’s Law to Prevent Child Exploi-tation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notification of Traveling Sex Offenders, a law that will significantly thwart child sexual exploitation in the United States and abroad through a comprehensive and efficient system that warns law en-forcement of traveling sex offenders. Mr. Speaker, I first introduced Inter-national Megan’s Law back in 2008. It has passed the House three times—2010, 2014, 2015—and, thankfully, passed the United States Senate in December. International Megan’s Law honors the memory of Megan Kanka, a pre-cious little girl from my hometown of Hamilton who suffered and died at the hands of a sexual predator. Megan was just 7 years old when she was kid-napped, raped, and brutally murdered in 1994. Her assailant lived across the street. Unbeknownst to her family and other residents in the neighborhood, he was a convicted repeat sex offender. Due to the extraordinary work by Megan’s courageous parents, Maureen and Richard Kanka, the New Jersey State Legislature passed and the Gov-ernor signed the original Megan’s Law in 1994 and expanded it in 2001. It re-quires registration and public notifica-tion of convicted sex offenders living in the community. Today all 50 States and all U.S. terri-tories have a Megan’s Law. Because of this law, parents, guardians, univer-sities, school officials, sports coaches, law enforcement, and the public at large are now empowered with the crit-ical information they need to mitigate harm to children. We know from law enforcement and media documentation that Americans on the U.S. sex offender registries are caught sexually abusing children in Asia, Central and South America, Eu-rope, and, frankly, everywhere. A deeply disturbing 2010 report by the GAO found that at least 4,500 U.S. passports were issued to registered sex offenders in fiscal year 2008 alone. Typically, Mr. Speaker, a passport is valid for 10 years, meaning some or many of the tens of thousands of reg-istered sex offenders possessing pass-ports may be on the prowl internation-ally looking to exploit and abuse. Ernie Allen, who served for 30 years as the president and CEO of the Center for Missing and Exploited Children and the International Centre for Missing and Exploited Children, recently said: ‘‘It is clear that there is a substantial category of offenders who do not offend as a lapse of judgment; they do it as a lifestyle. And these are the offenders who are most likely to travel to seek victims in places where the offender is most likely to be anonymous and most likely to avoid identification and ap-prehension.’’ Studies suggest and demonstrate that even when caught, prosecuted, and jailed, for a number of predators, the propensity to recommit these crimes at a later date remains. For example, a 2008 study by Oliver, Wong, and Nicholaichuk showed that untreated sex offenders were reconvicted for sex-ual crimes at a rate of 17.7 percent after 3 years, 24.5 percent after 5 years, and 32 percent after 10 years. Keep in mind, Mr. Speaker, that these are just the rates for those who were caught again and then convicted. Pedophiles and other sexual preda-tors often harm more than one victim. There are different studies that showed large numbers of child victims and large numbers of acts committed against those children. For every vic-tim who reports, there are likely many others who could not, would not, and cannot come forward. Mr. Speaker, some of those exploited children are prostituted by human traf-fickers to pedophiles. The Inter-national Labour Organization has esti-mated that 1.8 million children are vic-tims of commercial sexual exploitation around the world each year. It is imperative that we take the les-sons learned on how to protect our children from known child sex preda-tors within our borders and expand those protections globally to prevent convicted U.S. sex offenders from harming children abroad. It is impera-tive that we teach other countries how to establish their own Megan’s Law and push other countries to warn us in the United States when their sex of-fenders are traveling here. Specifically, H.R. 515 will authorize and empower the Angel Watch Center, operating under the auspices of Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement, to check flight manifests against sex of-fender registries and quickly warn des-tination countries when sex offenders are headed their way. The Angel Watch Center is author-ized to send actual information about child sex offender travel to destination countries in a timely fashion for those countries to assess the potential dam-age and dangers to their kids and to re-spond appropriately, whether it is to deny entry or visa, monitor travel, or limit travel. To prevent offenders from thwarting International Megan’s Law notification procedures by country hopping to an alternative destination not previously disclosed, H.R. 515 includes provisions for the State Department to develop a passport identifier or, as we put it in the bill, ‘‘any visual designation af-fixed to a conspicuous location on the passport indicating that the individual is a covered sex offender.’’ A passport, Mr. Speaker, so identified provides law enforcement and Customs an addi-tional tool to protect children. The passport identifier is only for those who have been found guilty of a sex crime involving a child and have been deemed dangerous enough to be listed on a public sex offender registry. When this information is no longer public knowledge in the United States—in other words, they are off the registry—the passport identifier, in like manner, will no longer be required. It is worth noting that some States already require sex offenders to have their status listed on their driver’s li-censes—Alabama, Florida, Delaware, and Louisiana, to name a few. Iron-ically, it has been reported that some registered sex offenders have used their passports as an ID in order to keep their status secret. b1630 Mr. Speaker, in order to protect po-tential victims, H.R. 515 also aims to establish a durable system of reci-procity among the nations of the world. International Megan’s Law di-rects the Secretary of State to seek agreements with other countries so that the U.S. is notified in advance of incoming sex offenders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.013 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H391 February 1, 2016 
I would like to offer my profound ap-preciation, Mr. Speaker, to Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY for his deep and abiding commitment to combating human trafficking in all of its ugly manifestations, for scheduling the House vote 12 months ago on Inter-national Megan’s Law and another dozen or so anti-human trafficking measures sponsored by Members from both sides of the aisle. That was historic and had never been done like that before. So I thank him for that leadership and for working closely with the Senate in order to help bring this bill to fruition. His policy adviser, Emily Murry, was remarkable, as was and is Kelly Dixon. I would like to thank our distin-guished chairman of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee, E
DROYCE , and Rank-ing Member E
LIOT ENGEL for their strong support for this bill and for the assistance of Jessica Kelch, Doug An-derson, and Janice Kaguyutan. Janice will remember. She traveled with one of my staffers years ago in-vestigating this terrible issue, which is a global scourge. Senator B
OBCORKER , chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee on the Senate side, truly made this bill a pri-ority and carried it over the finish line in the Senate. Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for that. His professional staff, Caleb McCarry and Counsel Sarah Ramig, showed re-markable dedication and persistence through multiple interagency negotia-tions. His chief of staff, Todd Womack, and legislative director, Rob Strayer, skill-fully guided the bill through the proc-ess on the Senate side, and I can’t thank them enough. I also want to thank my good friend B
ENCARDIN —Ben and I serve and have served for decades on the Helsinki Commission—for his support and for his efforts. I am grateful to Senator R
ICHARD  S
HELBY and Senator B ARBARA MIKUL-
SKIfor their assistance and driving bet-ter Angel Watch Center collaboration with the U.S. Marshals Service’s Sex Offender Targeting Center. USMS will be required to vet names sent out by the Angel Watch Center and share previously vetted names with the Center in order to maximize expertise, avoid duplication of efforts, and ensure accuracy of international notifications. I would note that Senator S
HELBY  also championed the passport provi-sions that will ensure sex offenders with crimes against children cannot end-run the system. I would like to thank his professional staffer, Shannon Hines, who was ex-traordinarily smart and creative dur-ing this process. Thanks to professional staffer Jen Deci as well as Senator M
IKULSKI ’s staffer, Jennifer Eskra, for their tire-less work as well. Senator J
OHNCORNYN , majority lead-er, did not rest on his success earlier this year in navigating the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act through the Senate, but persisted until Inter-national Megan’s Law was complete over on the Senate side. Last, but not least, I would like to thank my chief of staff, Mary Noonan, who has been tenacious in guiding this bill past obstacle after obstacle, and Allison Hollabaugh, who worked ener-getically, effectively, and expertly with the agencies and other interested parties to achieve the final bill. I also would like to thank my former top Foreign Affairs Committee staff member, Sheri Rickert, who spent countless hours over several years ne-gotiating with disparate parties trying to achieve passage of the bill. Those ef-forts, Sheri, were not in vain. I would like to thank the National Center for Missing and Exploited Chil-dren for their strong endorsement of the bill, the International Centre for Missing and Exploited Children, ECPAT-USA, and the Family Research Council, for their input, counsel, and strong support. I again first introduced this bill in 2008, alongside Megan Kanka’s parents, Maureen and Richard Kanka. Maureen and Richard, Mr. Speaker, are heroic people. They have fought for decades to spare children and their families from horrific crimes that can and must be prevented. While they still carry deep emotional and psychological scars, Maureen and Richard’s selflessness, love of others, and vision have protected countless children from harm. Enactment of International Megan’s Law will expand meaningful child pro-tection at home and around the world, and I urge my colleagues to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. Let me first thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) for his leadership on human rights and anti- trafficking issues and for his hard work on International Megan’s Law. I also want to thank the Judiciary Committee for its bipartisan input on this bill. This legislation is the product of a lot of hard work and reflects a commitment to advancing practical and effective ways to help those vic-timized by sexual predators. This is hard to believe, but around the world today there are tens of mil-lions of victims of human trafficking, which is what we call modern-day slav-ery. Many of these victims are children exploited in prostitution. In many countries, extreme poverty and gaps in law enforcement create zones of impunity where sex offenders exploit vulnerable children. Sometimes local officials have no idea this is going on. Sometimes they turn a blind eye, and sometimes officials are even complicit in this crime. We have a responsibility to protect all victims and to crack down on this crime that destabilizes communities, fuels corruption, and undermines the rule of law. International Megan’s Law aims to prevent child sex offenders and traf-fickers from exploiting vulnerable chil-dren when they cross an international border. This bill would establish an Angel Watch Center within ICE—Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement—and provide advance notice to foreign gov-ernments when a convicted child sex offender travels to their country. This bill will hopefully prevent some of these horrific crimes from taking place. But, Mr. Speaker, fighting modern slavery requires a much more com-prehensive response. Beyond preven-tion, governments must do all they can to protect victims: robust identifica-tion efforts; policies and procedures that get victims out of harm’s way; comprehensive support services that include physical and mental health care; education opportunities; legal as-sistance; reintegration with family and community; and, of course, aggressive investigations and prosecutions to go after those responsible for such heinous crimes. The reality is, the sad reality, is that no single government or single law will put an end to human trafficking. But every step we take strengthens our ability to prevent these crimes, protect victims, and punish those responsible. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the Senate amendment to H.R. 515. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from North Carolina, (Mr. PITTENGER ), a member of the Financial Services Committee who has been very active in the fight against human traf-ficking. Mr. PITTENGER. Chairman S
MITH, thank you so much for your leadership on behalf of these individuals. Thank you, Chairman R
OYCE , for your strong leadership as well. Mr. Speaker, right now more than 20 million people worldwide are caught up in modern-day slavery. We call it human trafficking. This isn’t just a problem over there. In the city I represent—Charlotte— Maria was trapped when she answered an ad for an aspiring actress. Rosa was snatched from a local gas station while waiting for a ride. My good friend, Antonia Childs, dreamed of owning a bakery before falling victim to human trafficking. Thankfully, Antonia was rescued and now leads a vital Charlotte organiza-tion rescuing women, including Maria and Rosa. As a Nation, we must take responsi-bility for our part in this horrific, multi-billion-dollar illicit industry. As Members of Congress, we must take an active role in ending human trafficking worldwide. That is why, on January 22, 2015, I be-came an original cosponsor in support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.024 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH392 February 1, 2016 
of Chairman S MITH’s H.R. 515, the International Megan’s Law to Prevent Child Exploitation. H.R. 515 ensures foreign countries are notified when an American sex offender who has previously abused children is traveling to that country. It encour-ages foreign countries to provide us with the same vital information when a sex offender is traveling to America. It attacks the sickening practice of child sex tourism by requiring the United States to notify other countries when convicted pedophiles travel abroad. It encourages President Obama to use bilateral agreements and assist-ance to establish reciprocal notifica-tion so that we will know when con-victed child offenders are coming here. International Megan’s Law takes val-uable lessons we have learned about protecting our children here in the United States and expands those pro-tections globally so all communities can join together to take the necessary steps to protect our children. Please join me in taking this impor-tant step to end modern slavery today. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on our side. I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ), the distinguished chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 515, the Inter-national Megan’s Law, focused on pre-venting demand for child sex traf-ficking. I really want to acknowledge the hard work by the Member from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), his perseverance here as the bill’s author, as he has tried on several occasions to get this through the Senate and to the Presi-dent’s desk. With this action today, this bill, when it passes the floor, will go to the President’s desk. I think it is very important that we understand the magnitude of this prob-lem, as he has tried to convey to us here, and how this is going to strength-en the hand of law enforcement. We want law enforcement to consider this a new tool. It will combat the ap-palling industry of child sex tourism, in which adults travel overseas to ex-ploit children in other countries. My chief of staff, Amy Porter, has gone on several humanitarian missions to work with very young children in Cambodia and elsewhere in South Asia as well. As she shows you the photo-graphs of these little girls exploited and traumatized by this predatory ac-tivity, it is hard to fathom that men from around the world, including America, including our country, en-gage in this predatory activity. While the countries they travel to lack the resources needed to deal with this rising number of child predators, this legislation is going to help us off-set that. One of the most discouraging things that my chief of staff, Amy, found was that, in Cambodia, it was the local po-lice chief who himself was involved in the practice. Now, upon her return to again check on this, she found that they had put an end to that. He was no longer in this trade, in this type of business. It had been cleaned up some with pressure from the United States, but it is still ongoing. So this will help us fight back. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COL-
LINS of New York). The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I yield the gentleman 1 minute. Mr. ROYCE. At present, multiple U.S. Government agencies are working to combat human trafficking and child sex tourism, but there has been a trou-bling lack of coordination and informa-tion sharing and notifications to for-eign countries that a potential sexual criminal is heading their way, and those notifications are very incon-sistent. This bill clarifies the responsibility, puts it on the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security. It better coordinates those efforts. And, importantly, by proactively help-ing other countries to identify those incoming child predators, we will en-courage them to alert us when for-eigners convicted of sex offenses against children attempt to enter into the United States. b1645 So I commend Chairman S
MITH for his work on this bipartisan legislation, and I encourage all Members to support its passage. It will be on the Presi-dent’s desk here after our action this evening. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ). Mrs. WAGNER. I thank the gentle-men for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 515, the International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking. I would like to thank, like so many have, Congressman C
HRIS SMITH for in-troducing this important legislation to protect innocent children from the evils of sexual predators in the United States and worldwide. As a mother who raised three beau-tiful children, I can tell you that the constant concern for their safety and protection never goes away. When they were young, I worried if they were safe at the playground down the street, if they were safe at the shopping mall or movie theater. Named after a young girl who was kidnapped, raped, and murdered at just 7 years old by her neighbor, Megan’s Law and public knowledge of predators in our communities have been critical tools in protecting our children and easing some of the many fears that parents feel every single day. I cannot fathom the anger and an-guish felt by Megan’s parents and all parents whose children fall prey to such sick predators. I would do any-thing to protect my children and all children from sexual predators, and I feel blessed that I and my colleagues are in a position where we can make a difference. We will be able to better identify and scrutinize sex offenders’ activity, en-suring that they do not engage in the ghastly practice of sex tourism either in our own neighborhood or any neigh-borhood around the world. The U.S. must take a leading role as a global defender of children from sex-ual abuse. Often planning their trips around locations where the most vul-nerable children can be found, sex of-fenders should not be allowed to use the anonymity provided by foreign travel to help hide their hideous crimes. A 2010 Government Accountability Office report showed that in a single year, at least 4,500 registered sex of-fenders received U.S. passports to trav-el internationally. This is absolutely unacceptable, Mr. Speaker. During my time as a United States ambassador, I was exposed firsthand to the horrors of sexual abuse and human trafficking on the international level. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentle-woman from Missouri an additional 1 minute. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, as elected Members of Congress, we must stand up for the powerless, and we must provide a voice for the voiceless. Today we are doing just that. Passing the International Megan’s Law, which will provide advance notice of foreign travel by registered sex of-fenders, is critical. We owe it to the in-nocent angels like Megan to take these crimes out of the shadows and do ev-erything we can to prevent future crime both in the United States and across the globe. Today I will vote to pass the Inter-national Megan’s Law, and I encourage my colleagues to join me in providing protection for potential victims world-wide and greater peace of mind for those who love them. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say this is a bipartisan bill. It will save chil-dren’s lives. It will prevent other crimes to victims like Megan Kanka from happening not just in the United States but around the world. I think my good friend, A
NNWAGNER , said a moment ago that Megan is an angel. Her parents are guardian angels. They have taken a pain, an agony, and a trauma that is incomprehensible and have worked tirelessly to get Megan’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.025 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H393 February 1, 2016 
Law enacted throughout the United States and in some other countries. This will take it to the next level and will establish that true reciprocal reci-procity regimen, whereby we notice, they notice, everybody knows what is going on to take the secrecy out of this travel when a convicted pedophile hops on a plane with the idea of exploiting children. This will have a very measurable im-pact and will protect children from this kind of agony. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, to conclude, I sec-ond the comments that were made by Mr. S
MITH. I congratulate the family of Megan Kanka. Being a father myself of a 2-year-old daughter, I can’t imagine losing a little girl, especially in the heinous way that they did. I remember very much when all of that happened. Hamilton, New Jersey, is only about 40 minutes up the road from where I live in Philadelphia, and I remember the ugly incident very well. The fact that here we are, so many years later, and the family still continues to fight for other little girls and little boys is really remarkable and is a testament to them. I also congratulate the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), who I know has worked tirelessly on this bill for a long period of time. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 515, International Megan’s Law. While I support the underlying goal of ensuring that American law enforce-ment agencies share information on potential child sex offenders with foreign law enforce-ment agencies, I am opposed to how one par-ticular provision, added in the Senate amend-ment before us today, would work in practice. Other existing provisions of the bill already contain the following information-sharing re-quirements with and among law enforcement agencies here in the United States and abroad: U.S. sex offenders are required to provide international travel-related information to the sex offender registries; the Department of Homeland Security is re-quired to create the Angel Watch Center to re-ceive information on individuals seeking to enter the U.S. who have committed offenses of a sexual nature as well as registered sex offenders seeking to travel outside the U.S. in order to share all relevant information to fed-eral, state, and local law enforcement officials; the U.S. Marshal’s Service is required to no-tify law enforcement agencies of sex offenders seeking to leave the United States who have not transmitted their travel information to sex offender registries; the U.S. Marshal’s Service is required to no-tify the international destination country of a sex offender’s upcoming travel; and the Secretary of State should seek recip-rocal international agreements or arrange-ments to further these goals. If our goal is to ensure that customs and border as well as law enforcement officials are notified so that they may track and investigate those sex offenders who may be engaging in sex tourism or pose a threat of absconding, these provisions have addressed those con-cerns. As a result, I am skeptical of what more we stand to gain by the Senate amendment’s pro-vision authorizing the Secretary of State to use a ‘‘unique passport identifier for covered sex offenders’’ that is defined as ‘‘any visual designation affixed to a conspicuous location on the passport indicating the individual is a covered sex offender.’’ At best, if this vague language is meant to describe some sort of code or symbol embedded in the passport that is only discernible by law enforcement at the border indicating that the traveler is a sex of-fender, it is redundant given the other informa-tion-sharing mandated by the bill’s other provi-sions. However, if this is interpreted to mean something akin to the words ‘‘sex offender’’ stamped on the identification page of the passport, this raises serious problems and will lead to unintended consequences. First, it is simply bad policy to single out one category of offenses for this type of treatment. We do not subject those who murder, who de-fraud the government or our fellow citizens of millions and billions, or who commit acts of terrorism to these restrictions. Second, by treating all sexual offenders as one monolithic group ignores reality. While some pose a continued and real risk of re-offending and may be traveling to engage in sex tourism or other illicit acts, not all pose the same risk. Indeed, the failure of this provision to allow for the individualized consideration of the facts and circumstances surrounding the traveler’s criminal history, including how much time has elapsed since his last offense, under-scores how this provision is overbroad. Details such as whether the traveler is a serial child rapist versus someone with a decades-old conviction from when he was 19-years-old and his girlfriend was 14, just missing the Romeo and Juliet exception by one year, are signifi-cant and would allow law enforcement to more appropriately prioritize their finite resources. Third, a traveler does not have any recourse with the foreign destination country if he or she is refused entry solely on the basis of this ‘‘unique passport identifier.’’ While the bill has some due process provisions, those apply only domestically. There is no recourse if a traveler is erroneously denied entry from the destination country. Fourth, if the ‘‘unique passport identifier’’ is implemented in a way that makes it obvious to not only law enforcement officials but any member of the general public viewing the passport, this could lead to unintended con-sequences of persecution and harm to the traveler. This is especially troubling given that no factual context about the offense is pro-vided. If our goal is to ensure that domestic and foreign law enforcement and customs officials are notified of potential threats, multiple exist-ing provisions of the bill already achieve that goal without raising these problematic imple-mentation and fairness concerns. In summary, while I support the underlying goal of ensuring that American law enforce-ment agencies share information on potential child sex offenders with foreign law enforce-ment agencies, I have grave concerns about how the redundant and problematic provision regarding the ‘‘unique passport identifier’’, added as a Senate amendment, would work in practice. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to oppose the underlying bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of H.R. 515 because it seeks to protect our children from predators by identi-fying the whereabouts of sex offenders and providing means to monitor their activities. This legislation is important because sex trafficking of children is a displaceable act that we detest and has been an on-going concern for the United States. In addition to protecting our children from national threats, we must also consider the potential threat from international actors, espe-cially during times of increased tourism, like for example the Super Bowl, FIFA World Cup, World Olympics and other major events around the world where tourism is high. This legislation by my friend Representative SMITH aims to protect our children from exploi-tation, specifically sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered child-sex offenders outside of the United States to the government of the des-tination country. This legislation is important because it re-quests that foreign governments notify the United States when a known child-sex of-fender is seeking to enter the United States. International child exploitation is increasingly becoming a top priority for all nations and cer-tainly is for our country. For instance, two years ago, during the FIFA World Cup in Brazil, reports of child ex-ploitation received global attention. According to the Department of State, Brazil is a destination country for children subjected to sex trafficking. For the case of Brazil, child sex tourists typi-cally arrive from Europe and North America. According to reports, the Rio de Janeiro civil police identified eight hotels and restaurants involved in a child sexual exploitation network in two city areas. Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, as you know, is where the World Olympics will be hosted this summer. According to the Huffington Post, major sporting event usually lead to a spike in the demand for sexual predatory activities. Unfortunately, these accounts of sexual predatory activity include child sex trafficking. Here at home, during the 2014 Super Bowl week, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, along with 50 law enforcement agencies, re-covered 16 teenagers during an enforcement action on child sex trafficking. Additionally, more than 45 pimps were ar-rested, some of whom claimed to travel to the Super Bowl location specifically for the pur-pose of prostituting women and children at the sporting event. According to Judy Kluger, Director of Sanc-tuary for Families, and former judge for New York City Criminal Court of New York County, New York, ‘‘the Super Bowl could never not be breeding grounds for sexual exploitation.’’ If a location experiences an exponential in-crease in large numbers of men travelling for entertainment, it will proportionally see an in-crease in those who purchase sex. As you all know, I am committed to ensuring the protection of children, always championing the protection of children. As co-chair of the Children’s Caucus, I com-mend the work of all my colleagues here in Congress, dedicated to protecting children here in the U.S. and across the globe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.027 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH394 February 1, 2016 
This is why I support this legislation and I commend Representative S
MITH for cham-pioning legislative measures dedicated to the safety and protection of our children world-wide. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amend-ments to the bill, H.R. 515. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendments were concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TRAFFICKING PREVENTION IN FOREIGN AFFAIRS CONTRACTING ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 400) to require the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to submit reports on defi-nitions of placement and recruitment fees for purposes of enabling compli-ance with the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 400 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This bill may be referred to as the ‘‘Traf-ficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Con-tracting Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Department of State and the United States Agency for International De-velopment (USAID) rely on contractors to provide various services in foreign countries such as construction, security, and facilities maintenance. (2) In certain cases, such as where the em-ployment of local labor is impractical or poses security risks, Department of State and USAID contractors sometimes employ foreign workers who are citizens neither of the United States nor of the host country and are recruited from developing countries where low wages and recruitment methods often make them vulnerable to a variety of trafficking-related abuses. (3) A January 2011 report of the Office of the Inspector General for the Department of State, while it found no evidence of direct coercion by contractors, found that a signifi-cant majority of their foreign workers in certain Middle East countries reported pay-ing substantial fees to recruiters that, ac-cording to the Inspector General, ‘‘effec-tively resulted in debt bondage at their des-tinations’’. Approximately one-half of the workers were charged recruitment fees equaling more than six months’ salary. More than a quarter of the workers reported fees greater than one year’s salary and, in some of those cases, fees that could not be paid off in two years, the standard length of a con-tract. (4) A November 2014 report of the United States Government Accountability Office (GAO–15–102) found that the Department of State, USAID, and the Defense Department need to strengthen their oversight of con-tractors’ use of foreign workers in high-risk environments in order to better protect against trafficking in persons. (5) The GAO report recommended that those agencies should develop more precise definitions of recruitment fees, and that they should better ensure that contracting officials include prevention of trafficking in persons in contract monitoring plans and processes, especially in areas where the risk of trafficking in persons is high. (6) Of the three agencies addressed in the GAO report, only the Department of Defense expressly concurred with GAO’s definitional recommendation and committed to defining recruitment fees and to incorporating that definition in its acquisition regulations as necessary. (7) In formal comments to GAO, the De-partment of State stated that it forbids the charging of any recruitment fees by contrac-tors, and both the Department of State and USAID noted a proposed Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) rule that prohibits charg-ing any recruitment fees to employees. (8) However, according to GAO, neither the Department of State nor USAID specifically defines what constitutes a prohibited re-cruitment fee: ‘‘Contracting officers and agency officials with monitoring responsibil-ities currently rely on policy and guidance regarding recruitment fees that are ambig-uous. Without an explicit definition of the components of recruitment fees, prohibited fees may be renamed and passed on to for-eign workers, increasing the risk of debt bondage and other conditions that con-tribute to trafficking.’’. (9) GAO found that, although Department of State and USAID guidance requires their respective contracting officials to monitor compliance with trafficking in persons re-quirements, they did not consistently have specific processes in place to do so in all of the contracts that GAO sampled. SEC. 3. REPORTS ON DEFINITION OF PLACEMENT AND RECRUITMENT FEES AND EN-HANCEMENT OF CONTRACT MONI-TORING TO PREVENT TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF STATE REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that includes the mat-ters described in subsection (c) with respect to the Department of State. (b) USAID R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that in-cludes the matters described in subsection (c) with respect to USAID. (c) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The mat- ters described in this subsection are the fol-lowing: (1) A proposed definition of placement and recruitment fees for purposes of complying with section 106(g)(iv)(IV) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)(iv)(IV)), including a description of what fee components and amounts are pro-hibited or are permissible for contractors or their agents to charge workers under such section. (2) An explanation of how the definition de-scribed in paragraph (1) will be incorporated into grants, contracts, cooperative agree-ments, and contracting practices, so as to apply to the actions of grantees, sub-grantees, contractors, subcontractors, labor recruiters, brokers, or other agents, as speci-fied in section 106(g) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)). (3) A description of actions taken during the 180-day period preceding the date of sub-mission of the report and planned to be taken during the one-year period following the date of submission of the report to better ensure that officials responsible for grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements and contracting practices include the prevention of trafficking in persons in plans and proc-esses to monitor such grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements and contracting practices. (d) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITION. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘trafficking in per-sons’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my coauthor on this bill is the ranking member, E
LIOT E
NGEL of New York, and I wanted to thank him as well and our 27 bipartisan cosponsors for their support. This is the Trafficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Contracting Act. As many of our colleagues are aware, we just observed Human Trafficking Awareness Month, shining a spotlight on what is now tens of millions of vic-tims every year of what is modern-day slavery. One of the goals here was in-creasing the awareness of these crimes against human dignity. The scourge of human trafficking now is a worldwide challenge. Although the vulnerability may be greatest in the developing world, these crimes also occur here in our own communities. I am very proud of the work being done in southern California by mem-bers of our Human Trafficking Con-gressional Advisory Committee where advocates, law enforcement, service providers, faith-based groups, and traf-ficking survivors themselves meet reg-ularly to converse, coordinate, and plan how to combat human trafficking. Out of that working group come a lot of good ideas. I want to acknowledge Sara Catalan who helps me in leading that task force. This bill is intended to close a gap that exists in protection. The United States cannot be too careful in ensur-ing that our overseas employment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.010 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H395 February 1, 2016 
practices do not inadvertently support debt bondage, because that debt bond-age is one of the tools of human traf-fickers. At some overseas posts, the State De-partment and USAID rely on contrac-tors to provide construction, security, maintenance, and other services, and these contractors sometimes employ foreign workers recruited from far away, far-away developing countries where they are vulnerable to abuses. In particular, the middlemen those con-tractors rely on often charge recruit-ment fees to prospective employees—in other words, payments for the right to work. Current law prohibits U.S. contrac-tors from charging foreign workers un-reasonable recruitment fees, and the State Department claims to prohibit any recruitment fees at all. However, neither State nor USAID have defined what constitutes a ‘‘recruitment fee,’’ and this ambiguity allows for a loop-hole that has been exploited. Recruit-ers simply rename these fees and con-tinue charging them. This is a serious problem. We had a report by the State Department Inspec-tor General in 2011. He found that a majority of the Department’s foreign contract workers in certain Middle East countries were paying substantial fees to recruiters—and this is what caught our attention—sometimes more than a year’s salary resulting in, in the words of our Inspector General—in his words—‘‘effective debt bondage.’’ A worker from the Philippines per-forming janitorial services for our Em-bassy in Saudi Arabia should not be at risk of shakedowns from unscrupulous or violent operators. To ensure that our overseas con-tracting does not feed such problems, this bill requires State and USAID to define what prohibited ‘‘recruitment fees’’ are and to report to Congress on their plans to improve contract moni-toring, to protect against human traf-ficking. A prohibition is only forceful if people understand what is prohib-ited. Clarifying these matters will give our contractors the guidance they need to ensure that our laws and policies are followed by those they use to recruit foreign workers. I again want to thank Mr. E
NGEL and all of our cosponsors for their support of this strongly bipartisan bill which deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man R
OYCE and also Ranking Member E
NGEL for their leadership and for their hard work on this bill. It seems that every day we see an-other report about the way modern slavery touches our lives. Fish caught by an enslaved sailor in Southeast Asia ends up in our grocery stores. Rare metals that are needed to power our smartphones are mined through forced labor in Central Africa. Oranges and tomatoes grown right here in the United States are picked by migrants who end up trapped and isolated. Human trafficking is a crime that af-fects every nation on Earth. It under-mines stability, fuels criminal net-works, and robs tens of millions of peo-ple of their basic freedom. It touches all of our lives. United States Government has long been a leader in the fight against traf-ficking. Republican and Democratic administrations alike have focused hard on the best way to prevent mod-ern slavery, protect its victims, and prosecute those responsible. The State Department’s Annual Trafficking in Persons Report is the global gold standard for assessing how well govern-ments are doing to combat this prob-lem. As we learn more and more about this crime, how it has worked its way into the global supply chain and labor market, we find new ways of disrupting trafficking networks. Part of American leadership on this issue must be to make sure, first and foremost, that we are not making this problem worse. Our foreign affairs agencies employ thousands of foreign contract workers overseas. These men and women work in construction, food service, and secu-rity projects abroad. In 2011, inspectors interviewing some of these workers found that 77 percent of them had paid recruiting fees to the company arranging the work. What that means is before workers are able to get these jobs, they need to pay a re-cruiter a hefty sum. Sometimes these fees are 6 months’ or even a year’s wages. These fees can include the high costs of housing or transportation to a worksite in a foreign country. So often, a worker arrives at a new job saddled with debt and is forced to work until he or she can pay the so-called re-cruiter back. This sort of treatment is unaccept-able under any circumstances. The fact that this is happening to individuals working for the United States Govern-ment is absolutely intolerable. f 
b1700 We cannot be the world’s leader in the fight against modern slavery if tax-payer dollars are flowing into the hands of traffickers. The Obama administration saw this problem and took steps to deal with it. An executive order forbids any U.S. Government contractors from charging unreasonable recruitment fees. But so far the State Department and USAID have been unable to enforce this re-quirement. The reason why—neither agency has defined recruitment fees, so their guidelines for fair treatment of workers by contractors are unenforce-able. Mr. Speaker, this is simply not ac-ceptable. This bill requires that the State Department and USAID adopt a legally binding definition of recruit-ment fees. In addition, the agencies must improve how they monitor con-tractors to detect and prevent human trafficking. This legislation represents a com-monsense step to resolve this problem and to make sure we have a clean House as we lead global antitrafficking efforts. Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support this important piece of legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organiza-tions, and he is the author of the origi-nal Trafficking Victims Protection Act. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend and colleague, the distinguished chairman, E
DROYCE , for his persist-ence and creativity in finding new ways to hold the administration ac-countable for preventing human traf-ficking, especially in government con-tracting, as is required by the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Reauthor-ization Act of 2005 and the National De-fense Authorization Act of 2013. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that U.S. Government procurement should be the quintessential example of how to buy goods and services from rep-utable vendors. The TVPA ensures that contracts are lost if there is complicity in trafficking and that responsible par-ties are prosecuted if they, in like man-ner, are complicit in human traf-ficking. H.R. 400 targets a key piece of the law for practical implementation and brings our government one step closer to ensuring that U.S. tax dollars are not going to companies that look askance at human trafficking by their contractors and subcontractors. Again, this is a very important bill. I want to thank the distinguished chair-man for his leadership on this. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I would simply congratu-late the gentleman who does a wonder-ful job chairing our Foreign Affairs Committee. As I said on a radio show in Philadelphia last week, I really wish those who say that there is no biparti-sanship in Washington, D.C., could see the way the ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL , and our chairman, Mr. R OYCE , conduct our foreign affairs business. I think they would have a different view. I am proud to support this piece of legislation, and I urge all my col-leagues to do so. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I want to thank Mr. B
RENDAN BOYLE  of Pennsylvania for his work on this. On the heels of Human Trafficking Awareness Month, I think it is impor-tant that we as an institution take this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.029 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH396 February 1, 2016 
opportunity to ensure that our own overseas contracting does not indi-rectly support debt bondage, and that is what this legislation ensures. Our practices need to reflect our Nation’s fundamental commitments to freedom and human dignity, and, most impor-tantly as well, we need to set an exam-ple for the rest of the world. I think by passing this legislation we will do so. I again want to thank my coauthor, Mr. E
NGEL , and all of our bipartisan co-sponsors for their support of this bill. It really deserves our unanimous sup-port. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 400, the Trafficking Prevention In Foreign Affairs Contracting Act. I support this legislation because it enforces the implementation of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. H.R. 400 requires the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) to submit reports on definitions of placement and recruitment fees for purposes of enabling compliance with the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000. Indeed, the office of the Inspector General reported that a significant majority of the De-partment of State’s foreign workers in certain Middle Eastern countries paid substantial fees to recruiters. According to the Inspector General, ‘‘ap-proximately one-half of the workers were charged recruitment fees equaling more than six months’ salary.’’ Moreover, ‘‘more than a quarter of the work-ers reported fees greater than one year’s sal-ary and . . . fees that could not be paid off in two years.’’ The United States Government Account-ability Office (GAO) found that USAID, the De-partment of State (DOS), and the Defense De-partment (DOD) should enhance and strength-en their oversight of contractors in order to better protect against trafficking in persons. The agencies should develop more precise definitions of recruitment fees, and have stronger implementation strategies towards contracting officials in areas where the risk of trafficking in persons is high. Indeed, out of the three agencies previously addressed, only the DOD committed to defini-tional recruitment fees and concurred with the United States GAO’s definitional recommenda-tion. A proposed Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) rule that prohibits charging any recruit-ment fees to employees was noted by both the Department of State and USAID. However, both the Department of State and USAID lacked an explicit definition for what constitutes a prohibited recruitment fee. Without an explicit definition of the compo-nents of recruitment fees, the risk of debt bondages increase, prohibited fees are more likely to be renamed and passed, and other conditions that contribute to trafficking are more likely to occur. I support this legislation because no later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, both the Secretary of State and the Administrator of USAID shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report that includes a proposed definition of placement and recruitment fees for purposes of com-plying with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. Both entities will also include a description of what fee components and amounts are pro-hibited or are permissible for contractors or their agents to charge workers. An explanation of how the definition pro-vided will be incorporated into grants, con-tracts, cooperative agreements, and con-tracting practices will be required. Both the 180-day period preceding the date of submission and the one year following the date of submission require a report of the de-scription of actions taken. Indeed, acknowledging the actions executed during the time periods provided ensure that officials responsible for grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements and contracting prac-tices include the prevention of trafficking in persons in plans and processes. These include agreements and contracting practices that relate to areas of the world in which the risk of trafficking in persons is high. In a 2011 CNN report, we learned about a federal agency filing a large human trafficking lawsuit. The article discussed Thai workers who made their way to the nonprofit agency. Some were approached by a labor con-tractor who offered what is said to be a lucra-tive job on a farm in the United States, but the would be workers unfortunately found them-selves owing thousands of dollars in recruiting fees instead. I support this legislation because it facili-tates, establishes and monitors a strong sys-tem for submitting reports pertaining to explicit definitions of placement and recruitment fees, so foreign workers recruited from developing countries are not vulnerable to a variety of trafficking-related abuses. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 400, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ELECTRIFY AFRICA ACT OF 2015 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2152) to establish a comprehensive United States Government policy to encourage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to develop an ap-propriate mix of power solutions, in-cluding renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, promote development outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2152 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Electrify Af-rica Act of 2015’’. SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to encourage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to improve access to affordable and reliable electricity in Africa in order to unlock the potential for inclusive economic growth, job creation, food security, improved health, education, and environmental outcomes, and poverty reduction. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to partner, consult, and coordinate with the governments of sub-Saharan African coun-tries, international financial institutions, and African regional economic communities, cooperatives, and the private sector, in a concerted effort to— (1) promote first-time access to power and power services for at least 50,000,000 people in sub-Saharan Africa by 2020 in both urban and rural areas; (2) encourage the installation of at least 20,000 additional megawatts of electrical power in sub-Saharan Africa by 2020 using a broad mix of energy options to help reduce poverty, promote sustainable development, and drive inclusive economic growth; (3) promote non-discriminatory reliable, affordable, and sustainable power in urban areas (including small urban areas) to pro-mote economic growth and job creation; (4) promote policies to facilitate public-pri-vate partnerships to provide non-discrimina-tory reliable, sustainable, and affordable electrical service to rural and underserved populations; (5) encourage the necessary in-country re-forms, including facilitating public-private partnerships specifically to support elec-tricity access projects to make such expan-sion of power access possible; (6) promote reforms of power production, delivery, and pricing, as well as regulatory reforms and transparency, to support long- term, market-based power generation and distribution; (7) promote policies to displace kerosene lighting with other technologies; (8) promote an all-of-the-above energy de-velopment strategy for sub-Saharan Africa that includes the use of oil, natural gas, coal, hydroelectric, wind, solar, and geo-thermal power, and other sources of energy; and (9) promote and increase the use of private financing and seek ways to remove barriers to private financing and assistance for projects, including through charitable orga-nizations. 
SEC. 4. DEVELOPMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE, MULTIYEAR STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall estab-lish a comprehensive, integrated, multiyear strategy to encourage the efforts of coun-tries in sub-Saharan Africa to implement na-tional power strategies and develop an ap-propriate mix of power solutions to provide access to sufficient reliable, affordable, and sustainable power in order to reduce poverty and drive economic growth and job creation consistent with the policy stated in section 3. (2) F
LEXIBILITY AND RESPONSIVENESS .—The President shall ensure that the strategy re-quired under paragraph (1) maintains suffi-cient flexibility for and remains responsive to concerns and interests of affected local communities and technological innovation in the power sector. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.030 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H397 February 1, 2016 
contains the strategy required under sub-section (a) and includes a discussion of the following elements: (1) The objectives of the strategy and the criteria for determining the success of the strategy. (2) A general description of efforts in sub- Saharan Africa to— (A) increase power production; (B) strengthen electrical transmission and distribution infrastructure; (C) provide for regulatory reform and transparent and accountable governance and oversight; (D) improve the reliability of power; (E) maintain the affordability of power; (F) maximize the financial sustainability of the power sector; and (G) improve non-discriminatory access to power that is done in consultation with af-fected communities. (3) A description of plans to support efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to in-crease access to power in urban and rural areas, including a description of plans de-signed to address commercial, industrial, and residential needs. (4) A description of plans to support efforts to reduce waste and corruption, ensure local community consultation, and improve exist-ing power generation through the use of a broad power mix, including fossil fuel and re-newable energy, distributed generation mod-els, energy efficiency, and other techno-logical innovations, as appropriate. (5) An analysis of existing mechanisms for ensuring, and recommendations to pro-mote— (A) commercial cost recovery; (B) commercialization of electric service through distribution service providers, in-cluding cooperatives, to consumers; (C) improvements in revenue cycle man-agement, power pricing, and fees assessed for service contracts and connections; (D) reductions in technical losses and com-mercial losses; and (E) non-discriminatory access to power, in-cluding recommendations on the creation of new service provider models that mobilize community participation in the provision of power services. (6) A description of the reforms being un-dertaken or planned by countries in sub-Sa-haran Africa to ensure the long-term eco-nomic viability of power projects and to in-crease access to power, including— (A) reforms designed to allow third parties to connect power generation to the grid; (B) policies to ensure there is a viable and independent utility regulator; (C) strategies to ensure utilities become or remain creditworthy; (D) regulations that permit the participa-tion of independent power producers and pri-vate-public partnerships; (E) policies that encourage private sector and cooperative investment in power genera-tion; (F) policies that ensure compensation for power provided to the electrical grid by on- site producers; (G) policies to unbundle power services; (H) regulations to eliminate conflicts of in-terest in the utility sector; (I) efforts to develop standardized power purchase agreements and other contracts to streamline project development; (J) efforts to negotiate and monitor com-pliance with power purchase agreements and other contracts entered into with the private sector; and (K) policies that promote local community consultation with respect to the develop-ment of power generation and transmission projects. (7) A description of plans to ensure mean-ingful local consultation, as appropriate, in the planning, long-term maintenance, and management of investments designed to in-crease access to power in sub-Saharan Afri-ca. (8) A description of the mechanisms to be established for— (A) selection of partner countries for fo-cused engagement on the power sector; (B) monitoring and evaluating increased access to, and reliability and affordability of, power in sub-Saharan Africa; (C) maximizing the financial sustainability of power generation, transmission, and dis-tribution in sub-Saharan Africa; (D) establishing metrics to demonstrate progress on meeting goals relating to access to power, power generation, and distribution in sub-Saharan Africa; and (E) terminating unsuccessful programs. (9) A description of how the President in-tends to promote trade in electrical equip-ment with countries in sub-Saharan Africa, including a description of how the govern-ment of each country receiving assistance pursuant to the strategy— (A) plans to lower or eliminate import tar-iffs or other taxes for energy and other power production and distribution tech-nologies destined for sub-Saharan Africa, in-cluding equipment used to provide energy access, including solar lanterns, solar home systems, and micro and mini grids; and (B) plans to protect the intellectual prop-erty of companies designing and manufac-turing products that can be used to provide energy access in sub-Saharan Africa. (10) A description of how the President in-tends to encourage the growth of distributed renewable energy markets in sub-Saharan Africa, including off-grid lighting and power, that includes— (A) an analysis of the state of distributed renewable energy in sub-Saharan Africa; (B) a description of market barriers to the deployment of distributed renewable energy technologies both on- and off-grid in sub-Sa-haran Africa; (C) an analysis of the efficacy of efforts by the Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to facilitate the fi-nancing of the importation, distribution, sale, leasing, or marketing of distributed re-newable energy technologies; and (D) a description of how bolstering distrib-uted renewable energy can enhance the over-all effort to increase power access in sub-Sa-haran Africa. (11) A description of plans to ensure that small and medium enterprises based in sub- Saharan Africa can fairly compete for en-ergy development and energy access opportu-nities associated with this Act. (12) A description of how United States in-vestments to increase access to energy in sub-Saharan Africa may reduce the need for foreign aid and development assistance in the future. (13) A description of policies or regula-tions, both domestically and internationally, that create barriers to private financing of the projects undertaken in this Act. (14) A description of the specific national security benefits to the United States that will be derived from increased energy access in sub-Saharan Africa. (c) I
NTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may, as ap-propriate, establish an Interagency Working Group to coordinate the activities of rel-evant United States Government depart-ments and agencies involved in carrying out the strategy required under this section. (2) F
UNCTIONS .—The Interagency Working Group may, among other things— (A) seek to coordinate the activities of the United States Government departments and agencies involved in implementing the strat-egy required under this section; (B) ensure efficient and effective coordina-tion between participating departments and agencies; and (C) facilitate information sharing, and co-ordinate partnerships between the United States Government, the private sector, and other development partners to achieve the goals of the strategy. SEC. 5. PRIORITIZATION OF EFFORTS AND AS-SISTANCE FOR POWER PROJECTS IN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA BY KEY UNITED STATES INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In pursuing the policy goals described in section 3, the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, the Director of the Trade and Development Agency, the Over-seas Private Investment Corporation, and the Chief Executive Officer and Board of Di-rectors of the Millennium Challenge Cor-poration should, as appropriate, prioritize and expedite institutional efforts and assist-ance to facilitate the involvement of such in-stitutions in power projects and markets, both on- and off-grid, in sub-Saharan Africa and partner with other investors and local institutions in sub-Saharan Africa, including private sector actors, to specifically increase access to reliable, affordable, and sustain-able power in sub-Saharan Africa, including through— (1) maximizing the number of people with new access to power and power services; (2) improving and expanding the genera-tion, transmission and distribution of power; (3) providing reliable power to people and businesses in urban and rural communities; (4) addressing the energy needs of marginalized people living in areas where there is little or no access to a power grid and developing plans to systematically in-crease coverage in rural areas; (5) reducing transmission and distribution losses and improving end-use efficiency and demand-side management; (6) reducing energy-related impediments to business productivity and investment; and (7) building the capacity of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to monitor and appro-priately and transparently regulate the power sector and encourage private invest-ment in power production and distribution. (b) E
FFECTIVENESS MEASUREMENT .—In prioritizing and expediting institutional ef-forts and assistance pursuant to this section, as appropriate, such institutions shall use clear, accountable, and metric-based targets to measure the effectiveness of such guaran-tees and assistance in achieving the goals de-scribed in section 3. (c) P
ROMOTION OF USE OF PRIVATE FINANC -
ING AND ASSISTANCE .—In carrying out poli-cies under this section, such institutions shall promote the use of private financing and assistance and seek ways to remove bar-riers to private financing for projects and programs under this Act, including through charitable organizations. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize modifying or limiting the portfolio of the in-stitutions covered by subsection (a) in other developing regions. 
SEC. 6. LEVERAGING INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT. 
In implementing the strategy described in section 4, the President should direct the United States representatives to appropriate international bodies to use the influence of the United States, consistent with the broad development goals of the United States, to advocate that each such body— (1) commit to significantly increase efforts to promote investment in well-designed power sector and electrification projects in sub-Saharan Africa that increase energy ac-cess, in partnership with the private sector 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.012 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH398 February 1, 2016 
and consistent with the host countries’ ab-sorptive capacity; (2) address energy needs of individuals and communities where access to an electricity grid is impractical or cost-prohibitive; (3) enhance coordination with the private sector in sub-Saharan Africa to increase ac-cess to electricity; (4) provide technical assistance to the reg-ulatory authorities of sub-Saharan African governments to remove unnecessary barriers to investment in otherwise commercially viable projects; and (5) utilize clear, accountable, and metric- based targets to measure the effectiveness of such projects. 
SEC. 7. PROGRESS REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on progress made toward achieving the strategy described in section 4 that includes the fol-lowing: (1) A report on United States programs supporting implementation of policy and leg-islative changes leading to increased power generation and access in sub-Saharan Africa, including a description of the number, type, and status of policy, regulatory, and legisla-tive changes initiated or implemented as a result of programs funded or supported by the United States in countries in sub-Saha-ran Africa to support increased power gen-eration and access after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (2) A description of power projects receiv-ing United States Government support and how such projects, including off-grid efforts, are intended to achieve the strategy de-scribed in section 4. (3) For each project described in paragraph (2)— (A) a description of how the project fits into, or encourages modifications of, the na-tional energy plan of the country in which the project will be carried out, including en-couraging regulatory reform in that county; (B) an estimate of the total cost of the project to the consumer, the country in which the project will be carried out, and other investors; (C) the amount of financing provided or guaranteed by the United States Govern-ment for the project; (D) an estimate of United States Govern-ment resources for the project, itemized by funding source, including from the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, the Department of the Treasury, and other appropriate United States Government departments and agencies; (E) an estimate of the number and regional locations of individuals, communities, busi-nesses, schools, and health facilities that have gained power connections as a result of the project, with a description of how the re-liability, affordability, and sustainability of power has been improved as of the date of the report; (F) an assessment of the increase in the number of people and businesses with access to power, and in the operating electrical power capacity in megawatts as a result of the project between the date of the enact-ment of this Act and the date of the report; (G) a description of efforts to gain mean-ingful local consultation for projects associ-ated with this Act and any significant esti-mated noneconomic effects of the efforts car-ried out pursuant to this Act; and (H) a description of the participation by small and medium enterprises based in sub- Saharan Africa on projects associated with this Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking this bill’s Senate cosponsors. The Senate sponsors of the original measure are B
OBCORKER , chairman of the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee, and the ranking member, Mr. C
ARDIN , as well as two other Senators, M
ARCO  R
UBIO and C HRIS COONS . I thank them for their good work to ensure this bill’s Senate passage. We had our House version passed into the Senate. I also want to thank Ranking Mem-ber E
LIOT ENGEL , as well as Chairman C
HRIS SMITH, and Ranking Member K
AREN BASS of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Sub-committee for working so closely with me to develop the concept for this leg-islation over the last several years. Last Congress, the House passed a similar version of the measure we con-sider today. With today’s action, this bill will head to the President’s desk for signature. The Electrify Africa Act seeks to ad-dress the massive electricity shortage in Africa. It is a direct response to the fact that today 600 million people liv-ing in sub-Saharan Africa—that is 70 percent of the population—do not have access to reliable electricity. The Elec-trify Africa Act offers a market-based response to this problem, and it will bring about the development of afford-able, reliable energy in Africa. Why do we want to help increase en-ergy access to the continent? Well, to create jobs and to improve lives in both Africa and America. It is no secret that Africa has great potential as a trading partner and could help create jobs here in the U.S. As the Foreign Affairs Committee in-vestigated how to make better use of the African Growth and Opportunity Act, which was landmark legislation passed over a decade ago to expand trade with Africa, we learned that the lack of affordable, reliable energy made the production of goods for trade and export nearly impossible. Even where other conditions supported man-ufacturing, the cost of running a plant on a diesel generator is prohibited. However, the U.S. is not alone in its interest in enhancing trade with Afri-ca. We have competition. Just last month, the People’s Republic of China pledged $60 billion in financial support to the continent. If the United States wants to tap into this potential con-sumer base, we need to be aggressively building partnerships on the continent, which is what this bill does. This bill will also have a tangible im-pact on people’s lives. As former chair-man of the Africa, Global Health, Glob-al Human Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee, I have seen firsthand how our considerable in-vestments in improving access to health care and education in Africa are undermined by a lack of reliable elec-tricity. Mr. ENGEL and I visited a power pro-vider in rural Tanzania, which would help meet the goals of this bill, in a place where only 10 percent of the pop-ulation has access to electricity. In areas like that throughout Africa, schoolchildren are forced to study by inefficient, dangerous kerosene lamps. Cold storage of lifesaving vaccines is almost impossible without reliable electricity. Too many families resort to using charcoal or other toxic fuel sources whose fumes cause more deaths than HIV/AIDS and malaria combined and also damage the eyesight of the children trying to study. In Tanzania, we now have American entrepreneurs bringing new technology and management expertise to the remotest areas of Africa, and that is improving lives. Many of us on the committee have worked to transform our foreign assistance from programs that offer extensive Band-Aids to poli-cies that support economic growth and independence. The Electrify Africa Act is part of this transition. This bill mandates a clear and com-prehensive U.S. policy providing the private sector with the platform that it needs to invest in African electricity. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man R
OYCE , Subcommittee Chairman S
MITH, and Ranking Member B ASS. I also want to thank our Senate col-leagues, especially Chairman C
ORKER  and Ranking Member C
ARDIN , for ad-vancing this effort. We are now in a place to send this legislation to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, across sub-Saharan Af-rica, more than 600 million individuals live without access to reliable elec-tricity. That is double the U.S. popu-lation without electricity, nearly two- thirds of their population. For individuals, that deficit means never knowing what will happen with the flip of a switch. It means a day’s work needs to come to an end at sun-set, that food can’t be refrigerated, and that technology that is so valuable for connecting to the rest of the world can’t be relied upon. For communities, lack of access to power undermines the ability of hos-pitals to deliver health care because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.012 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H399 February 1, 2016 
vaccines spoil and medical equipment sits useless. Businesses can’t expand and thrive. Schools are limited in what they can offer students. For countries, these factors combine to undermine stability and stymie progress. Without reliable power, coun-tries can’t become strong players in the global economy or strong partners on the global stage. The better these countries do, the better it is for their neighbors, for their region, and for the entire world. As you can see, the United States has an interest in helping these countries grapple with this challenge and making sure the lights stay on. That is why the Electrify Africa Act is such an impor-tant bill. This legislation puts into law Presi-dent Obama’s 2013 Power Africa initia-tive. It seeks to create strong, new partnerships among governments, banks, and other private sector inves-tors with the aim of providing first- time power to 50 million people by the year 2020. It calls for a long-term strat-egy from our own government for as-sisting sub-Saharan African countries with national power strategies, and it directs other American agencies to make assistance for power projects in sub-Saharan Africa a top priority. It helps bring American influence to bear around the world to encourage inter-national bodies to bring a new focus on this challenge. Mr. Speaker, I fully support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Afri-ca, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organiza-tions. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding. I want to congratulate Chairman R
OYCE on the Electrify Africa Act as a companion bill to the legislation that we have before us today. We held a hearing in my subcommittee that K
AREN BASSwill remember well in No-vember of 2014. The blessings that will accrue from a huge effort to electrify Africa are almost without limit, espe-cially when it comes to health care and ensuring that students can have proper light to go to school and to study, par-ticularly at night. All of the benefits that we take for granted in the United States and in other parts of the world still have yet to come to Africa. In the 21st century, energy has be-come vital, as we all know, to modern societies. We no longer have to shop for food each day. Refrigerators keep food cold and preserved longer, whether in our homes, in restaurants, or during the process of transportation. Cell phones, computers, televisions, and other electronics require electrical power to allow us to lead more produc-tive lives in the modern world and in-creasingly in the developing world. As we have seen in the recent Ebola epidemic and in the current Zika virus epidemic, it is vital that medicines and plasma be kept cold so that they don’t lose their potency. Of course, in the preservation of blood and so many other items that are essential to life, electricity facilitates their continu-ance and their potency. b1715 It is unfortunate that the continent of Africa has so many people who have been denied the ability to enjoy the ad-vances of science. Currently, only 290 million people out of about 914 million Africans have access to electricity and the total number lacking continues to rise. Bioenergy, mainly fuel, wood, and charcoal, is still the major source of fuel, and as the chairman pointed out in his opening comments, it threatens the lives of so many people in Africa, including the eyesight of many of those who experience that. On the other hand, hydropower ac-counts for about 20 percent of the total power supply in the region, but less than 10 percent of its estimated poten-tial has been realized. Persistent drought in some areas makes hydro-power unpredictable. The Electrify Africa Act takes an all- of-the-above approach—all of these good prospects—in promoting the widest selection of sources of energy that includes all forms of fossil fuels, but also hydroelectric and renewable energy sources. This facilitates African nations to use all available energy sources. Coal, which is abundant in Africa, will be in the mix, and, hopefully, we can help them import clean coal technology to mitigate pollution. Again, I thank the chairman for this legislation. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), who is the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations and who is a leader on sub-Saharan Africa issues. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of S. 2152, the Electrify Africa Act. I commend the leadership and the work especially of our chair, Mr. R
OYCE , of our ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL , of our subcommittee chair, Mr. S
MITH, and also of our committed members and staffs of the House For-eign Affairs Committee as well as of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee on this critical bill. Because of this bill, the lives of mil-lions of people can be changed immeas-urably for the better. I remind my colleagues that two- thirds of the population of sub-Saharan Africa live without electricity, particu-larly in the rural areas. This means that children are forced to study by candlelight and that doctors and mid-wives are delivering babies by relying on flashlights. The effort to devise an inexpensive, safe, and reliable source of power is being addressed not only in the small, brilliant initiatives by young African entrepreneurs, such as by those whom I met when I had the honor of traveling with President Obama to the 2015 Glob-al Entrepreneurship Summit in Nairobi, but also in the large, innova-tive public-private partnerships, such as Power Africa. Electrify Africa can contribute to this effort in a major way by helping to address the glaring absence of elec-trical power for at least 50 million peo-ple in sub-Saharan Africa by 2020, thus improving the education, health care, and other basic needs of millions of Af-ricans. The lack of access to power adversely affects broad-based economic develop-ment on the continent. This was par-ticularly evident last year during the Ebola crisis in three small African countries. That battle was won with the help of the U.S. and with well-coordinated re-gional efforts on the ground. Yet, in order to win the war against other crippling diseases, there must be great-er access to electrical power. In working together, we have crafted legislation that will focus on increas-ing access to electricity in rural and poor communities through small, re-newable energy projects that will re-sult in at least millions of Africans having access to electricity for the first time in their lives by 2020. When we worked together last year to pass AGOA, we knew much more was needed in order to build the infrastruc-ture that supported African nations in their ability to develop the capacity to become full trading partners with the United States. This legislation, along with AGOA, is consistent with the theme from the continent—trade, not aid—moving to-ward the continent of Africa’s being self-sufficient and self-determined. I am proud to serve as an original co-sponsor of this legislation, and I invite fellow Members to support this bill as well. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I thank Chairman ROYCE , Ranking Member E
NGEL , and the subcommittee chairman and ranking member. Sometimes the right thing to do is also in our strategic interests as a country, and this piece of legislation is a great example of that. I urge this body to pass it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I again thank all of this bill’s cospon-sors in the House and in the Senate as well as the House and Senate staffs, particularly Nilmini Rubin. I also thank Andy Olson, whose hard work has gotten us here today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.032 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH400 February 1, 2016 
I also acknowledge Andrew Herscowitz—the USAID Power Africa’s coordinator—and his team, who are watching this debate right now in the gallery. I think, as we look at the range of enthusiasm for this legislation, at the last count I took, we had letters of sup-port from 35 African ambassadors, from the Chamber of Commerce, from the Corporate Council on Africa, from the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, from the American Acad-emy of Pediatrics, and, of course, from the ONE Campaign. The United States has economic and national security interests in the con-tinued development of the African con-tinent. This bill sets out a comprehen-sive, sustainable, and market-based plan to bring 600 million Africans out of the dark and into the global econ-omy, benefiting American businesses and workers at the same time and, frankly, saving lives at the same time. So I urge all Members to support the Electrify Africa Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of S. 2152 an important legisla-tion. I support S. 2152 because it seeks to estab-lish a comprehensive United States policy that encourages the efforts of countries in Africa to develop an appropriate mix of electricity solu-tions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, promote develop-ment outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes. According to the World Bank, those living on $1.25 day in Africa accounted for 48.5% of the population in that region in 2010. Moreover, the U.S. Energy Information Ad-ministration statistics state that in 2011 the whole of Africa possessed only 78 gigawatts of installed generation capacity, of which South Africa accounted for 44 gigawatts. By comparison, installed capacity in the United States alone was 1,053 gigawatts. In other words, all of Africa has only 7% of the electric capacity of the United States. This is why S. 2152 is important, as it can be instrumental in helping to facilitate higher energy capacities in Africa. Furthermore, actual production capacity for Africa is likely to be substantially lower than the theoretical quantity because of inadequate maintenance, outmoded equipment and fuel shortages. Using per-capita data, a US citizen on aver-age uses 12,461 kilowatt hours of electricity per annum; a citizen of Ethiopia uses 52. On average, only 30% of Africa’s citizens have any access to electric electricity, and even where electricity is available, provision can be sporadic, with frequent electricity cuts and ‘‘brown-outs.’’ For now, the continent remains largely de-pendent on hydroelectricity with 13 countries utilizing hydroelectricity for 60% or more of their energy. But, hydroelectricity relies on rain and Afri-ca’s rain fall is sporadic at best. The reliance on sporadic rainfall adversely impacts the effectiveness and accessibility to hydroelectricity sources. Energy is a key life blood of every economy and community. In addition to electricity in homes, the en-ergy sector has been instrumental in creating millions of jobs, providing lighting to commu-nities and healthcare centers, fueling our vehi-cles, increasing literacy and life expectancy. As an advocate for energy empowerment in Africa, I have championed energy brain trusts that are convened to serve as a platform for all relevant stakeholders from the energy sec-tors including coal, electric, natural gas, nu-clear, oil and emerging energy sources such as wind, solar, hydroelectricity and turbine en-ergy. I support the Electrify Africa Act as it will ad-dress the energy issues of the day. As you all may know, with enthusiasm, opti-mism and a collaborative spirit I partnered with my colleagues here in Congress and experts in other U.S. agencies such as USAID, which has been spearheading innovative energy ini-tiatives through its inter-agency efforts. This legislation is important because it will increase the number of people with new ac-cess to electricity and electricity services. This legislation will improve and expand the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity. I support this legislation because it provides reliable electricity to people and businesses in urban and rural communities. It will address the energy needs of citizens living in areas where there is little or no ac-cess to electricity grids. It is also important because it will help de-velop plans to systemically increase coverage in rural areas. It will facilitate the reduction in transmission and distribution losses and improve end-use efficiency and demand-side management as well as end energy-related impediments to business productivity and investment. Additionally, this legislation will facilitate the capacity of countries in Africa to monitor ap-propriately and transparently the regulation of the power sector. It will also serve as an economic stimulator because it will encourage private investment in energy production and distribution. Overall, this legislation is important because it makes accessible a human necessity: elec-tricity, which will dramatically improve the quality of life of children, women and men. Access to electricity will aid the mid-wife in successfully delivering a healthy child, while insuring the mother’s successful recovery. Access to electricity, taken for granted in some parts of the world is critical in Africa be-cause it will provide the light for a child to do his or her homework. Electricity gives Africa’s future innovator, politician and teacher access to the internet: opening countless doors. I support this legislation because it will pro-mote first-time access to electricity and elec-tricity services for at least 50,000,000 people in Africa. This legislation will facilitate the installation of at least 20,000 additional megawatts of electricity in Africa by 2020 in both urban and rural areas. When Africa succeeds the world succeeds and this is why I support this legislation and I thank my colleagues for their bipartisan sup-port across both chambers of the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2152. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AGREEMENT ON SOCIAL SECURITY BETWEEN THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA AND THE GOVERNMENT OF HUNGARY—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–95) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to section 233(e)(1) of the Social Security Act, as amended by the Social Security Amendments of 1977 (Public Law 95–216, 42 U.S.C. 433(e)(1)), I transmit herewith a social security totalization agreement with Hungary, titled, ‘‘Agreement on Social Security between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of Hungary,’’ and a related agreement titled, ‘‘Administrative Arrangement for the Implementation of the Agree-ment on Social Security between the United States of America and the Gov-ernment of Hungary’’ (collectively the ‘‘Agreements’’). The Agreements were signed in Budapest, Hungary, on Feb-ruary 3, 2015. The Agreements are similar in objec-tive to the social security agreements already in force with most European Union countries, Australia, Canada, Chile, Japan, Norway, the Republic of Korea, and Switzerland. Such bilateral agreements provide for limited coordi-nation between the United States and foreign social security systems to eliminate dual social security coverage and taxation, and to help prevent the lost benefit protection that can occur when workers divide their careers be-tween two countries. The Agreements contain all provi-sions mandated by section 233 of the Social Security Act and the provisions that I deem appropriate to carry out the purposes of section 233, pursuant to section 233(c)(4) of the Social Security Act. I also transmit for the information of the Congress a report required by sec-tion 233(e)(1) of the Social Security Act on the estimated number of individuals who will be affected by the Agreements and the estimated cost effect. The De-partment of State and the Social Secu-rity Administration have rec-ommended the Agreements to me. I commend the Agreements and re-lated documents. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 1, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.034 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H401 February 1, 2016 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 24 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1829 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York) at 6 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3700, HOUSING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. STIVERS from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–411) on the resolution (H. Res. 594) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3700) to provide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of various hous-ing programs, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 2187, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4168, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
FAIR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNI-TIES FOR PROFESSIONAL EX-PERTS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2187) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise its regulations regarding the qualifica-tions of natural persons as accredited investors, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 347, nays 8, not voting 78, as follows: [Roll No. 46] YEAS—347 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—8 
Capuano Clark (MA) Lynch McGovern Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Sensenbrenner Tsongas 
NOT VOTING—78 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Butterfield Carter (GA) Castro (TX) Clarke (NY) Clay Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis, Rodney Doggett Edwards Engel Fattah Flores Franks (AZ) Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Huizenga (MI) Issa Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Joyce Kaptur Katko Kennedy Kildee King (IA) Kirkpatrick LaMalfa Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Maloney, Sean Massie Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Nadler Noem Nunes Palazzo Peterson Pompeo Ribble Richmond Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schiff Scott, Austin Serrano Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Tiberi Valadao Westerman Westmoreland Wilson (FL) 
b1847 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 46, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 46, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on rollcall No. 46, I was meeting with con-stituents. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 46, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall no. 46, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 46, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH402 February 1, 2016 
SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION ENHANCEMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4168) to amend the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an annual review by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual government-business forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 390, nays 1, not voting 42, as follows: 
[Roll No. 47] YEAS—390 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—1 
Sensenbrenner 
NOT VOTING—42 
Amodei Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Butterfield Castro (TX) Clarke (NY) Clay Crowley Cummings Edwards Engel Fattah Franks (AZ) Grijalva Hice, Jody B. Huizenga (MI) Issa Jackson Lee Kaptur King (IA) Kirkpatrick LaMalfa Lewis Loebsack Maloney, Sean Massie Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Nadler Pompeo Rohrabacher Rokita Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schiff Scott, Austin Sires Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Tiberi Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1854 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on Roll Call #46 on H.R. 2187—Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act. I am not recorded because I was absent due to awaiting the im-pending birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present I would have voted AYE. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on Roll Call #47 on H.R. 4168—Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act. I am not recorded because I was absent due to await-ing the impending birth of my son in San Anto-nio, Texas. Had I been present I would have voted AYE. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1019 AND H.R. 1401 Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I be re-moved as a cosponsor from both H.R. 1019 and H.R. 1401. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 546 Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove myself as a cospon-sor of H.R. 546, the ACE Kids Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the additional motion to sus-pend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on the postponed question will be taken later. 
f 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 4188) to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.039 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H403 February 1, 2016 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 101. Authorizations. Sec. 102. Conforming amendments. TITLE II—COAST GUARD Sec. 201. Vice Commandant. Sec. 202. Vice admirals. Sec. 203. Coast Guard remission of indebted-ness. Sec. 204. Acquisition reform. Sec. 205. Auxiliary jurisdiction. Sec. 206. Coast Guard communities. Sec. 207. Polar icebreakers. Sec. 208. Air facility closures. Sec. 209. Technical corrections to title 14, United States Code. Sec. 210. Discontinuance of an aid to naviga-tion. Sec. 211. Mission performance measures. Sec. 212. Communications. Sec. 213. Coast Guard graduate maritime oper-ations education. Sec. 214. Professional development. Sec. 215. Senior enlisted member continuation boards. Sec. 216. Coast Guard member pay. Sec. 217. Transfer of funds necessary to provide medical care. Sec. 218. Participation of the Coast Guard Academy in Federal, State, or other educational research grants. Sec. 219. National Coast Guard Museum. Sec. 220. Investigations. Sec. 221. Clarification of eligibility of members of the Coast Guard for combat-re-lated special compensation. Sec. 222. Leave policies for the Coast Guard. TITLE III—SHIPPING AND NAVIGATION Sec. 301. Survival craft. Sec. 302. Vessel replacement. Sec. 303. Model years for recreational vessels. Sec. 304. Merchant mariner credential expira-tion harmonization. Sec. 305. Safety zones for permitted marine events. Sec. 306. Technical corrections. Sec. 307. Recommendations for improvements of marine casualty reporting. Sec. 308. Recreational vessel engine weights. Sec. 309. Merchant mariner medical certifi-cation reform. Sec. 310. Atlantic Coast port access route study. Sec. 311. Certificates of documentation for rec-reational vessels. Sec. 312. Program guidelines. Sec. 313. Repeals. Sec. 314. Maritime drug law enforcement. Sec. 315. Examinations for merchant mariner credentials. Sec. 316. Higher volume port area regulatory definition change. Sec. 317. Recognition of port security assess-ments conducted by other entities. Sec. 318. Fishing vessel and fish tender vessel certification. Sec. 319. Interagency Coordinating Committee on Oil Pollution Research. Sec. 320. International port and facility inspec-tion coordination. TITLE IV—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION Sec. 401. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 402. Duties of the Chairman. Sec. 403. Prohibition on awards. TITLE V—CONVEYANCES Subtitle A—Miscellaneous Conveyances Sec. 501. Conveyance of Coast Guard property in Point Reyes Station, Cali-fornia. Sec. 502. Conveyance of Coast Guard property in Tok, Alaska. Subtitle B—Pribilof Islands Sec. 521. Short title. Sec. 522. Transfer and disposition of property. Sec. 523. Notice of certification. Sec. 524. Redundant capability. Subtitle C—Conveyance of Coast Guard Property at Point Spencer, Alaska Sec. 531. Findings. Sec. 532. Definitions. Sec. 533. Authority to convey land in Point Spencer. Sec. 534. Environmental compliance, liability, and monitoring. Sec. 535. Easements and access. Sec. 536. Relationship to Public Land Order 2650. Sec. 537. Archeological and cultural resources. Sec. 538. Maps and legal descriptions. Sec. 539. Chargeability for land conveyed. Sec. 540. Redundant capability. Sec. 541. Port Coordination Council for Point Spencer. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 601. Modification of reports. Sec. 602. Safe vessel operation in the Great Lakes. Sec. 603. Use of vessel sale proceeds. Sec. 604. National Academy of Sciences cost as-sessment. Sec. 605. Coastwise endorsements. Sec. 606. International Ice Patrol. Sec. 607. Assessment of oil spill response and cleanup activities in the Great Lakes. Sec. 608. Report on status of technology detect-ing passengers who have fallen overboard. Sec. 609. Venue. Sec. 610. Disposition of infrastructure related to e-loran. Sec. 611. Parking. Sec. 612. Inapplicability of load line require-ments to certain United States vessels traveling in the Gulf of Mexico. TITLE I—AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART III—COAST GUARD AUTHORIZA-TIONS AND REPORTS TO CONGRESS ‘‘Chap. Sec. ‘‘27. Authorizations............................2701 ‘‘29. Reports.......................................2901. ‘‘CHAPTER 27—AUTHORIZATIONS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2702. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘2704. Authorized levels of military strength and training. ‘‘§ 2702. Authorization of appropriations ‘‘Funds are authorized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as follows: ‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for— ‘‘(A) $6,981,036,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $6,981,036,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, renova-tion, and improvement of aids to navigation, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment— ‘‘(A) $1,945,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $1,945,000,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, in-cluding operations and maintenance of the pro-gram, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services— ‘‘(A) $140,016,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $140,016,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of this title— ‘‘(A) $16,701,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $16,701,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(5) To the Commandant of the Coast Guard for research, development, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mission with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine environmental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceano-graphic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment— ‘‘(A) $19,890,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $19,890,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘§ 2704. Authorized levels of military strength and training ‘‘(a) ACTIVE DUTY STRENGTH .—The Coast Guard is authorized an end-of-year strength for active duty personnel of 43,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. ‘‘(b) M
ILITARY TRAINING STUDENT LOADS.— The Coast Guard is authorized average military training student loads for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 as follows: ‘‘(1) For recruit and special training, 2,500 student years. ‘‘(2) For flight training, 165 student years. ‘‘(3) For professional training in military and civilian institutions, 350 student years. ‘‘(4) For officer acquisition, 1,200 student years. ‘‘CHAPTER 29—REPORTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2904. Manpower requirements plan. ‘‘§ 2904. Manpower requirements plan ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—On the date on which the President submits to the Congress a budget for fiscal year 2017 under section 1105 of title 31, on the date on which the President submits to the Congress a budget for fiscal year 2019 under such section, and every 4 years thereafter, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate a manpower requirements plan. ‘‘(b) S
COPE.—A manpower requirements plan submitted under subsection (a) shall include for each mission of the Coast Guard— ‘‘(1) an assessment of all projected mission re-quirements for the upcoming fiscal year and for each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; ‘‘(2) the number of active duty, reserve, and civilian personnel assigned or available to fulfill such mission requirements— ‘‘(A) currently; and ‘‘(B) as projected for the upcoming fiscal year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; ‘‘(3) the number of active duty, reserve, and civilian personnel required to fulfill such mis-sion requirements— ‘‘(A) currently; and ‘‘(B) as projected for the upcoming fiscal year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; ‘‘(4) an identification of any capability gaps between mission requirements and mission per-formance caused by deficiencies in the numbers of personnel available— ‘‘(A) currently; and ‘‘(B) as projected for the upcoming fiscal year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; and ‘‘(5) an identification of the actions the Com-mandant will take to address capability gaps identified under paragraph (4). ‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATION .—In composing a man-power requirements plan for submission under subsection (a), the Commandant shall con-sider— ‘‘(1) the marine safety strategy required under section 2116 of title 46; ‘‘(2) information on the adequacy of the ac-quisition workforce included in the most recent report under section 2903 of this title; and ‘‘(3) any other Federal strategic planning ef-fort the Commandant considers appropriate.’’. (b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PRIOR AUTHORIZATION  
OFAPPROPRIATIONS .—Section 662 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating such section as section 2701; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH404 February 1, 2016 
(2) by transferring such section to appear be-fore section 2702 of such title (as added by sub-section (a) of this section); and (3) by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for. ‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, renova-tion, and improvement of aids to navigation, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment. ‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, in-cluding operations and maintenance of the pro-gram, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services. ‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of this title. ‘‘(5) For research, development, test, and eval-uation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the per-formance of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(6) For alteration or removal of bridges over navigable waters of the United States consti-tuting obstructions to navigation, and for per-sonnel and administrative costs associated with the Alteration of Bridges Program.’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF PERSONNEL END S
TRENGTHS .—Section 661 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating such section as section 2703; and (2) by transferring such section to appear be-fore section 2704 of such title (as added by sub-section (a) of this section). (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) T
RANSMISSION OF ANNUAL COAST GUARD AU -
THORIZATION REQUEST .—Section 662a of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by redesignating such section as section 2901; (B) by transferring such section to appear be-fore section 2904 of such title (as added by sub-section (a) of this section); and (C) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘described in section 661’’ and inserting ‘‘described in section 2703’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘described in section 662’’ and inserting ‘‘described in section 2701’’. (2) C
APITAL INVESTMENT PLAN .—Section 663 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by redesignating such section as section 2902; and (B) by transferring such section to appear after section 2901 of such title (as so redesig-nated and transferred by paragraph (1) of this subsection). (3) M
AJOR ACQUISITIONS .—Section 569a of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by redesignating such section as section 2903; (B) by transferring such section to appear after section 2902 of such title (as so redesig-nated and transferred by paragraph (2) of this subsection); and (C) in subsection (c)(2) by striking ‘‘of this subchapter’’. (e) I
CEBREAKERS .— (1) I
CEBREAKING ON THE GREAT LAKES .—For fiscal years 2016 and 2017, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 2702(2) of title 14, United States Code (as added by subsection (a) of this section) for the selection of a design for and the construction of an icebreaker that is capable of buoy tending to enhance icebreaking capacity on the Great Lakes. (2) P
OLAR ICEBREAKING .—Of the amounts au-thorized to be appropriated under section 2702(2) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), there is authorized to be appro-priated to the Coast Guard $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 for preacquisition activities for a new polar ice-breaker, including initial specification develop-ment and feasibility studies. (f) ADDITIONAL SUBMISSIONS .—The Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives— (1) each plan required under section 2904 of title 14, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a) of this section; (2) each plan required under section 2903(e) of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 206 of this Act; (3) each plan required under section 2902 of title 14, United States Code, as redesignated by subsection (d) of this section; and (4) each mission need statement required under section 569 of title 14, United States Code. 
SEC. 102. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) A NALYSIS FOR TITLE 14.—The analysis for title 14, United States Code, is amended by add-ing after the item relating to part II the fol-lowing: ‘‘III. Coast Guard Authorizations and Reports to Congress......................2701’’. (b) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 15.—The analysis for chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 569a. (c) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 17.—The analysis for chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sec-tions 661, 662, 662a, and 663. (d) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 27.—The analysis for chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, is amended by inserting— (1) before the item relating to section 2702 the following: ‘‘2701. Requirement for prior authorization of appropriations.’’; and (2) before the item relating to section 2704 the following: ‘‘2703. Authorization of personnel end strengths.’’. (e) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 29.—The analysis for chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 2904 the following: ‘‘2901. Transmission of annual Coast Guard au-thorization request. ‘‘2902. Capital investment plan. ‘‘2903. Major acquisitions.’’. (f) M
ISSION NEEDSTATEMENT .—Section 569(b) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘in section 569a(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘in section 2903’’; and (2) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘under sec-tion 663(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 2902(a)(1)’’. TITLE II—COAST GUARD 
SEC. 201. VICE COMMANDANT. 
(a) G RADES AND RATINGS .—Section 41 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘an admiral,’’ and inserting ‘‘admirals (two);’’. (b) V
ICECOMMANDANT ; APPOINTMENT .—Sec- tion 47 of title 14, United States Code, is amend-ed by striking ‘‘vice admiral’’ and inserting ‘‘ad-miral’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by inserting ‘‘admiral or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’; (2) in subsection (b) by inserting ‘‘admiral or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’ each place it appears; and (3) in subsection (c) by inserting ‘‘admiral or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’. 
SEC. 202. VICE ADMIRALS. 
Section 50 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) The President may— ‘‘(A) designate, within the Coast Guard, no more than five positions of importance and re-sponsibility that shall be held by officers who, while so serving— ‘‘(i) shall have the grade of vice admiral, with the pay and allowances of that grade; and ‘‘(ii) shall perform such duties as the Com-mandant may prescribe, except that if the Presi-dent designates five such positions, one position shall be the Chief of Staff of the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(B) designate, within the executive branch, other than within the Coast Guard or the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, positions of importance and responsibility that shall be held by officers who, while so serving, shall have the grade of vice admiral, with the pay and allowances of that grade.’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(A) by striking ‘‘under paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘under paragraph (1)(A)’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as sub-paragraph (D); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) at the discretion of the Secretary, while awaiting orders after being relieved from the po-sition, beginning on the day the officer is re-lieved from the position, but not for more than 60 days; and’’. SEC. 203. COAST GUARD REMISSION OF INDEBT-EDNESS. 
(a) E XPANSION OF AUTHORITY TO REMIT IN-
DEBTEDNESS .—Section 461 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 461. Remission of indebtedness ‘‘The Secretary may have remitted or can-celled any part of a person’s indebtedness to the United States or any instrumentality of the United States if— ‘‘(1) the indebtedness was incurred while the person served on active duty as a member of the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary determines that remitting or cancelling the indebtedness is in the best inter-est of the United States.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 461 and inserting the following: ‘‘461. Remission of indebtedness.’’. 
SEC. 204. ACQUISITION REFORM. 
(a) M INIMUM PERFORMANCE STANDARDS .—Sec- tion 572(d)(3) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) through (H) as subparagraphs (E) through (J), respectively; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as sub-paragraph (C); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) the performance data to be used to deter-mine whether the key performance parameters have been resolved;’’; and (4) by inserting after subparagraph (C), as re-designated by paragraph (2) of this subsection, the following: ‘‘(D) the results during test and evaluation that will be required to demonstrate that a ca-pability, asset, or subsystem meets performance requirements;’’. (b) C
APITAL INVESTMENT PLAN.—Section 2902 of title 14, United States Code, as redesignated and otherwise amended by this Act, is further amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘comple-tion;’’ and inserting ‘‘completion based on the proposed appropriations included in the budg-et;’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘at the projected funding levels;’’ and inserting ‘‘based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget;’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H405 February 1, 2016 
(2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c), and inserting after subsection (a) the following: ‘‘(b) N
EWCAPITAL ASSETS .—In the fiscal year following each fiscal year for which appropria-tions are enacted for a new capital asset, the re-port submitted under subsection (a) shall in-clude— ‘‘(1) an estimated life-cycle cost estimate for the new capital asset; ‘‘(2) an assessment of the impact the new cap-ital asset will have on— ‘‘(A) delivery dates for each capital asset; ‘‘(B) estimated completion dates for each cap-ital asset; ‘‘(C) the total estimated cost to complete each capital asset; and ‘‘(D) other planned construction or improve-ment projects; and ‘‘(3) recommended funding levels for each cap-ital asset necessary to meet the estimated com-pletion dates and total estimated costs included in the such asset’s approved acquisition pro-gram baseline.’’; and (3) by amending subsection (c), as so redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘unfunded priority’ means a pro-gram or mission requirement that— ‘‘(A) has not been selected for funding in the applicable proposed budget; ‘‘(B) is necessary to fulfill a requirement asso-ciated with an operational need; and ‘‘(C) the Commandant would have rec-ommended for inclusion in the applicable pro-posed budget had additional resources been available or had the requirement emerged before the budget was submitted; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘new capital asset’ means— ‘‘(A) an acquisition program that does not have an approved acquisition program baseline; or ‘‘(B) the acquisition of a capital asset in ex-cess of the number included in the approved ac-quisition program baseline.’’. (c) D
AYSAWAY FROM HOMEPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— (1) implement a standard for tracking oper-ational days at sea for Coast Guard cutters that does not include days during which such cutters are undergoing maintenance or repair; and (2) notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the stand-ard implemented under paragraph (1). (d) F
IXED WINGAIRCRAFT FLEET MIXANAL-
YSIS.—Not later than September 30, 2016, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a revised fleet mix analysis of Coast Guard fixed wing aircraft. (e) L
ONG-TERM MAJOR ACQUISITIONS PLAN.— Section 2903 of title 14, United States Code, as redesignated and otherwise amended by this Act, is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) L
ONG-TERM MAJOR ACQUISITIONS PLAN.— Each report under subsection (a) shall include a plan that describes for the upcoming fiscal year, and for each of the 20 fiscal years thereafter— ‘‘(1) the numbers and types of cutters and air-craft to be decommissioned; ‘‘(2) the numbers and types of cutters and air-craft to be acquired to— ‘‘(A) replace the cutters and aircraft identified under paragraph (1); or ‘‘(B) address an identified capability gap; and ‘‘(3) the estimated level of funding in each fis-cal year required to— ‘‘(A) acquire the cutters and aircraft identi-fied under paragraph (2); ‘‘(B) acquire related command, control, com-munications, computer, intelligence, surveil-lance, and reconnaissance systems; and ‘‘(C) acquire, construct, or renovate shoreside infrastructure. ‘‘(f) QUARTERLY UPDATES ON RISKS OF PRO-
GRAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after the end of each fiscal year quarter, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the committees of Congress specified in subsection (a) an update setting forth a current assessment of the risks associated with all current major ac-quisition programs. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each update under this sub-section shall set forth, for each current major acquisition program, the following: ‘‘(A) The top five current risks to such pro-gram. ‘‘(B) Any failure of such program to dem-onstrate a key performance parameter or thresh-old during operational test and evaluation con-ducted during the fiscal year quarter preceding such update. ‘‘(C) Whether there has been any decision during such fiscal year quarter to order full-rate production before all key performance param-eters or thresholds are met. ‘‘(D) Whether there has been any breach of major acquisition program cost (as defined by the Major Systems Acquisition Manual) during such fiscal year quarter. ‘‘(E) Whether there has been any breach of major acquisition program schedule (as so de-fined) during such fiscal year quarter.’’. 
SEC. 205. AUXILIARY JURISDICTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 822 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The purpose’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The purpose’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—The Auxiliary may conduct a patrol of a waterway, or a portion thereof, only if— ‘‘(1) the Commandant has determined such waterway, or portion thereof, is navigable for purposes of the jurisdiction of the Coast Guard; or ‘‘(2) a State or other proper authority has re-quested such patrol pursuant to section 141 of this title or section 13109 of title 46.’’. (b) N
OTIFICATION .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— (1) review the waterways patrolled by the Coast Guard Auxiliary in the most recently com-pleted fiscal year to determine whether such wa-terways are eligible or ineligible for patrol under section 822(b) of title 14, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)); and (2) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, provide to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a written notification of— (A) any waterways determined ineligible for patrol under paragraph (1); and (B) the actions taken by the Commandant to ensure Auxiliary patrols do not occur on such waterways. 
SEC. 206. COAST GUARD COMMUNITIES. 
Section 409 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1998 (14 U.S.C. 639 note) is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘90 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 days’’. 
SEC. 207. POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) I NCREMENTAL FUNDING AUTHORITY FOR  P
OLAR ICEBREAKERS .—In fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may enter into a contract or contracts for the acquisition of polar icebreakers and associated equipment using incremental funding. (b) ‘‘P
OLAR SEA’’ M ATERIEL CONDITION AS-
SESSMENT AND SERVICE LIFEEXTENSION .—Sec- tion 222 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–213; 126 Stat. 1560) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall— ‘‘(1) complete a materiel condition assessment with respect to the Polar Sea; ‘‘(2) make a determination of whether it is cost effective to reactivate the Polar Sea com-pared with other options to provide icebreaking services as part of a strategy to maintain polar icebreaking services; and ‘‘(3) submit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate— ‘‘(A) the assessment required under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) written notification of the determination required under paragraph (2).’’; (2) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘analysis’’ and inserting ‘‘written notification’’; (3) by striking subsection (c); (4) by redesignating subsections (d) through (h) as subsections (c) through (g), respectively; (5) in subsection (c) (as redesignated by para-graph (4) of this section)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘based on the analysis required’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘anal-ysis’’ and inserting ‘‘written notification’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘analysis’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘written notification’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(3)(B)’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘subsection (c)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘that subsection’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘under subsection (a)(5)’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘in the analysis submitted under this section’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘(a)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘then’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘then’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and (v) by striking subparagraph (B); and (6) in subsection (d) (as redesignated by para-graph (4) of this subsection) by striking ‘‘in sub-section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘in subsection (c)’’. 
SEC. 208. AIR FACILITY CLOSURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 676 the following: ‘‘§ 676a. Air facility closures ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Coast Guard may not— ‘‘(A) close a Coast Guard air facility that was in operation on November 30, 2014; or ‘‘(B) retire, transfer, relocate, or deploy an aviation asset from an air facility described in subparagraph (A) for the purpose of closing such facility. ‘‘(2) S
UNSET .—Paragraph (1) shall have no force or effect beginning on the later of— ‘‘(A) January 1, 2018; or ‘‘(B) the date on which the Secretary submits to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, rotary wing stra-tegic plans prepared in accordance with section 208(b) of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015. ‘‘(b) C
LOSURES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on January 1, 2018, the Secretary may not close a Coast Guard air facility, except as specified by this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH406 February 1, 2016 
‘‘(2) D ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary may not propose closing or terminating operations at a Coast Guard air facility unless the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(A) remaining search and rescue capabilities maintain the safety of the maritime public in the area of the air facility; ‘‘(B) regional or local prevailing weather and marine conditions, including water temperatures or unusual tide and current conditions, do not require continued operation of the air facility; and ‘‘(C) Coast Guard search and rescue stand-ards related to search and response times are met. ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .—Prior to closing an air facility, the Secretary shall pro-vide opportunities for public comment, including the convening of public meetings in communities in the area of responsibility of the air facility with regard to the proposed closure or cessation of operations at the air facility. ‘‘(4) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Prior to closure, cessation of operations, or any significant re-duction in personnel and use of a Coast Guard air facility that is in operation on or after De-cember 31, 2015, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) submit to the Congress a proposal for such closure, cessation, or reduction in oper-ations along with the budget of the President submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31 for the fiscal year in which the action will be carried out; and ‘‘(B) not later than 7 days after the date a proposal for an air facility is submitted pursu-ant to subparagraph (A), provide written notice of such proposal to each of the following: ‘‘(i) Each member of the House of Representa-tives who represents a district in which the air facility is located. ‘‘(ii) Each member of the Senate who rep-resents a State in which the air facility is lo-cated. ‘‘(iii) Each member of the House of Represent-atives who represents a district in which assets of the air facility conduct search and rescue op-erations. ‘‘(iv) Each member of the Senate who rep-resents a State in which assets of the air facility conduct search and rescue operations. ‘‘(v) The Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(vi) The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(vii) The Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. ‘‘(viii) The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. ‘‘(c) O
PERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY .—The Sec- retary may implement any reasonable manage-ment efficiencies within the air station and air facility network, such as modifying the oper-ational posture of units or reallocating resources as necessary to ensure the safety of the maritime public nationwide.’’. (b) R
OTARY WINGSTRATEGIC PLANS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall prepare the plans specified in paragraph (2) to adequately address contingencies arising from potential future aviation casualties or the planned or unplanned retirement of rotary wing airframes to avoid to the greatest extent prac-ticable any substantial gap or diminishment in Coast Guard operational capabilities. (2) R
OTARY WING STRATEGIC PLANS .— (A) R
OTARY WING CONTINGENCY PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall de-velop and submit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a contingency plan— (i) to address the planned or unplanned losses of rotary wing airframes; (ii) to reallocate resources as necessary to en-sure the safety of the maritime public nation-wide; and (iii) to ensure the operational posture of Coast Guard units. (B) ROTARY WING REPLACEMENT CAPITAL IN -
VESTMENT PLAN .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall develop and submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a capital investment plan for the ac-quisition of new rotary wing airframes to re-place the Coast Guard’s legacy helicopters and fulfil all existing mission requirements. (ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The plan developed under this subparagraph shall provide— (I) a total estimated cost for completion; (II) a timetable for completion of the acquisi-tion project and phased in transition to new air-frames; and (III) projected annual funding levels for each fiscal year. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 17 .—The analysis for chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 676 the following: ‘‘676a. Air facility closures.’’. (2) R
EPEAL OF PROHIBITION .—Section 225 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3022) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (b); and (B) by striking ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’. 
SEC. 209. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended— (1) in the analysis for part I, by striking the item relating to chapter 19 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘19. Environmental Compliance and Restoration Program....................690’’; (2) in section 46(a), by striking ‘‘subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’; (3) in section 47, in the section heading by striking ‘‘commandant’’ and inserting ‘‘Com- mandant’’; (4) in section 93(f), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Commandant may lease submerged lands and tidelands under paragraph (1) only if— ‘‘(A) the lease is for cash exclusively; ‘‘(B) the lease amount is equal to the fair mar-ket value of the use of the leased submerged lands or tidelands for the period during which such lands are leased, as determined by the Commandant; ‘‘(C) the lease does not provide authority to or commit the Coast Guard to use or support any improvements to such submerged lands and tide-lands, or obtain goods and services from the les-see; and ‘‘(D) proceeds from the lease are deposited in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established under section 687.’’; (5) in the analysis for chapter 9, by striking the item relating to section 199 and inserting the following: ‘‘199. Marine safety curriculum.’’; (6) in section 427(b)(2), by striking ‘‘this chap-ter’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 61 of title 10’’; (7) in the analysis for chapter 15 before the item relating to section 571, by striking the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec.’’; (8) in section 581(5)(B), by striking ‘‘$300,000,0000,’’ and inserting ‘‘$300,000,000,’’; (9) in section 637(c)(3), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘it is’’ before ‘‘any’’; (10) in section 641(d)(3), by striking ‘‘Guard, installation’’ and inserting ‘‘Guard installa-tion’’; (11) in section 691(c)(3), by striking ‘‘state’’ and inserting ‘‘State’’; (12) in the analysis for chapter 21— (A) by striking the item relating to section 709 and inserting the following: ‘‘709. Reserve student aviation pilots; Reserve aviation pilots; appointments in commissioned grade.’’; and (B) by striking the item relating to section 740 and inserting the following: ‘‘740. Failure of selection and removal from an active status.’’; (13) in section 742(c), by striking ‘‘subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections’’; (14) in section 821(b)(1), by striking ‘‘Chapter 26’’ and inserting ‘‘Chapter 171’’; and (15) in section 823a(b)(1), by striking ‘‘Chapter 26’’ and inserting ‘‘Chapter 171’’. SEC. 210. DISCONTINUANCE OF AN AID TO NAVI-GATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish a process for the discontinuance of an aid to navigation (other than a seasonal or temporary aid) estab-lished, maintained, or operated by the Coast Guard. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—The process established under subsection (a) shall include procedures to notify the public of any discontinuance of an aid to navigation described in that subsection. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In establishing a process under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with and consider any recommendations of the Navigation Safety Advisory Council. (d) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after establishing a process under subsection (a), the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate of the process established. 
SEC. 211. MISSION PERFORMANCE MEASURES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate an assessment of the efficacy of the Coast Guard’s Standard Operational Planning Process with respect to annual mission performance measures. 
SEC. 212. COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary of Home-land Security determines that there are at least two communications systems described under paragraph (1)(B) and certified under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall establish and carry out a pilot program across not less than three com-ponents of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to assess the effectiveness of a communica-tions system that— (1) provides for— (A) multiagency collaboration and interoper-ability; and (B) wide-area, secure, and peer-invitation- and-acceptance-based multimedia communica-tions; (2) is certified by the Department of Defense Joint Interoperability Test Center; and (3) is composed of commercially available, off- the-shelf technology. (b) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 6 months after the date on which the pilot program is completed, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation and the Committee Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate an as-sessment of the pilot program, including the im-pacts of the program with respect to interagency and Coast Guard response capabilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H407 February 1, 2016 
(c) S TRATEGY .—The pilot program shall be consistent with the strategy required by the De-partment of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act (Public Law 114–29). (d) T
IMING .—The pilot program shall com-mence within 90 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act or within 60 days after the completion of the strategy required by the De-partment of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act (Public Law 114–29), whichever is later. 
SEC. 213. COAST GUARD GRADUATE MARITIME OPERATIONS EDUCATION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish an education program, for mem-bers and employees of the Coast Guard, that— (1) offers a master’s degree in maritime oper-ations; (2) is relevant to the professional development of such members and employees; (3) provides resident and distant education options, including the ability to utilize both op-tions; and (4) to the greatest extent practicable, is con-ducted using existing academic programs at an accredited public academic institution that— (A) is located near a significant number of Coast Guard, maritime, and other Department of Homeland Security law enforcement per-sonnel; and (B) has an ability to simulate operations nor-mally conducted at a command center. 
SEC. 214. PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) M ULTIRATER ASSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 428 the following: ‘‘§ 429. Multirater assessment of certain per-sonnel ‘‘(a) M
ULTIRATER ASSESSMENT OF CERTAIN  P
ERSONNEL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Commencing not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall develop and implement a plan to conduct every two years a multirater assessment for each of the following: ‘‘(A) Each flag officer of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(B) Each member of the Senior Executive Service of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(C) Each officer of the Coast Guard nomi-nated for promotion to the grade of flag officer. ‘‘(2) P
OST-ASSESSMENT ELEMENTS .—Following an assessment of an individual pursuant to paragraph (1), the individual shall be provided appropriate post-assessment counseling and leadership coaching. ‘‘(b) M
ULTIRATER ASSESSMENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘multirater assessment’ means a review that seeks opinion from members senior to the reviewee and the peers and subor-dinates of the reviewee.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by in-serting after the item related to section 428 the following: ‘‘429. Multirater assessment of certain per-sonnel.’’. (b) T
RAINING COURSE ON WORKINGS OF CON-
GRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 60. Training course on workings of Con-gress ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Com-mandant, in consultation with the Super-intendent of the Coast Guard Academy and such other individuals and organizations as the Commandant considers appropriate, shall de-velop a training course on the workings of the Congress and offer that training course at least once each year. ‘‘(b) COURSE SUBJECT MATTER .—The training course required by this section shall provide an overview and introduction to the Congress and the Federal legislative process, including— ‘‘(1) the history and structure of the Congress and the committee systems of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, including the func-tions and responsibilities of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate; ‘‘(2) the documents produced by the Congress, including bills, resolutions, committee reports, and conference reports, and the purposes and functions of those documents; ‘‘(3) the legislative processes and rules of the House of Representatives and the Senate, in-cluding similarities and differences between the two processes and rules, including— ‘‘(A) the congressional budget process; ‘‘(B) the congressional authorization and ap-propriation processes; ‘‘(C) the Senate advice and consent process for Presidential nominees; ‘‘(D) the Senate advice and consent process for treaty ratification; ‘‘(4) the roles of Members of Congress and congressional staff in the legislative process; and ‘‘(5) the concept and underlying purposes of congressional oversight within our governance framework of separation of powers. ‘‘(c) L
ECTURERS AND PANELISTS .— ‘‘(1) O
UTSIDE EXPERTS .—The Commandant shall ensure that not less than 60 percent of the lecturers, panelists, and other individuals pro-viding education and instruction as part of the training course required by this section are ex-perts on the Congress and the Federal legislative process who are not employed by the executive branch of the Federal Government. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT PRO BONO SERV -
ICES.—In satisfying the requirement under para-graph (1), the Commandant shall seek, and may accept, educational and instructional services of lecturers, panelists, and other individuals and organizations provided to the Coast Guard on a pro bono basis. ‘‘(d) C
OMPLETION OF REQUIRED TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) C
URRENT FLAG OFFICERS AND EMPLOY -
EES.—A Coast Guard flag officer appointed or assigned to a billet in the National Capital Re-gion on the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, and a Coast Guard Senior Executive Serv-ice employee employed in the National Capital Region on the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, shall complete a training course that meets the requirements of this section within 60 days after the date on which the Commandant com-pletes the development of the training course. ‘‘(2) N
EW FLAG OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES .—A Coast Guard flag officer who is newly appointed or assigned to a billet in the National Capital Region, and a Coast Guard Senior Executive Service employee who is newly employed in the National Capital Region, shall complete a train-ing course that meets the requirements of this section not later than 60 days after reporting for duty.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘60. Training course on workings of Congress.’’. (c) R
EPORT ON LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on Coast Guard leadership development. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the feasibility of— (i) all officers (other than officers covered by section 429(a) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this section) completing a multirater assessment; (ii) all members (other than officers covered by such section) in command positions completing a multirater assessment; (iii) all enlisted members in a supervisory posi-tion completing a multirater assessment; and (iv) members completing periodic multirater assessments. (B) Such recommendations as the Com-mandant considers appropriate for the imple-mentation or expansion of a multirater assess-ment in the personnel development programs of the Coast Guard. (C) An overview of each of the current leader-ship development courses of the Coast Guard, an assessment of the feasibility of the expansion of any such course, and a description of the re-sources, if any, required to expand such courses. (D) An assessment on the state of leadership training in the Coast Guard, and recommenda-tions on the implementation of a policy to pre-vent leadership that has adverse effects on sub-ordinates, the organization, or mission perform-ance, including— (i) a description of methods that will be used by the Coast Guard to identify, monitor, and counsel individuals whose leadership may have adverse effects on subordinates, the organiza-tion, or mission performance; (ii) the implementation of leadership recogni-tion training to recognize such leadership in one’s self and others; (iii) the establishment of procedures for the administrative separation of leaders whose lead-ership may have adverse effects on subordi-nates, the organization, or mission performance; and (iv) a description of the resources needed to implement this subsection. SEC. 215. SENIOR ENLISTED MEMBER CONTINU-ATION BOARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 357 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) through (h) and subsection (j); and (2) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘(i)’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 357. Retirement of enlisted members: in-crease in retired pay’’ (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 11 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to such section and inserting the following: ‘‘357. Retirement of enlisted members: increase in retired pay.’’. 
SEC. 216. COAST GUARD MEMBER PAY. 
(a) A NNUAL AUDIT OF PAY AND ALLOWANCES  
OFMEMBERS UNDERGOING PERMANENT CHANGE  
OFSTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 519. Annual audit of pay and allowances of members undergoing permanent change of station ‘‘The Commandant shall conduct each cal-endar year an audit of member pay and allow-ances for the members who transferred to new units during such calendar year. The audit for a calendar year shall be completed by the end of the calendar year.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘519. Annual audit of pay and allowances of members undergoing permanent change of station.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH408 February 1, 2016 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on alternative meth-ods for notifying members of the Coast Guard of their monthly earnings. The report shall in-clude— (1) an assessment of the feasibility of pro-viding members a monthly notification of their earnings, categorized by pay and allowance type; and (2) a description and assessment of mecha-nisms that may be used to provide members with notification of their earnings, categorized by pay and allowance type. 
SEC. 217. TRANSFER OF FUNDS NECESSARY TO PROVIDE MEDICAL CARE. 
(a) T RANSFER REQUIRED .—In lieu of the reim-bursement required under section 1085 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall transfer to the Secretary of De-fense an amount that represents the actuarial valuation of treatment or care— (1) that the Department of Defense shall pro-vide to members of the Coast Guard, former members of the Coast Guard, and dependents of such members and former members (other than former members and dependents of former mem-bers who are a Medicare-eligible beneficiary or for whom the payment for treatment or care is made from the Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Care Fund) at facilities under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense or a military depart-ment; and (2) for which a reimbursement would other-wise be made under section 1085. (b) A
MOUNT .—The amount transferred under subsection (a) shall be— (1) in the case of treatment or care to be pro-vided to members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, derived from amounts appropriated for the operating expenses of the Coast Guard; (2) in the case of treatment or care to be pro-vided former members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, derived from amounts appro-priated for retired pay; (3) determined under procedures established by the Secretary of Defense; (4) transferred during the fiscal year in which treatment or care is provided; and (5) subject to adjustment or reconciliation as the Secretaries determine appropriate during or promptly after such fiscal year in cases in which the amount transferred is determined excessive or insufficient based on the services actually provided. (c) N
OTRANSFER WHENSERVICE IN NAVY.—No transfer shall be made under this section for any period during which the Coast Guard oper-ates as a service in the Navy. (d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRICARE.—This section shall not be construed to require a payment for, or the transfer of an amount that represents the value of, treatment or care provided under any TRICARE program. 
SEC. 218. PARTICIPATION OF THE COAST GUARD ACADEMY IN FEDERAL, STATE, OR OTHER EDUCATIONAL RESEARCH GRANTS. 
Section 196 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before the first sentence; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFIED ORGANIZATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may— ‘‘(A) enter into a contract, cooperative agree-ment, lease, or licensing agreement with a quali-fied organization; ‘‘(B) allow a qualified organization to use, at no cost, personal property of the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(C) notwithstanding section 93, accept funds, supplies, and services from a qualified organiza-tion. ‘‘(2) S
OLE-SOURCE BASIS .—Notwithstanding chapter 65 of title 31 and chapter 137 of title 10, the Commandant may enter into a contract or cooperative agreement under paragraph (1)(A) on a sole-source basis. ‘‘(3) MAINTAINING FAIRNESS , OBJECTIVITY , AND 
INTEGRITY .—The Commandant shall ensure that contributions under this subsection do not— ‘‘(A) reflect unfavorably on the ability of the Coast Guard, any of its employees, or any mem-ber of the armed forces to carry out any respon-sibility or duty in a fair and objective manner; or ‘‘(B) compromise the integrity or appearance of integrity of any program of the Coast Guard, or any individual involved in such a program. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—For purposes of this sub-section, employees or personnel of a qualified organization shall not be employees of the United States. ‘‘(5) Q
UALIFIED ORGANIZATION DEFINED .—In this subsection the term ‘qualified organization’ means an organization— ‘‘(A) described under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that Code; and ‘‘(B) established by the Coast Guard Academy Alumni Association solely for the purpose of supporting academic research and applying for and administering Federal, State, or other edu-cational research grants on behalf of the Coast Guard Academy.’’. 
SEC. 219. NATIONAL COAST GUARD MUSEUM. 
Section 98(b) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘any appro-priated Federal funds for’’ and insert ‘‘any funds appropriated to the Coast Guard on’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘artifacts.’’ and inserting ‘‘artifacts, including the design, fabrication, and installation of exhibits or dis-plays in which such artifacts are included.’’. 
SEC. 220. INVESTIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘§ 430. Investigations of flag officers and Sen-ior Executive Service employees ‘‘In conducting an investigation into an alle-gation of misconduct by a flag officer or member of the Senior Executive Service serving in the Coast Guard, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall— ‘‘(1) conduct the investigation in a manner consistent with Department of Defense policies for such an investigation; and ‘‘(2) consult with the Inspector General of the Department of Defense.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is further amend-ed by inserting after the item related to section 429 the following: ‘‘430. Investigations of flag officers and Senior Executive Service employees.’’. 
SEC. 221. CLARIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY OF MEMBERS OF THE COAST GUARD FOR COMBAT-RELATED SPECIAL COMPENSATION. 
(a) C ONSIDERATION OF ELIGIBILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the department is which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue procedures and criteria to use in determining whether the dis-ability of a member of the Coast Guard is a com-bat-related disability for purposes of the eligi-bility of such member for combat-related special compensation under section 1413a of title 10, United States Code. Such procedures and cri-teria shall include the procedures and criteria prescribed by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (e)(2) of such section. Such proce-dures and criteria shall apply in determining whether the disability of a member of the Coast Guard is a combat-related disability for pur-poses of determining the eligibility of such mem-ber for combat-related special compensation under such section. (2) D
ISABILITY FOR WHICH A DETERMINATION IS  
MADE .—For the purposes of this section, and in the case of a member of the Coast Guard, a dis-ability under section 1413a(e)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, includes a disability in-curred during aviation duty, diving duty, rescue swimmer or similar duty, and hazardous service duty onboard a small vessel (such as duty as a surfman)— (A) in the performance of duties for which special or incentive pay was paid pursuant to section 301, 301a, 304, 307, 334, or 351 of title 37, United States Code; (B) in the performance of duties related to a statutory mission of the Coast Guard under paragraph (1) or paragraph (2) of section 888(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 468(a)), including— (i) law enforcement, including drug or mi-grant interdiction; (ii) defense readiness; or (iii) search and rescue; or (C) while engaged in a training exercise for the performance of a duty described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B). (b) APPLICABILITY OF PROCEDURES AND CRI-
TERIA .—The procedures and criteria issued pur-suant to subsection (a) shall apply to disabilities described in that subsection that are incurred on or after the effective date provided in section 636(a)(2) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 116 Stat. 2574; 10 U.S.C. 1413a note). (c) R
EAPPLICATION FOR COMPENSATION .—Any member of the Coast Guard who was denied combat-related special compensation under sec-tion 1413a of title 10, United States Code, during the period beginning on the effective date speci-fied in subsection (b) and ending on the date of the issuance of the procedures and criteria re-quired by subsection (a) may reapply for com-bat-related special compensation under such section on the basis of such procedures and cri-teria in accordance with such procedures as the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall specify. 
SEC. 222. LEAVE POLICIES FOR THE COAST GUARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended by in-serting after section 430 the following: ‘‘§ 431. Leave policies for the Coast Guard ‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary of the Navy promulgates a new rule, policy, or memorandum pursuant to sec-tion 704 of title 10, United States Code, with re-spect to leave associated with the birth or adop-tion of a child, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall pro-mulgate a similar rule, policy, or memorandum that provides leave to officers and enlisted mem-bers of the Coast Guard that is equal in dura-tion and compensation to that provided by the Secretary of the Navy.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is further amend-ed by inserting after the item related to section 430 the following: ‘‘431. Leave policies for the Coast Guard.’’. TITLE III—SHIPPING AND NAVIGATION 
SEC. 301. SURVIVAL CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘§ 3104. Survival craft ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT TOEQUIP.—The Secretary shall require that a passenger vessel be equipped with survival craft that ensures that no part of an individual is immersed in water, if— ‘‘(1) such vessel is built or undergoes a major conversion after January 1, 2016; and ‘‘(2) operates in cold waters as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) H
IGHER STANDARD OF SAFETY .—The Sec- retary may revise part 117 or part 180 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect before January 1, 2016, if such revision provides a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H409 February 1, 2016 
higher standard of safety than is provided by the regulations in effect on or before the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015. ‘‘(c) I
NNOVATIVE AND NOVEL DESIGNS .—The Secretary may, in lieu of the requirements set out in part 117 or part 180 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, allow a passenger vessel to be equipped with a life-saving appliance or ar-rangement of an innovative or novel design that— ‘‘(1) ensures no part of an individual is im-mersed in water; and ‘‘(2) provides an equal or higher standard of safety than is provided by such requirements as in effect before such date of the enactment. ‘‘(d) B
UILT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘built’ has the meaning that term has under section 4503(e).’’. (b) R
EVIEW ; REVISION OF REGULATIONS .— (1) R
EVIEW .—Not later than December 31, 2016, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a review of— (A) the number of casualties for individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly as a result of immersion in water, reported to the Coast Guard over the preceding 30-year period, by vessel type and area of operation; (B) the risks to individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly as a result of immer-sion in water, by passenger vessel type and area of operation; (C) the effect that carriage of survival craft that ensure that no part of an individual is im-mersed in water has on— (i) passenger vessel safety, including stability and safe navigation; (ii) improving the survivability of individuals, including individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; and (iii) the costs, the incremental cost difference to vessel operators, and the cost effectiveness of requiring the carriage of such survival craft to address the risks to individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; (D) the efficacy of alternative safety systems, devices, or measures in improving survivability of individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; and (E) the number of small businesses and non-profit vessel operators that would be affected by requiring the carriage of such survival craft on passenger vessels to address the risks to individ-uals with disabilities, children, and the elderly. (2) S
COPE.—In conducting the review under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall include an examination of passenger vessel casualties that have occurred in the waters of other nations. (3) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall update the review required under paragraph (1) every 5 years. (4) R
EVISION .—Based on the review conducted under paragraph (1), including updates thereto, the Secretary shall revise regulations concerning the carriage of survival craft under section 3104(c) of title 46, United States Code. (c) GAO S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall com-plete and submit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a re-port to determine any adverse or positive changes in public safety after the implementa-tion of the amendments and requirements under this section and section 3104 of title 46, United States Code. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In completing the report under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall examine— (A) the number of casualties, by vessel type and area of operation, as the result of immer-sion in water reported to the Coast Guard for each of the 10 most recent fiscal years for which such data are available; (B) data for each fiscal year on— (i) vessel safety, including stability and safe navigation; and (ii) survivability of individuals, including in-dividuals with disabilities, children, and the el-derly; (C) the efficacy of alternative safety systems, devices, or measures; and (D) any available data on the costs of the amendments and requirements under this sec-tion and section 3104 of title 46, United States Code. SEC. 302. VESSEL REPLACEMENT. 
(a) L OANS AND GUARANTEES .—Chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 53701— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (8) through (14) as paragraphs (9) through (15), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) H
ISTORICAL USES .—The term ‘historical uses’ includes— ‘‘(A) refurbishing, repairing, rebuilding, or re-placing equipment on a fishing vessel, without materially increasing harvesting capacity; ‘‘(B) purchasing a used fishing vessel; ‘‘(C) purchasing, constructing, expanding, or reconditioning a fishery facility; ‘‘(D) refinancing existing debt; ‘‘(E) reducing fishing capacity; and ‘‘(F) making upgrades to a fishing vessel, in-cluding upgrades in technology, gear, or equip-ment, that improve— ‘‘(i) collection and reporting of fishery-de-pendent data; ‘‘(ii) bycatch reduction or avoidance; ‘‘(iii) gear selectivity; ‘‘(iv) adverse impacts caused by fishing gear; or ‘‘(v) safety.’’; and (2) in section 53702(b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM OBLIGATIONS AVAILABLE FOR  
HISTORIC USES .—Of the direct loan obligations issued by the Secretary under this chapter, the Secretary shall make a minimum of $59,000,000 available each fiscal year for historic uses. ‘‘(4) U
SE OF OBLIGATIONS IN LIMITED ACCESS  
FISHERIES .—In addition to the other eligible pur-poses and uses of direct loan obligations pro-vided for in this chapter, the Secretary may issue direct loan obligations for the purpose of— ‘‘(A) financing the construction or reconstruc-tion of a fishing vessel in a fishery managed under a limited access system; or ‘‘(B) financing the purchase of harvesting rights in a fishery that is federally managed under a limited access system.’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION TO CERTAIN  F
ISHING VESSELS OF PROHIBITION UNDER VESSEL  C
ONSTRUCTION PROGRAM .—Section 302(b)(2) of the Fisheries Financing Act (title III of Public Law 104–297; 46 U.S.C. 53706 note) is amended— (1) in the second sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘or in’’ and inserting ‘‘, in’’; and (B) by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘‘, in fisheries that are under the juris-diction of the North Pacific Fishery Manage-ment Council and managed under a fishery management plan issued under the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), or in the Pacific whiting fishery that is under the jurisdiction of the Pacific Fishery Management Council and managed under a fishery management plan issued under that Act’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any fishing vessel operated in fisheries under the ju-risdiction of the North Pacific Fishery Manage-ment Council and managed under a fishery management plan issued under the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), or in the Pacific whiting fishery under the jurisdiction of the Pa-cific Fishery Management Council and managed under a fishery management plan issued under that Act, and that is replaced by a vessel that is constructed or rebuilt with a loan or loan guarantee provided by the Federal Government may not be used to harvest fish in any fishery under the jurisdiction of any regional fishery management council, other than a fishery under the jurisdiction of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council or the Pacific Fishery Management Council.’’. SEC. 303. MODEL YEARS FOR RECREATIONAL VES-SELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4302 of title 46, United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e)(1) Under this section, a model year for recreational vessels and associated equipment shall, except as provided in paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) begin on June 1 of a year and end on July 31 of the following year; and ‘‘(B) be designated by the year in which it ends. ‘‘(2) Upon the request of a recreational vessel manufacturer to which this chapter applies, the Secretary may alter a model year for a model of recreational vessel of the manufacturer and as-sociated equipment, by no more than 6 months from the model year described in paragraph (1).’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—This section shall only apply with respect to recreational vessels and associated equipment constructed or manufac-tured, respectively, on or after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 304. MERCHANT MARINER CREDENTIAL EX-PIRATION HARMONIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (c) and not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish a process to harmonize the expiration dates of merchant mariner cre-dentials, mariner medical certificates, and radar observer endorsements for individuals applying to the Secretary for a new merchant mariner credential or for renewal of an existing mer-chant mariner credential. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the process established under sub-section (a)— (1) does not require an individual to renew a merchant mariner credential earlier than the date on which the individual’s current creden-tial expires; and (2) results in harmonization of expiration dates for merchant mariner credentials, mariner medical certificates, and radar observer endorse-ments for all individuals by not later than 6 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) E
XCEPTION .—The process established under subsection (a) does not apply to individ-uals— (1) holding a merchant mariner credential with— (A) an active Standards of Training, Certifi-cation, and Watchkeeping endorsement; or (B) Federal first-class pilot endorsement; or (2) who have been issued a time-restricted medical certificate. 
SEC. 305. SAFETY ZONES FOR PERMITTED MA-RINE EVENTS. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish and implement a process to— (1) account for the number of safety zones es-tablished for permitted marine events; (2) differentiate whether the event sponsor who requested a permit for such an event is— (A) an individual; (B) an organization; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH410 February 1, 2016 
(C) a government entity; and (3) account for Coast Guard resources utilized to enforce safety zones established for permitted marine events, including for— (A) the number of Coast Guard or Coast Guard Auxiliary vessels used; and (B) the number of Coast Guard or Coast Guard Auxiliary patrol hours required. 
SEC. 306. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) T ITLE 46.—Title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 103, by striking ‘‘(33 U.S.C. 151).’’ and inserting ‘‘(33 U.S.C. 151(b)).’’; (2) in section 2118— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘title,’’ and inserting ‘‘subtitle,’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘title’’ and inserting ‘‘subtitle’’; (3) in the analysis for chapter 35— (A) by adding a period at the end of the item relating to section 3507; and (B) by adding a period at the end of the item relating to section 3508; (4) in section 3715(a)(2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (5) in section 4506, by striking ‘‘(a)’’; (6) in section 8103(b)(1)(A)(iii), by striking ‘‘Academy.’’ and inserting ‘‘Academy; and’’; (7) in section 11113(c)(1)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘under this Act’’; (8) in the analysis for chapter 701— (A) by adding a period at the end of the item relating to section 70107A; (B) in the item relating to section 70112, by striking ‘‘security advisory committees.’’ and in-serting ‘‘Security Advisory Committees.’’; and (C) in the item relating to section 70122, by striking ‘‘watch program.’’ and inserting ‘‘Watch Program.’’; (9) in section 70105(c)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)(xv)— (i) by striking ‘‘18, popularly’’ and inserting ‘‘18 (popularly’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Act’’ and inserting ‘‘Act)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(D) para-graph’’ and inserting ‘‘(D) of paragraph’’; (10) in section 70107— (A) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘5121(j)(8)),’’ and inserting ‘‘5196(j)(8)),’’; and (B) in subsection (m)(3)(C)(iii), by striking ‘‘that is’’ and inserting ‘‘that the applicant’’; (11) in section 70122, in the section heading, by striking ‘‘watch program’’ and inserting ‘‘Watch Program’’; and (12) in the analysis for chapter 705, by adding a period at the end of the item relating to sec-tion 70508. (b) G
ENERAL BRIDGE STATUTES .— (1) A
CT OF MARCH 3 , 1899.—The Act of March 3, 1899, popularly known as the Rivers and Har-bors Appropriations Act of 1899, is amended— (A) in section 9 (33 U.S.C. 401), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and (B) in section 18 (33 U.S.C. 502), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. (2) A
CT OF MARCH 23 , 1906.—The Act of March 23, 1906, popularly known as the Bridge Act of 1906, is amended— (A) in the first section (33 U.S.C. 491), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; (B) in section 4 (33 U.S.C. 494), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and (C) in section 5 (33 U.S.C. 495), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. (3) ACT OF AUGUST 18 , 1894.—Section 5 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act making appropriations for the construction, repair, and preservation of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes’’, approved August 18, 1894 (33 U.S.C. 499) is amended by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. (4) A
CT OF JUNE 21 , 1940.—The Act of June 21, 1940, popularly known as the Truman-Hobbs Act, is amended— (A) in section 1 (33 U.S.C. 511), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; (B) in section 4 (33 U.S.C. 514), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; (C) in section 7 (33 U.S.C. 517), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and (D) in section 13 (33 U.S.C. 523), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. (5) G
ENERAL BRIDGE ACT OF 1946 .—The General Bridge Act of 1946 is amended— (A) in section 502(b) (33 U.S.C. 525(b)), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and (B) in section 510 (33 U.S.C. 533), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. (6) I
NTERNATIONAL BRIDGE ACT OF 1972 .—The International Bridge Act of 1972 is amended— (A) in section 5 (33 U.S.C. 535c), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; (B) in section 8 (33 U.S.C. 535e), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and (C) by striking section 11 (33 U.S.C. 535h). 
SEC. 307. RECOMMENDATIONS FOR IMPROVE-MENTS OF MARINE CASUALTY RE-PORTING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate of the actions the Commandant will take to implement recommendations on improvements to the Coast Guard’s marine casualty reporting re-quirements and procedures included in— (1) the Department of Homeland Security Of-fice of Inspector General report entitled ‘‘Ma-rine Accident Reporting, Investigations, and Enforcement in the United States Coast Guard’’, released on May 23, 2013; and (2) the Towing Safety Advisory Committee re-port entitled ‘‘Recommendations for Improve-ment of Marine Casualty Reporting’’, released on March 26, 2015. 
SEC. 308. RECREATIONAL VESSEL ENGINE WEIGHTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue regulations amending table 4 to sub-part H of part 183 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to Weights (Pounds) of Outboard Motor and Related Equipment for Various Boat Horsepower Ratings) as appro-priate to reflect ‘‘Standard 30–Outboard Engine and Related Equipment Weights’’ published by the American Boat and Yacht Council, as in ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 309. MERCHANT MARINER MEDICAL CERTIFI-CATION REFORM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 7509. Medical certification by trusted agents ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law and pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary, a trusted agent may issue a medical certificate to an individual who— ‘‘(1) must hold such certificate to qualify for a license, certificate of registry, or merchant mariner’s document, or endorsement thereto under this part; and ‘‘(2) is qualified as to sight, hearing, and physical condition to perform the duties of such license, certificate, document, or endorsement, as determined by the trusted agent. ‘‘(b) P
ROCESS FOR ISSUANCE OF CERTIFICATES  
BYSECRETARY .—A final rule implementing this section shall include a process for— ‘‘(1) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to issue medical certificates to mariners who submit applications for such certificates to the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) a trusted agent to defer to the Secretary the issuance of a medical certificate. ‘‘(c) T
RUSTED AGENT DEFINED .—In this sec-tion the term ‘trusted agent’ means a medical practitioner certified by the Secretary to perform physical examinations of an individual for pur-poses of a license, certificate of registry, or mer-chant mariner’s document under this part.’’. (b) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a final rule imple-menting section 7509 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this section. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘7509. Medical certification by trusted agents.’’. 
SEC. 310. ATLANTIC COAST PORT ACCESS ROUTE STUDY. 
(a) A TLANTIC COAST PORT ACCESS ROUTE  S
TUDY .—Not later than April 1, 2016, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall conclude the Atlantic Coast Port Access Route Study and submit the results of such study to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (b) N
ANTUCKET SOUND .—Not later than De-cember 1, 2016, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall complete and submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a port access route study of Nan-tucket Sound using the standards and method-ology of the Atlantic Coast Port Access Route Study, to determine whether the Coast Guard should revise existing regulations to improve navigation safety in Nantucket Sound due to factors such as increased vessel traffic, chang-ing vessel traffic patterns, weather conditions, or navigational difficulty in the vicinity. 
SEC. 311. CERTIFICATES OF DOCUMENTATION FOR RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue regulations that— (1) make certificates of documentation for rec-reational vessels effective for 5 years; and (2) require the owner of such a vessel— (A) to notify the Coast Guard of each change in the information on which the issuance of the certificate of documentation is based, that oc-curs before the expiration of the certificate; and (B) apply for a new certificate of documenta-tion for such a vessel if there is any such change. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H411 February 1, 2016 
SEC. 312. PROGRAM GUIDELINES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment this Act, the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall— (1) develop guidelines to implement the pro-gram authorized under section 304(a) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–241), including specific actions to ensure the future availability of able and credentialed United States licensed and un-licensed seafarers including— (A) incentives to encourage partnership agree-ments with operators of foreign-flag vessels that carry liquified natural gas, that provide no less than one training billet per vessel for United States merchant mariners in order to meet min-imum mandatory sea service requirements; (B) development of appropriate training cur-ricula for use by public and private maritime training institutions to meet all United States merchant mariner license, certification, and doc-ument laws and requirements under the Inter-national Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers, 1978; and (C) steps to promote greater outreach and awareness of additional job opportunities for sea service veterans of the United States Armed Forces; and (2) submit such guidelines to the Committee Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate. 
SEC. 313. REPEALS. 
(a) R EPEALS , MERCHANT MARINE ACT, 1936.— Sections 601 through 606, 608 through 611, 613 through 616, 802, and 809 of the Merchant Ma-rine Act, 1936 (46 U.S.C. 53101 note) are re-pealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 575 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 57501, by striking ‘‘titles V and VI’’ and inserting ‘‘title V’’; and (2) in section 57531(a), by striking ‘‘titles V and VI’’ and inserting ‘‘title V’’. (c) T
RANSFER FROM MERCHANT MARINE ACT, 1936.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 801 of the Merchant Marine Act, 1936 (46 U.S.C. 53101 note) is— (A) redesignated as section 57522 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred to appear after section 57521 of such title; and (B) as so redesignated and transferred, is amended— (i) by striking so much as precedes the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 57522. Books and records, balance sheets, and inspection and auditing’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘the provision of title VI or VII of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘: Provided, That’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Commission’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 575, of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 57521 the following: ‘‘57522. Books and records, balance sheets, and inspection and auditing.’’. (d) R
EPEALS , TITLE46, U.S.C.—Section 8103 of title 46, United States Code, is amended in sub-sections (c) and (d) by striking ‘‘or operating’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 314. MARITIME DRUG LAW ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS .—Section 70503(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITIONS .—While on board a covered vessel, an individual may not knowingly or in-tentionally— ‘‘(1) manufacture or distribute, or possess with intent to manufacture or distribute, a controlled substance; ‘‘(2) destroy (including jettisoning any item or scuttling, burning, or hastily cleaning a vessel), or attempt or conspire to destroy, property that is subject to forfeiture under section 511(a) of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 881(a)); or ‘‘(3) conceal, or attempt or conspire to con-ceal, more than $100,000 in currency or other monetary instruments on the person of such in-dividual or in any conveyance, article of lug-gage, merchandise, or other container, or com-partment of or aboard the covered vessel if that vessel is outfitted for smuggling.’’. (b) COVERED VESSEL DEFINED .—Section 70503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
OVERED VESSEL DEFINED .—In this sec-tion the term ‘covered vessel’ means— ‘‘(1) a vessel of the United States or a vessel subject to the jurisdiction of the United States; or ‘‘(2) any other vessel if the individual is a cit-izen of the United States or a resident alien of the United States.’’. (c) P
ENALTIES .—Section 70506 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘A person violating section 70503’’ and inserting ‘‘A person violating paragraph (1) of section 70503(a)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) P
ENALTY .—A person violating paragraph (2) or (3) of section 70503(a) shall be fined in ac-cordance with section 3571 of title 18, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both.’’. (d) S
EIZURE AND FORFEITURE .—Section 70507(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 70503’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 70503 or 70508’’. (e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) The heading of section 70503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘§ 70503. Prohibited acts’’ (2) The analysis for chapter 705 of title 46, United States Code, is further amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 70503 and insert-ing the following: ‘‘70503. Prohibited acts.’’. 
SEC. 315. EXAMINATIONS FOR MERCHANT MAR-INER CREDENTIALS. 
(a) D ISCLOSURE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 46, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 7510. Examinations for merchant mariner credentials ‘‘(a) D
ISCLOSURE NOTREQUIRED .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary is not required to disclose to the public— ‘‘(1) a question from any examination for a merchant mariner credential; ‘‘(2) the answer to such a question, including any correct or incorrect answer that may be pre-sented with such question; and ‘‘(3) any quality or characteristic of such a question, including— ‘‘(A) the manner in which such question has been, is, or may be selected for an examination; ‘‘(B) the frequency of such selection; and ‘‘(C) the frequency that an examinee correctly or incorrectly answered such question. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN QUESTIONS .— Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary may, for the purpose of preparation by the gen-eral public for examinations required for mer-chant mariner credentials, release an examina-tion question and answer that the Secretary has retired or is not presently on or part of an exam-ination, or that the Secretary determines is ap-propriate for release. ‘‘(c) E
XAMREVIEW .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, and once every two years thereafter, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall commission a working group to re-view new questions for inclusion in examina-tions required for merchant mariner credentials, composed of— ‘‘(A) 1 subject matter expert from the Coast Guard; ‘‘(B) representatives from training facilities and the maritime industry, of whom— ‘‘(i) one-half shall be representatives from ap-proved training facilities; and ‘‘(ii) one-half shall be representatives from the appropriate maritime industry; ‘‘(C) at least 1 representative from the Mer-chant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee; ‘‘(D) at least 2 representatives from the State maritime academies, of whom one shall be a rep-resentative from the deck training track and one shall be a representative of the engine license track; ‘‘(E) representatives from other Coast Guard Federal advisory committees, as appropriate, for the industry segment associated with the subject examinations; ‘‘(F) at least 1 subject matter expert from the Maritime Administration; and ‘‘(G) at least 1 human performance technology representative. ‘‘(2) INCLUSION OF PERSONS KNOWLEDGEABLE  
ABOUT EXAMINATION TYPE .—The working group shall include representatives knowledgeable about the examination type under review. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The requirement to convene a working group under paragraph (1) does not apply unless there are new examination ques-tions to review. ‘‘(4) B
ASELINE REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Within 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall con-vene the working group to complete a baseline review of the Coast Guard’s Merchant Mariner Credentialing Examination, including review of— ‘‘(i) the accuracy of examination questions; ‘‘(ii) the accuracy and availability of exam-ination references; ‘‘(iii) the length of merchant mariner exami-nations; and ‘‘(iv) the use of standard technologies in ad-ministering, scoring, and analyzing the exami-nations. ‘‘(B) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—The Coast Guard shall provide a progress report to the appro-priate congressional committees on the review under this paragraph. ‘‘(5) F
ULL MEMBERSHIP NOT REQUIRED .—The Coast Guard may convene the working group without all members present if any non-Coast- Guard representative is present. ‘‘(6) N
ONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT .—The Sec- retary shall require all members of the working group to sign a nondisclosure agreement with the Secretary. ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF MEMBERS AS FEDERAL EM -
PLOYEES .—A member of the working group who is not a Federal Government employee shall not be considered a Federal employee in the service or the employment of the Federal Government, except that such a member shall be considered a special government employee, as defined in sec-tion 202(a) of title 18 for purposes of sections 203, 205, 207, 208, and 209 of such title and shall be subject to any administrative standards of conduct applicable to an employee of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating. ‘‘(8) F
ORMAL EXAM REVIEW .—The Secretary shall ensure that the Coast Guard Performance Technology Center— ‘‘(A) prioritizes the review of examinations re-quired for merchant mariner credentials; and ‘‘(B) not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, completes a formal review, including an appropriate analysis, of the topics and test-ing methodology employed by the National Mar-itime Center for merchant seamen licensing. ‘‘(9) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App) shall not apply to any work-ing group created under this section to review the Coast Guard’s merchant mariner credentialing examinations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH412 February 1, 2016 
‘‘(d) M ERCHANT MARINER CREDENTIAL DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘merchant mar-iner credential’ means a merchant seaman li-cense, certificate, or document that the Sec-retary is authorized to issue pursuant to this title.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for such chapter is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘7510. Examinations for merchant mariner cre-dentials.’’. (b) E
XAMINATIONS FOR MERCHANT MARINER  C
REDENTIALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 71 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 7116. Examinations for merchant mariner credentials ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT FOR SAMPLE EXAMS .—The Secretary shall develop a sample merchant mar-iner credential examination and outline of mer-chant mariner examination topics on an annual basis. ‘‘(b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each sample ex-amination and outline of topics developed under subsection (a) shall be readily available to the public. ‘‘(c) M
ERCHANT MARINER CREDENTIAL DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘merchant mar-iner credential’ has the meaning that term has in section 7510.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘7116. Examinations for merchant mariner cre-dentials.’’. (c) D
ISCLOSURE TO CONGRESS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize the withholding of information from an appropriate inspector general, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, or the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 316. HIGHER VOLUME PORT AREA REGU-LATORY DEFINITION CHANGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 710 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 124 Stat. 2986) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) H
IGHER VOLUME PORTS.—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the re-quirements of subparts D, F, and G of part 155 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, that apply to the higher volume port area for the Strait of Juan de Fuca at Port Angeles, Wash-ington (including any water area within 50 nau-tical miles seaward), to and including Puget Sound, shall apply, in the same manner, and to the same extent, to the Strait of Juan de Fuca at Cape Flattery, Washington (including any water area within 50 nautical miles seaward), to and including Puget Sound.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘the modification of the higher volume port area def-inition required by subsection (a).’’ and insert-ing ‘‘higher volume port requirements made ap-plicable under subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 317. RECOGNITION OF PORT SECURITY AS-SESSMENTS CONDUCTED BY OTHER ENTITIES. 
Section 70108 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) R
ECOGNITION OF ASSESSMENT CONDUCTED  
BYOTHER ENTITIES .— ‘‘(1) C
ERTIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF AS -
SESSMENTS .—For the purposes of this section and section 70109, the Secretary may treat an assessment that a foreign government (includ-ing, for the purposes of this subsection, an enti-ty of or operating under the auspices of the Eu-ropean Union) or international organization has conducted as an assessment that the Sec-retary has conducted for the purposes of sub-section (a), provided that the Secretary certifies that the foreign government or international or-ganization has— ‘‘(A) conducted the assessment in accordance with subsection (b); and ‘‘(B) provided the Secretary with sufficient in-formation pertaining to its assessment (includ-ing, but not limited to, information on the out-come of the assessment). ‘‘(2) AUTHORIZATION TO ENTER INTO AN AGREE -
MENT .—For the purposes of this section and sec-tion 70109, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State, may enter into an agree-ment with a foreign government (including, for the purposes of this subsection, an entity of or operating under the auspices of the European Union) or international organization, under which parties to the agreement— ‘‘(A) conduct an assessment, required under subsection (a); ‘‘(B) share information pertaining to such as-sessment (including, but not limited to, informa-tion on the outcome of the assessment); or ‘‘(C) both. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to— ‘‘(A) require the Secretary to recognize an as-sessment that a foreign government or an inter-national organization has conducted; or ‘‘(B) limit the discretion or ability of the Sec-retary to conduct an assessment under this sec-tion. ‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days before entering into an agreement or arrangement with a foreign government under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate of the proposed terms of such agreement or arrangement.’’. 
SEC. 318. FISHING VESSEL AND FISH TENDER VESSEL CERTIFICATION. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 4503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘this section’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘This sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in sub-section (d), subsection (a)’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘This section’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), sub-section (a)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) Subsection (a) does not apply to a fishing vessel or fish tender vessel to which section 4502(b) of this title applies, if the vessel— ‘‘(A) is at least 50 feet overall in length, and not more than 79 feet overall in length as listed on the vessel’s certificate of documentation or certificate of number; and ‘‘(B)(i) is built after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015; and ‘‘(ii) complies with— ‘‘(I) the requirements described in subsection (e); or ‘‘(II) the alternative requirements established by the Secretary under subsection (f).’’; and (4) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (g), and inserting after subsection (d) the following: ‘‘(e) The requirements referred to in sub-section (c)(2)(B)(ii)(I) are the following: ‘‘(1) The vessel is designed by an individual li-censed by a State as a naval architect or marine engineer, and the design incorporates standards equivalent to those prescribed by a classification society to which the Secretary has delegated au-thority under section 3316 or another qualified organization approved by the Secretary for pur-poses of this paragraph. ‘‘(2) Construction of the vessel is overseen and certified as being in accordance with its design by a marine surveyor of an organization accept-ed by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) The vessel— ‘‘(A) completes a stability test performed by a qualified individual; ‘‘(B) has written stability and loading instruc-tions from a qualified individual that are pro-vided to the owner or operator; and ‘‘(C) has an assigned loading mark. ‘‘(4) The vessel is not substantially altered without the review and approval of an indi-vidual licensed by a State as a naval architect or marine engineer before the beginning of such substantial alteration. ‘‘(5) The vessel undergoes a condition survey at least twice in 5 years, not to exceed 3 years between surveys, to the satisfaction of a marine surveyor of an organization accepted by the Secretary. ‘‘(6) The vessel undergoes an out-of-water sur-vey at least once every 5 years to the satisfac-tion of a certified marine surveyor of an organi-zation accepted by the Secretary. ‘‘(7) Once every 5 years and at the time of a substantial alteration to such vessel, compliance of the vessel with the requirements of paragraph (3) is reviewed and updated as necessary. ‘‘(8) For the life of the vessel, the owner of the vessel maintains records to demonstrate compli-ance with this subsection and makes such records readily available for inspection by an of-ficial authorized to enforce this chapter. ‘‘(f)(1) Not later than 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2015, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that pro-vides an analysis of the adequacy of the re-quirements under subsection (e) in maintaining the safety of the fishing vessels and fish tender vessels which are described in subsection (c)(2) and which comply with the requirements of sub-section (e). ‘‘(2) If the report required under this sub-section includes a determination that the safety requirements under subsection (e) are not ade-quate or that additional safety measures are necessary, that the Secretary may establish an alternative safety compliance program for fish-ing vessels or fish tender vessels (or both) which are described in subsection (c)(2) and which comply with the requirements of subsection (e). ‘‘(3) The alternative safety compliance pro-gram established under this subsection shall in-clude requirements for— ‘‘(A) vessel construction; ‘‘(B) a vessel stability test; ‘‘(C) vessel stability and loading instructions; ‘‘(D) an assigned vessel loading mark; ‘‘(E) a vessel condition survey at least twice in 5 years, not to exceed 3 years between surveys; ‘‘(F) an out-of-water vessel survey at least once every 5 years; ‘‘(G) maintenance of records to demonstrate compliance with the program, and the avail-ability of such records for inspection; and ‘‘(H) such other aspects of vessel safety as the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. (b) GAO R
EPORT ON COMMERCIAL FISHING  V
ESSEL SAFETY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on com-mercial fishing vessel safety. The report shall include— (A) national and regional trends that can be identified with respect to rates of marine casual-ties, human injuries, and deaths aboard or in-volving fishing vessels greater than 79 feet in length that operate beyond the 3-nautical-mile demarcation line; (B) a comparison of United States regulations for classification of fishing vessels to those es-tablished by other countries, including the ves-sel length at which such regulations apply; (C) the additional costs imposed on vessel owners as a result of the requirement in section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H413 February 1, 2016 
4503(a) of title 46, United States Code, and how the those costs vary in relation to vessel size and from region to region; (D) savings that result from the application of the requirement in section 4503(a) of title 46, United States Code, including reductions in in-surance rates or reduction in the number of fishing vessels or fish tender vessels lost to major safety casualties, nationally and regionally; (E) a national and regional comparison of the additional costs and safety benefits associated with fishing vessels or fish tender vessels that are built and maintained to class through a classification society to the additional costs and safety benefits associated with fishing vessels or fish tender vessels that are built to standards equivalent to classification society construction standards and maintained to standards equiva-lent to classification society standards with verification by independent surveyors; and (F) the impact on the cost of production and availability of qualified shipyards, nationally and regionally, resulting from the application of the requirement in section 4503(a) of title 46, United States Code. (2) C
ONSULTATION REQUIREMENT .—In pre- paring the report under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall— (A) consult with owners and operators of fish-ing vessels or fish tender vessels, classification societies, shipyards, the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, the National Transportation Safety Board, the Coast Guard, academics, naval architects, and marine safety nongovernmental organizations; and (B) obtain relevant data from the Coast Guard including data collected from enforcement ac-tions, boardings, investigations of marine cas-ualties, and serious marine incidents. (3) T
REATMENT OF DATA .—In preparing the re-port under paragraph (1), the Comptroller Gen-eral shall— (A) disaggregate data regionally for each of the regions managed by the regional fishery management councils established under section 302 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fisheries Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852), the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commis-sion, the Pacific States Marine Fisheries Com-mission, and the Gulf States Marine Fisheries Commission; and (B) include qualitative data on the types of fishing vessels or fish tender vessels included in the report. 
SEC. 319. INTERAGENCY COORDINATING COM-MITTEE ON OIL POLLUTION RE-SEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7001(a)(3) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2761(a)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Minerals Management Serv-ice’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Safety and Envi-ronmental Enforcement, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management,’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘the United States Arctic Re-search Commission,’’ after ‘‘National Aero-nautics and Space Administration,’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 7001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2761) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Depart-ment of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(8)(A), by striking ‘‘(1989)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2010)’’. 
SEC. 320. INTERNATIONAL PORT AND FACILITY INSPECTION COORDINATION. 
Section 825(a) of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (6 U.S.C. 945 note; Public Law 111–281) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (1) by striking ‘‘the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’ and inserting ‘‘Homeland Security’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘they are integrated and con-ducted by the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘the assessments are coordinated between the Coast Guard and Customs and Border Protection’’. TITLE IV—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION SEC. 401. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 308. Authorization of appropriations ‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated to the Federal Maritime Commission $24,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for the activi-ties of the Commission authorized under this chapter and subtitle IV.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘308. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
SEC. 402. DUTIES OF THE CHAIRMAN. 
Section 301(c)(3)(A) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in clause (ii) by striking ‘‘units, but only after consultation with the other Commis-sioners;’’ and inserting ‘‘units (with such ap-pointments subject to the approval of the Com-mission);’’; (2) in clause (iv) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in clause (v) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) prepare and submit to the President and the Congress requests for appropriations for the Commission (with such requests subject to the approval of the Commission).’’. 
SEC. 403. PROHIBITION ON AWARDS. 
Section 307 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Federal Maritime Com-mission’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a), the Federal Maritime Commission may not expend any funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available to it to a non-Federal en-tity to issue an award, prize, commendation, or other honor that is not related to the purposes set forth in section 40101.’’. TITLE V—CONVEYANCES Subtitle A—Miscellaneous Conveyances 
SEC. 501. CONVEYANCE OF COAST GUARD PROP-ERTY IN POINT REYES STATION, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall convey to the County of Marin, California all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the covered prop-erty— (A) for fair market value, as provided in para-graph (2); (B) subject to the conditions required by this section; and (C) subject to any other term or condition that the Commandant considers appropriate and rea-sonable to protect the interests of the United States. (2) F
AIR MARKET VALUE .—The fair market value of the covered property shall be— (A) determined by a real estate appraiser who has been selected by the County and is licensed to practice in California; and (B) approved by the Commandant. (3) P
ROCEEDS .—The Commandant shall de-posit the proceeds from a conveyance under paragraph (1) in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established by section 687 of title 14, United States Code. (b) C
ONDITION OF CONVEYANCE .—As a condi-tion of any conveyance of the covered property under this section, the Commandant shall re-quire that all right, title, and interest in and to the covered property shall revert to the United States if the covered property or any part there-of ceases to be used for affordable housing, as defined by the County and the Commandant at the time of conveyance, or to provide a public benefit approved by the County. (c) SURVEY .—The exact acreage and legal de-scription of the covered property shall be deter-mined by a survey satisfactory to the Com-mandant. (d) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to affect or limit the application of or obligation to comply with any environmental law, including section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). (e) C
OVERED PROPERTY DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered property’’ means the ap-proximately 32 acres of real property (including all improvements located on the property) that are— (1) located in Point Reyes Station in the County of Marin, California; (2) under the administrative control of the Coast Guard; and (3) described as ‘‘Parcel A, Tract 1’’, ‘‘Parcel B, Tract 2’’, ‘‘Parcel C’’, and ‘‘Parcel D’’ in the Declaration of Taking (Civil No. C 71–1245 SC) filed June 28, 1971, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. (f) E
XPIRATION .—The authority to convey the covered property under this section shall expire on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 502. CONVEYANCE OF COAST GUARD PROP-ERTY IN TOK, ALASKA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Com-mandant of the Coast Guard may convey to the Tanana Chiefs’ Conference all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the cov-ered property, upon payment to the United States of the fair market value of the covered property. (b) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal de-scription of the covered property shall be deter-mined by a survey satisfactory to the Com-mandant. (c) F
AIRMARKET VALUE.—The fair market value of the covered property shall be— (1) determined by appraisal; and (2) subject to the approval of the Com-mandant. (d) C
OSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—The responsi-bility for all reasonable and necessary costs, in-cluding real estate transaction and environ-mental documentation costs, associated with a conveyance under this section shall be deter-mined by the Commandant and the purchaser. (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Commandant may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with a conveyance under this section as the Commandant considers appropriate and reasonable to protect the inter-ests of the United States. (f) D
EPOSIT OF PROCEEDS .—Any proceeds re-ceived by the United States from a conveyance under this section shall be deposited in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established under section 687 of title 14, United States Code. (g) C
OVERED PROPERTY DEFINED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered property’’ means the approximately 3.25 acres of real property (including all im-provements located on the property) that are— (A) located in Tok, Alaska; (B) under the administrative control of the Coast Guard; and (C) described in paragraph (2). (2) D
ESCRIPTION .—The property described in this paragraph is the following: (A) Lots 11, 12 and 13, block ‘‘G’’, Second Ad-dition to Hartsell Subdivision, Section 20, Town-ship 18 North, Range 13 East, Copper River Me-ridian, Alaska as appears by Plat No. 72–39 filed in the Office of the Recorder for the Fairbanks Recording District of Alaska, bearing seal dated 25 September 1972, all containing approximately 1.25 acres and commonly known as 2–PLEX – Jackie Circle, Units A and B. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH414 February 1, 2016 
(B) Beginning at a point being the SE corner of the SE 
1⁄4of the SE 1⁄4Section 24, Township 18 North, Range 12 East, Copper River Merid-ian, Alaska; thence running westerly along the south line of said SE 
1⁄4of the NE 1⁄4260 feet; thence northerly parallel to the east line of said SE 
1⁄4of the NE 1⁄4335 feet; thence easterly par-allel to the south line 260 feet; then south 335 feet along the east boundary of Section 24 to the point of beginning; all containing approximately 2.0 acres and commonly known as 4–PLEX – West ‘‘C’’ and Willow, Units A, B, C and D. (h) E
XPIRATION .—The authority to convey the covered property under this section shall expire on the date that is 4 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Pribilof Islands 
SEC. 521. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Pribilof Is-land Transition Completion Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 522. TRANSFER AND DISPOSITION OF PROP-ERTY. 
(a) T RANSFER .—To further accomplish the set-tlement of land claims under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), the Secretary of Commerce shall, subject to paragraph (2), and notwithstanding section 105(a) of the Pribilof Islands Transition Act (16 U.S.C. 1161 note; Public Law 106–562), convey all right, title, and interest in the following property to the Alaska native village corpora-tion for St. Paul Island: (1) Lots 4, 5, and 6A, Block 18, Tract A, U.S. Survey 4943, Alaska, the plat of which was Offi-cially Filed on January 20, 2004, aggregating 13,006 square feet (0.30 acres). (2) On the termination of the license described in subsection (b)(3), T. 35 S., R. 131 W., Seward Meridian, Alaska, Tract 43, the plat of which was Officially Filed on May 14, 1986, containing 84.88 acres. (b) F
EDERAL USE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating may operate, maintain, keep, locate, inspect, re-pair, and replace any Federal aid to navigation located on the property described in subsection (a) as long as the aid is needed for navigational purposes. (2) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary may enter the prop-erty, at any time for as long as the aid is needed for navigational purposes, without notice to the extent that it is not practicable to provide ad-vance notice. (3) L
ICENSE .—The Secretary of the Depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating may maintain a license in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act with respect to the real property and improvements under sub-section (a) until the termination of the license. (4) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less than once every 2 years thereafter, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate a report on— (A) efforts taken to remediate contaminated soils on tract 43 described in subsection (a)(2); (B) a schedule for the completion of contami-nated soil remediation on tract 43; and (C) any use of tract 43 to carry out Coast Guard navigation activities. (c) A
GREEMENT ON TRANSFER OF OTHER PROP-
ERTY ON ST. PAULISLAND .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the property transferred under subsection (a), not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce and the pre-siding officer of the Alaska native village cor-poration for St. Paul Island shall enter into an agreement to exchange of property on Tracts 50 and 38 on St. Paul Island and to finalize the re-cording of deeds, to reflect the boundaries and ownership of Tracts 50 and 38 as depicted on a survey of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, to be filed with the Office of the Recorder for the Department of Natural Re-sources for the State of Alaska. (2) EASEMENTS .—The survey described in sub-section (a) shall include respective easements granted to the Secretary and the Alaska native village corporation for the purpose of utilities, drainage, road access, and salt lagoon conserva-tion. 
SEC. 523. NOTICE OF CERTIFICATION. 
Section 105 of the Pribilof Islands Transition Act (16 U.S.C. 1161 note; Public Law 106–562) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwithstanding para-graph (2) and effective beginning on the date the Secretary publishes the notice of certifi-cation required by subsection (b)(5), the Sec-retary’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘section 205 of the Fur Seal Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 1165)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 205(a) of the Fur Seal Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 1165(a))’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) N
OTICE OF CERTIFICATION .—The Sec- retary shall promptly publish and submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate notice that the certification described in paragraph (2) has been made.’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘makes the certification described in subsection (b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘publishes the notice of certification required by subsection (b)(5)’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Section 205’’ and inserting ‘‘Subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) of section 205’’; (4) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (g); and (5) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) N
OTIFICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the Secretary makes a determination under sub-section (f) that land on St. Paul Island, Alaska, not specified for transfer in the document enti-tled ‘Transfer of Property on the Pribilof Is-lands: Descriptions, Terms and Conditions’ or section 522 of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Act of 2015 is in excess of the needs of the Secretary and the Federal Government, the Secretary shall notify the Alaska native vil-lage corporation for St. Paul Island of the deter-mination. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION TO RECEIVE .—Not later than 60 days after the date receipt of the notification of the Secretary under subsection (a), the Alaska native village corporation for St. Paul Island shall notify the Secretary in writing whether the Alaska native village corporation elects to receive all right, title, and interest in the land or a portion of the land. ‘‘(3) T
RANSFER .—If the Alaska native village corporation provides notice under paragraph (2) that the Alaska native village corporation elects to receive all right, title and interest in the land or a portion of the land, the Secretary shall transfer all right, title, and interest in the land or portion to the Alaska native village corpora-tion at no cost. ‘‘(4) O
THER DISPOSITION .—If the Alaska native village corporation does not provide notice under paragraph (2) that the Alaska native vil-lage corporation elects to receive all right, title, and interest in the land or a portion of the land, the Secretary may dispose of the land in accord-ance with other applicable law. ‘‘(f) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this subsection and not less than once every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall determine whether property lo-cated on St. Paul Island and not transferred to the Natives of the Pribilof Islands is in excess of the smallest practicable tract enclosing land— ‘‘(A) needed by the Secretary for the purposes of carrying out the Fur Seal Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 1151 et seq.); ‘‘(B) in the case of land withdrawn by the Secretary on behalf of other Federal agencies, needed for carrying out the missions of those agencies for which land was withdrawn; or ‘‘(C) actually used by the Federal Government in connection with the administration of any Federal installation on St. Paul Island. ‘‘(2) REPORT OF DETERMINATION .—When a de-termination is made under subsection (a), the Secretary shall report the determination to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) the Alaska native village corporation for St. Paul Island.’’. 
SEC. 524. REDUNDANT CAPABILITY. 
(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Except as pro-vided in subsection (b), section 681 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, shall not be construed to prohibit any transfer or conveyance of lands under this subtitle or any actions that involve the dismantling or dis-posal of infrastructure that supported the former LORAN system that are associated with the transfer or conveyance of lands under sec-tion 522. (b) R
EDUNDANT CAPABILITY .—If, within the 5- year period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating de-termines that a facility on Tract 43, if trans-ferred under this subtitle, is subsequently re-quired to provide a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redundant capability in the event GPS signals are disrupted, the Sec-retary may— (1) operate, maintain, keep, locate, inspect, re-pair, and replace such facility; and (2) in carrying out the activities described in paragraph (1), enter, at any time, the facility without notice to the extent that it is not pos-sible to provide advance notice, for as long as such facility is needed to provide such capa-bility. Subtitle C—Conveyance of Coast Guard Property at Point Spencer, Alaska 
SEC. 531. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds as follows: (1) Major shipping traffic is increasing through the Bering Strait, the Bering and Chukchi Seas, and the Arctic Ocean, and will continue to increase whether or not development of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States is undertaken in the future, and will in-crease further if such Outer Continental Shelf development is undertaken. (2) There is a compelling national, State, Alaska Native, and private sector need for per-manent infrastructure development and for a presence in the Arctic region of Alaska by ap-propriate agencies of the Federal Government, particularly in proximity to the Bering Strait, to support and facilitate search and rescue, ship-ping safety, economic development, oil spill pre-vention and response, protection of Alaska Na-tive archaeological and cultural resources, port of refuge, arctic research, and maritime law en-forcement on the Bering Sea, the Chukchi Sea, and the Arctic Ocean. (3) The United States owns a parcel of land, known as Point Spencer, located between the Bering Strait and Port Clarence and adjacent to some of the best potential deepwater port sites on the coast of Alaska in the Arctic. (4) Prudent and effective use of Point Spencer may be best achieved through marshaling the energy, resources, and leadership of the public and private sectors. (5) It is in the national interest to develop in-frastructure at Point Spencer that would aid the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H415 February 1, 2016 
Coast Guard in performing its statutory duties and functions in the Arctic on a more perma-nent basis and to allow for public and private sector development of facilities and other infra-structure to support purposes that are of benefit to the United States. 
SEC. 532. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
RCTIC .—The term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). (2) BSNC.—The term ‘‘BSNC’’ means the Ber-ing Straits Native Corporation authorized under section 7 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1606). (3) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means the Port Coordination Council established under section 541. (4) P
LAN.—The term ‘‘Plan’’ means the Port Management Coordination Plan developed under section 541. (5) P
OINT SPENCER .—The term ‘‘Point Spen-cer’’ means the land known as ‘‘Point Spencer’’ located in Townships 2, 3, and 4 South, Range 40 West, Kateel River Meridian, Alaska, be-tween the Bering Strait and Port Clarence and withdrawn by Public Land Order 2650 (pub-lished in the Federal Register on April 12, 1962). (6) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise specifi-cally provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (7) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Alaska. (8) T
RACT.—The term ‘‘Tract’’ or ‘‘Tracts’’ means any of Tract 1, Tract 2, Tract 3, Tract 4, Tract 5, or Tract 6, as appropriate, or any por-tion of such Tract or Tracts. (9) T
RACTS 1 , 2, 3, 4, 5, AND 6 .—The terms ‘‘Tract 1’’, ‘‘Tract 2’’, ‘‘Tract 3’’, ‘‘Tract 4’’, ‘‘Tract 5’’, and ‘‘Tract 6’’ each mean the land generally depicted as Tract 1, Tract 2, Tract 3, Tract 4, Tract 5, or Tract 6, respectively, on the map entitled the ‘‘Point Spencer Land Retention and Conveyance Map’’, dated January 2015, and on file with the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of the Interior. 
SEC. 533. AUTHORITY TO CONVEY LAND IN POINT SPENCER. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOCONVEY TRACTS 1, 3, AND 4.—Within 1 year after the Secretary notifies the Secretary of the Interior that the Coast Guard no longer needs to retain jurisdiction of Tract 1, Tract 3, or Tract 4 and subject to section 534, the Secretary of the Interior shall convey to BSNC or the State, subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the surface and subsurface es-tates of that Tract in accordance with sub-section (d). (b) A
UTHORITY TOCONVEY TRACTS 2 AND5.— Within 1 year after the date of the enactment of this section and subject to section 534, the Sec-retary of the Interior shall convey, subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the surface and subsurface estates of Tract 2 and Tract 5 in ac-cordance with subsection (d). (c) A
UTHORITY TO TRANSFER TRACT 6.—Within one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and subject to sections 534 and 535, the Sec-retary of the Interior shall convey, subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the surface and subsurface estates of Tract 6 in accordance with subsection (e). (d) O
RDER OF OFFER TO CONVEY TRACT 1, 2, 3, 4, 
OR5.— (1) D
ETERMINATION AND OFFER .— (A) T
RACT 1 , 3, OR 4.—If the Secretary makes the determination under subsection (a) and sub-ject to section 534, the Secretary of the Interior shall offer Tract 1, Tract 3, or Tract 4 for con-veyance to BSNC under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.). (B) T
RACT 2 AND 5 .—Subject to section 534, the Secretary of the Interior shall offer Tract 2 and Tract 5 to BSNC under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.). (2) OFFER TO BSNC .— (A) A
CCEPTANCE BY BSNC .—If BSNC chooses to accept an offer of conveyance of a Tract under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Interior shall consider Tract 6 as within BSNC’s entitle-ment under section 14(h)(8) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1613(h)(8)) and shall convey such Tract to BSNC. (B) D
ECLINE BY BSNC .—If BSNC declines to accept an offer of conveyance of a Tract under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Interior shall offer such Tract for conveyance to the State under the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85–508). (3) O
FFER TO STATE .— (A) A
CCEPTANCE BY STATE .—If the State chooses to accept an offer of conveyance of a Tract under paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary of the Interior shall consider such Tract as within the State’s entitlement under the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska State-hood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85–508) and shall convey such Tract to the State. (B) D
ECLINE BY STATE .—If the State declines to accept an offer of conveyance of a Tract of-fered under paragraph (2)(B), such Tract shall be disposed of pursuant to applicable public land laws. (e) O
RDER OF OFFER TO CONVEY TRACT 6.— (1) O
FFER.—Subject to section 534, the Sec-retary of the Interior shall offer Tract 6 for con-veyance to the State. (2) O
FFER TO STATE .— (A) A
CCEPTANCE BY STATE .—If the State chooses to accept an offer of conveyance of Tract 6 under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Interior shall consider Tract 6 as within the State’s entitlement under the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85– 508) and shall convey Tract 6 to the State. (B) D
ECLINE BY STATE .—If the State declines to accept an offer of conveyance of Tract 6 under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall offer Tract 6 for conveyance to BSNC under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.). (3) O
FFER TO BSNC .— (A) A
CCEPTANCE BY BSNC .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), if BSNC chooses to accept an offer of conveyance of Tract 6 under paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary of the Interior shall consider Tract 6 as within BSNC’s entitlement under section 14(h)(8) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1613(h)(8)) and shall convey Tract 6 to BSNC. (ii) L
EASE BY THE STATE .—The conveyance of Tract 6 to BSNC shall be subject to BSNC nego-tiating a lease of Tract 6 to the State at no cost to the State, if the State requests such a lease. (B) D
ECLINE BY BSNC .—If BSNC declines to accept an offer of conveyance of Tract 6 under paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary of the Interior shall dispose of Tract 6 pursuant to the applica-ble public land laws. 
SEC. 534. ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE, LIABIL-ITY, AND MONITORING. 
(a) E NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE .—Nothing in this Act or any amendment made by this Act may be construed to affect or limit the applica-tion of or obligation to comply with any appli-cable environmental law, including section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). (b) L
IABILITY .—A person to which a convey-ance is made under this subtitle shall hold the United States harmless from any liability with respect to activities carried out on or after the date of the conveyance of the real property con-veyed. The United States shall remain respon-sible for any liability with respect to activities carried out before such date on the real property conveyed. (c) MONITORING OF KNOWN CONTAMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent practicable and subject to paragraph (2), any contamina-tion in a Tract to be conveyed to the State or BSNC under this subtitle that— (A) is identified in writing prior to the convey-ance; and (B) does not pose an immediate or long-term risk to human health or the environment; may be routinely monitored and managed by the State or BSNC, as applicable, through institu-tional controls. (2) I
NSTITUTIONAL CONTROLS .—Institutional controls may be used if— (A) the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Governor of the State concur that such controls are protective of human health and the environment; and (B) such controls are carried out in accord-ance with Federal and State law. 
SEC. 535. EASEMENTS AND ACCESS. 
(a) U SE BY COAST GUARD .—The Secretary of the Interior shall make each conveyance of any relevant Tract under this subtitle subject to an easement granting the Coast Guard, at no cost to the Coast Guard— (1) use of all existing and future landing pads, airstrips, runways, and taxiways that are lo-cated on such Tract; and (2) the right to access such landing pads, air-strips, runways, and taxiways. (b) U
SE BY STATE.—For any Tract conveyed to BSNC under this subtitle, BSNC shall provide to the State, if requested and pursuant to nego-tiated terms with the State, an easement grant-ing to the State, at no cost to the State— (1) use of all existing and future landing pads, airstrips, runways, and taxiways located on such Tract; and (2) a right to access such landing pads, air-strips, runways, and taxiways. (c) R
IGHT OF ACCESS OR RIGHT OF WAY.—If the State requests a right of access or right of way for a road from the airstrip to the southern tip of Point Spencer, the location of such right of access or right of way shall be determined by the State, in consultation with the Secretary and BSNC, so that such right of access or right of way is compatible with other existing or planned infrastructure development at Point Spencer. (d) A
CCESS EASEMENT ACROSS TRACTS 2, 5, 
AND6.—In conveyance documents to the State and BSNC under this subtitle, the Coast Guard shall retain an access easement across Tracts 2, 5, and 6 reasonably necessary to afford the Coast Guard with access to Tracts 1, 3, and 4 for its operations. (e) A
CCESS .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Coast Guard shall provide to the State and BSNC, ac-cess to Tracts for planning, design, and engi-neering related to remediation and use of and construction on those Tracts. (f) P
UBLIC ACCESS EASEMENTS .—No public ac-cess easements may be reserved to the United States under section 17(b) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1616(b)) with respect to the land conveyed under this subtitle. 
SEC. 536. RELATIONSHIP TO PUBLIC LAND ORDER 2650. 
(a) T RACTS NOTCONVEYED .—Any Tract that is not conveyed under this subtitle shall remain withdrawn pursuant to Public Land Order 2650 (published in the Federal Register on April 12, 1962). (b) T
RACTS CONVEYED .—For any Tract con-veyed under this subtitle, Public Land Order 2650 shall automatically terminate upon issuance of a conveyance document issued pur-suant to this subtitle for such Tract. 
SEC. 537. ARCHEOLOGICAL AND CULTURAL RE-SOURCES. 
Conveyance of any Tract under this subtitle shall not affect investigations, criminal jurisdic-tion, and responsibilities regarding theft or van-dalism of archeological or cultural resources lo-cated in or on such Tract that took place prior to conveyance under this subtitle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH416 February 1, 2016 
SEC. 538. MAPS AND LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS. 
(a) P REPARATION OF MAPS AND LEGAL DE-
SCRIPTIONS .—As soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior in consultation with the Sec-retary shall prepare maps and legal descriptions of Tract 1, Tract 2, Tract 3, Tract 4, Tract 5, and Tract 6. In doing so, the Secretary of the Interior may use metes and bounds legal de-scriptions based upon the official survey plats of Point Spencer accepted by the Bureau of Land Management on December 6, 1978, and on infor-mation provided by the Secretary. (b) S
URVEY .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall survey Tracts conveyed under this subtitle and patent the Tracts in ac-cordance with the official plats of survey. (c) L
EGAL EFFECT .—The maps and legal de-scriptions prepared under subsection (a) and the surveys prepared under subsection (b) shall have the same force and effect as if the maps and legal descriptions were included in this Act. (d) C
ORRECTIONS .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior may correct any clerical and typographical errors in the maps and legal descriptions pre-pared under subsection (a) and the surveys pre-pared under subsection (b). (e) A
VAILABILITY .—Copies of the maps and legal descriptions prepared under subsection (a) and the surveys prepared under subsection (b) shall be available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of— (1) the Bureau of Land Management; and (2) the Coast Guard. 
SEC. 539. CHARGEABILITY FOR LAND CONVEYED. 
(a) C ONVEYANCES TO ALASKA .—The Secretary of the Interior shall charge any conveyance of land conveyed to the State of Alaska pursuant to this subtitle against the State’s remaining en-titlement under section 6(b) of the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska State-hood Act’’; Public Law 85–508: 72 Stat. 339). (b) C
ONVEYANCES TO BSNC.—The Secretary of the Interior shall charge any conveyance of land conveyed to BSNC pursuant to this sub-title, against BSNC’s remaining entitlement under section 14(h)(8) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1613(h)(8)). 
SEC. 540. REDUNDANT CAPABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), section 681 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, shall not be con-strued to prohibit any transfer or conveyance of lands under this subtitle or any actions that in-volve the dismantling or disposal of infrastruc-ture that supported the former LORAN system that are associated with the transfer or convey-ance of lands under this subtitle. (b) C
ONTINUED ACCESS TO AND USE OF FACILI -
TIES.—If the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating determines, within the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, that a facility on any of Tract 1, Tract 3, or Tract 4 that is trans-ferred under this subtitle is subsequently re-quired to provide a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redundant capability in the event GPS signals are disrupted, the Sec-retary may, for as long as such facility is need-ed to provide redundant capability— (1) operate, maintain, keep, locate, inspect, re-pair, and replace such facility; and (2) in carrying out the activities described in paragraph (1), enter, at any time, the facility without notice to the extent that it is not pos-sible to provide advance notice. 
SEC. 541. PORT COORDINATION COUNCIL FOR POINT SPENCER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Port Coordination Council for the Port of Point Spencer. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Council shall consist of a representative appointed by each of the fol-lowing: (1) The State. (2) BSNC. (c) DUTIES .—The duties of the Council are as follows: (1) To develop a Port Management Coordina-tion Plan to help coordinate infrastructure de-velopment and operations at the Port of Point Spencer, that includes plans for— (A) construction; (B) funding eligibility; (C) land use planning and development; and (D) public interest use and access, emergency preparedness, law enforcement, protection of Alaska Native archaeological and cultural re-sources, and other matters that are necessary for public and private entities to function in proximity together in a remote location. (2) Update the Plan annually for the first 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act and biennially thereafter. (3) Facilitate coordination among BSNC, the State, and the Coast Guard, on the development and use of the land and coastline as such devel-opment relates to activities at the Port of Point Spencer. (4) Assess the need, benefits, efficacy, and de-sirability of establishing in the future a port au-thority at Point Spencer under State law and act upon that assessment, as appropriate, in-cluding taking steps for the potential formation of such a port authority. (d) P
LAN.—In addition to the requirements under subsection (c)(1) to the greatest extent practicable, the Plan developed by the Council shall facilitate and support the statutory mis-sions and duties of the Coast Guard and oper-ations of the Coast Guard in the Arctic. (e) C
OSTS.—Operations and management costs for airstrips, runways, and taxiways at Point Spencer shall be determined pursuant to provi-sions of the Plan, as negotiated by the Council. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 601. MODIFICATION OF REPORTS. 
(a) D ISTANT WATER TUNA FLEET.—Section 421(d) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Act of 2006 (46 U.S.C. 8103 note) is amended by striking ‘‘On March 1, 2007, and annually thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than July 1 of each year’’. (b) A
NNUAL UPDATES ON LIMITS TO LIABIL -
ITY.—Section 603(c)(3) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 2704 note) is amended by striking ‘‘on an annual basis.’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than January 30 of the year following each year in which oc-curs an oil discharge from a vessel or nonvessel source that results or is likely to result in re-moval costs and damages (as those terms are de-fined in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701)) that exceed liability limits established under section 1004 of the Oil Pollu-tion Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2704).’’. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating a report detailing the speci-fications and capabilities for interoperable com-munications the Commandant determines are necessary to allow the Coast Guard to success-fully carry out its missions that require commu-nications with other Federal agencies, State and local governments, and nongovernmental enti-ties. 
SEC. 602. SAFE VESSEL OPERATION IN THE GREAT LAKES. 
The Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281) is amended— (1) in section 610, by— (A) striking the section enumerator and head-ing and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 610. SAFE VESSEL OPERATION IN THE GREAT LAKES.’’; 
(B) striking ‘‘existing boundaries and any fu-ture expanded boundaries of the Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary and Underwater Preserve’’ and inserting ‘‘boundaries of any na-tional marine sanctuary that preserves ship-wrecks or maritime heritage in the Great Lakes’’; and (C) inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, unless the designation documents for such sanctuary do not allow taking up or discharging ballast water in such sanctuary’’; and (2) in the table of contents in section 2, by striking the item relating to such section and in-serting the following: ‘‘Sec. 610. Safe vessel operation in the Great Lakes.’’. SEC. 603. USE OF VESSEL SALE PROCEEDS. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit of funds credited in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004 to the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund that are attributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sections 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, including— (1) a complete accounting of all vessel sale proceeds attributable to the sale of obsolete ves-sels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sections 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004; (2) the annual apportionment of proceeds ac-counted for under paragraph (1) among the uses authorized under section 308704 of title 54, United States Code, in each fiscal year after fis-cal year 2004, including— (A) for National Maritime Heritage Grants, in-cluding a list of all annual National Maritime Heritage Grant grant and subgrant awards that identifies the respective grant and subgrant re-cipients and grant and subgrant amounts; (B) for the preservation and presentation to the public of maritime heritage property of the Maritime Administration; (C) to the United States Merchant Marine Academy and State maritime academies, includ-ing a list of annual awards; and (D) for the acquisition, repair, reconditioning, or improvement of vessels in the National De-fense Reserve Fleet; and (3) an accounting of proceeds, if any, attrib-utable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the Na-tional Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sections 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004, that were expended for uses not authorized under section 308704 of title 54, United States Code. (b) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit the audit conducted in subsection (a) to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 604. NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES COST ASSESSMENT. 
(a) C OSTASSESSMENT .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall seek to enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences under which the Academy, by no later than 365 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment of the costs incurred by the Federal Government to carry out polar icebreaking mis-sions. The assessment shall— (1) describe current and emerging require-ments for the Coast Guard’s polar icebreaking capabilities, taking into account the rapidly changing ice cover in the Arctic environment, national security considerations, and expanding commercial activities in the Arctic and Ant-arctic, including marine transportation, energy development, fishing, and tourism; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H417 February 1, 2016 
(2) identify potential design, procurement, leasing, service contracts, crewing, and tech-nology options that could minimize life-cycle costs and optimize efficiency and reliability of Coast Guard polar icebreaker operations in the Arctic and Antarctic; and (3) examine— (A) Coast Guard estimates of the procurement and operating costs of a Polar icebreaker capa-ble of carrying out Coast Guard maritime safety, national security, and stewardship responsibil-ities including— (i) economies of scale that might be achieved for construction of multiple vessels; and (ii) costs of renovating existing polar class ice-breakers to operate for a period of no less than 10 years. (B) the incremental cost to augment the de-sign of such an icebreaker for multiuse capabili-ties for scientific missions; (C) the potential to offset such incremental cost through cost-sharing agreements with other Federal departments and agencies; and (D) United States polar icebreaking capability in comparison with that of other Arctic nations, and with nations that conduct research in the Arctic. (b) I
NCLUDED COSTS.—For purposes of sub-section (a), the assessment shall include costs incurred by the Federal Government for— (1) the lease or operation and maintenance of the vessel or vessels concerned; (2) disposal of such vessels at the end of the useful life of the vessels; (3) retirement and other benefits for Federal employees who operate such vessels; and (4) interest payments assumed to be incurred for Federal capital expenditures. (c) A
SSUMPTIONS .—For purposes of comparing the costs of such alternatives, the Academy shall assume that— (1) each vessel under consideration is— (A) capable of breaking out McMurdo Station and conducting Coast Guard missions in the Antarctic, and in the United States territory in the Arctic (as that term is defined in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111)); and (B) operated for a period of 30 years; (2) the acquisition of services and the oper-ation of each vessel begins on the same date; and (3) the periods for conducting Coast Guard missions in the Arctic are of equal lengths. (d) U
SE OF INFORMATION .—In formulating cost pursuant to subsection (a), the National Acad-emy of Sciences may utilize information from other Coast Guard reports, assessments, or anal-yses regarding existing Coast Guard Polar class icebreakers or for the acquisition of a polar ice-breaker for the Federal Government. 
SEC. 605. COASTWISE ENDORSEMENTS. 
(a) ‘‘E LETTRA III’’.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 12112 and 12132, of title 46, United States Code, and subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may issue a certificate of documentation with a coastwise endorsement for the vessel M/V Elettra III (United States official number 694607). (2) L
IMITATION ON OPERATION .—Coastwise trade authorized under a certificate of docu-mentation issued under paragraph (1) shall be limited to the carriage of passengers and equip-ment in association with the operation of the vessel in the Puget Sound region to support ma-rine and maritime science education. (3) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS OF CER -
TIFICATE .—A certificate of documentation issued under paragraph (1) shall expire on the earlier of— (A) the date of the sale of the vessel or the en-tity that owns the vessel; (B) the date any repairs or alterations are made to the vessel outside of the United States; or (C) the date the vessel is no longer operated as a vessel in the Puget Sound region to support the marine and maritime science education. (b) ‘‘F/V RONDYS ’’.—Notwithstanding section 12132 of title 46, United States Code, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may issue a certificate of documentation with a coastwise endorsement for the F/V Rondys (O.N. 291085) 
SEC. 606. INTERNATIONAL ICE PATROL. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report that describes the current operations to perform the International Ice Patrol mission and on alternatives for carrying out that mis-sion, including satellite surveillance technology. (b) A
LTERNATIVES .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include whether an alter-native— (1) provides timely data on ice conditions with the highest possible resolution and accuracy; (2) is able to operate in all weather conditions or any time of day; and (3) is more cost effective than the cost of cur-rent operations. 
SEC. 607. ASSESSMENT OF OIL SPILL RESPONSE AND CLEANUP ACTIVITIES IN THE GREAT LAKES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the head of any other agen-cy the Commandant determines appropriate, shall conduct an assessment of the effectiveness of oil spill response activities specific to the Great Lakes. Such assessment shall include— (1) an evaluation of new research into oil spill impacts in fresh water under a wide range of conditions; and (2) an evaluation of oil spill prevention and clean up contingency plans, in order to improve understanding of oil spill impacts in the Great Lakes and foster innovative improvements to safety technologies and environmental protec-tion systems. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Congress a report on the results of the assessment required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 608. REPORT ON STATUS OF TECHNOLOGY DETECTING PASSENGERS WHO HAVE FALLEN OVERBOARD. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— (1) describes the status of technology for im-mediately detecting passengers who have fallen overboard; (2) includes a recommendation to cruise lines on the feasibility of implementing technology that immediately detects passengers who have fallen overboard, factoring in cost and the risk of false positives; (3) includes data collected from cruise lines on the status of the integration of the technology described in paragraph (2) on cruise ships, in-cluding— (A) the number of cruise ships that have the technology to capture images of passengers who have fallen overboard; and (B) the number of cruise lines that have tested technology that can detect passengers who have fallen overboard; and (4) includes information on any other avail-able technologies that cruise ships could inte-grate to assist in facilitating the search and res-cue of a passenger who has fallen overboard. SEC. 609. VENUE. 
Section 311(d) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fish-ery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1861(d)) is amended by striking the sec-ond sentence and inserting ‘‘In the case of Ha-waii or any possession of the United States in the Pacific Ocean, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii, except that in the case of Guam and Wake Island, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of Guam, and in the case of the Northern Mariana Islands, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of the Northern Mariana Islands.’’. 
SEC. 610. DISPOSITION OF INFRASTRUCTURE RE-LATED TO E-LORAN. 
(a) D ISPOSITION OF INFRASTRUCTURE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 681. Disposition of infrastructure related to E–LORAN ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary may not carry out activities related to the dismantling or disposal of infrastructure comprising the LORAN–C system until the date on which the Secretary provides to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate notice of a determina-tion by the Secretary that such infrastructure is not required to provide a positioning, naviga-tion, and timing system to provide redundant capability in the event the Global Positioning System signals are disrupted. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) does not apply to activities necessary for the safety of human life. ‘‘(c) D
ISPOSITION OF PROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—On any date after the noti-fication is made under subsection (a), the Ad-ministrator of General Services, acting on behalf of the Secretary, may, notwithstanding any other provision of law, sell any real and per-sonal property under the administrative control of the Coast Guard and used for the LORAN–C system, subject to such terms and conditions that the Secretary believes to be necessary to protect government interests and program re-quirements of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF PROCEEDS .— ‘‘(A) A
VAILABILITY OF PROCEEDS .—The pro- ceeds of such sales, less the costs of sale in-curred by the General Services Administration, shall be deposited as offsetting collections into the Coast Guard ‘Environmental Compliance and Restoration’ account and, without further appropriation, shall be available until expended for— ‘‘(i) environmental compliance and restoration purposes associated with the LORAN–C system; ‘‘(ii) the costs of securing and maintaining equipment that may be used as a backup to the Global Positioning System or to meet any other Federal navigation requirement; ‘‘(iii) the demolition of improvements on such real property; and ‘‘(iv) the costs associated with the sale of such real and personal property, including due dili-gence requirements, necessary environmental re-mediation, and reimbursement of expenses in-curred by the General Services Administration. ‘‘(B) O
THER ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND  
RESTORATION ACTIVITIES .—After the completion of activities described in subparagraph (A), the unexpended balances of such proceeds shall be available for any other environmental compli-ance and restoration activities of the Coast Guard.’’ (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘681. Disposition of infrastructure related to E– LORAN.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH418 February 1, 2016 
(3) C ONFORMING REPEALS .— (A) Section 229 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3040), and the item relating to that section in section 2 of such Act, are repealed. (B) Subsection 559(e) of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–83; 123 Stat. 2180) is repealed. (b) A
GREEMENTS TODEVELOP BACKUP POSI-
TIONING , NAVIGATION , AND TIMING SYSTEM .— Section 93(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end of paragraph (23), by striking the pe-riod at the end of paragraph (24) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the following the following: ‘‘(25) enter into cooperative agreements, con-tracts, and other agreements with Federal enti-ties and other public or private entities, includ-ing academic entities, to develop a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redun-dant capability in the event Global Positioning System signals are disrupted, which may consist of an enhanced LORAN system.’’. 
SEC. 611. PARKING. 
Section 611(a) of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3064) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—Through September 30, 2017, additional parking made available under paragraph (2) shall be made available at no cost to the Coast Guard or members and employees of the Coast Guard.’’. 
SEC. 612. INAPPLICABILITY OF LOAD LINE RE-QUIREMENTS TO CERTAIN UNITED STATES VESSELS TRAVELING IN THE GULF OF MEXICO. 
Section 5102(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) a vessel of the United States on a domes-tic voyage that is within the Gulf of Mexico and operating not more than 15 nautical miles sea-ward of the base line from which the territorial sea of the United States is measured between Crystal Bay, Florida and Hudson Creek, Flor-ida.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4188. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand here with my good friend from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ), and it looks like the third time is the charm for the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015. After twice passing an authorization bill to the Senate in 2015, we finally have before us a Senate-passed bill. H.R. 4188, as amended by the Senate, is very similar to the legislation which passed the House in December of 2015. It makes several reforms to Coast Guard authorities, as well as laws gov-erning shipping and navigation. It is important legislation that will assist the Coast Guard in fulfilling its mis-sions. I thank the committee ranking mem-bers, Mr. DEFAZIO and Mr. G ARAMENDI , for their hard work and their efforts, and Chairman S
HUSTER for his leader-ship. Our collective interests to sup-port the Coast Guard and its many missions allowed for the development of the bill before us today. The members of the Coast Guard do a tremendous job for our Nation. Coast Guard servicemembers place their lives on the line and at risk on a daily basis to save those in danger, ensure the safety and security of our ports and waterways, and protect our environ-mental resources. Passing H.R. 4188 will help rebuild and strengthen the Coast Guard. It will also demonstrate the strong support Congress has for the men and women of the Coast Guard and the deep apprecia-tion we have for the sacrifices they make for our Nation. b1900 I thank John Rayfield, who is on my staff, and the Democrats’ staff for what they have done on this bill. I thank Reyna Hernandez McGrail for the work that she put in, and I thank Com-mander Burdian, with the Coast Guard, who liaised with us on a daily basis to get this done. I urge all Members to support H.R. 4188 as amended by the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am pleased to be here again, at the beginning of another year, to rise to join Chairman H
UNTER in strong sup-port of legislation to authorize funding for the United States Coast Guard and to advance new policy initiatives to strengthen the prospects for the U.S. flag and the U.S. maritime industry. H.R. 4188, the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2015, is very carefully craft-ed bipartisan-bicameral legislation that has been developed over the course of far too long. It should have and could have been done last year, but here we are. I thank the Senate. I guess I should be a little more kind to the other House. Several months of negotiation with Members of the Senate have finally concluded. This bill is deserving of ro-bust support from Members on both sides of the aisle, and I urge its quick passage by the House today so it can be enrolled and sent to the President for his signature. I thank Chairman H
UNTER for his leadership and cooperative spirit in working with me and the other Demo-crats to address our interests and con-cerns. The willingness of Chairman H
UNTER and of his outstanding staff on the Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Subcommittee to collaborate and work with the minority is very, very much appreciated. Now, the bill is not perfect. In fact, I haven’t seen one in the years I have been here, and that has been a few years now; but that is the case with virtually every piece of bipartisan leg-islation that has been passed by Con-gress. On balance, the benefits of this bill really outweigh any detrimental aspects. I am pleased this legislation will pro-vide an increased authorized funding level for the Coast Guard for the next 2 fiscal years. Our Coast Guard has suf-fered over the past 3 to 4 fiscal years due to insufficient budgets. The au-thorized funding levels in this legisla-tion, along with the increased appro-priation in the fiscal year 2016 omnibus bill, are a marked improvement. The importance of budget stability to the men and women of the Coast Guard cannot be overstated. Coastguardsmen and -women are pressed daily to meet the arduous demands of the service’s 11 statutory missions which scatter them over seven different continents and every ocean. In fact, last week, I saw three of our cutters at the dock in Bah-rain working to preserve our interests in the Persian Gulf. The last thing our Coast Guard needs is to face recurrent budget uncertain-ties, a circumstance which leaves the service’s leadership unable to know ex-actly what resources and capabilities they have available to perform vital national security functions, such as ad-dressing port and harbor security, ille-gal drug and migrant interdiction, search and rescue, law enforcement and environmental response actions, and several other important activities. This legislation will also strengthen our national security through provi-sions that enhance policies that govern foreign port security assignments. Oth-ers that bolster the coordination of international port inspections, con-ducted by the Coast Guard and our for-eign partners, will help better ensure that critical maritime infrastructure does not become a liability for national security. Additionally, language included in the bill will strengthen the Coast Guard’s maritime drug enforcement authority, which should improve the Federal Government’s activities in the Western Hemisphere to combat illegal drug trafficking, which has had a sub-stantial destabilizing effect on several nations across the region. I am also very pleased that this legis-lation continues to move the ball down the field in an effort to strengthen and to recapitalize a new fleet of polar class heavy icebreakers for the Coast Guard. It is clear that we are witnessing the opening of the Arctic to maritime com-merce. We have got to do something, and this bill puts us on the road to doing that. In this most challenging of maritime environments, it is vital that the service has the icebreaking capa-bilities it will need to operate safely and effectively; so we will figure out whether the Polar Sea can actually be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.036 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H419 February 1, 2016 
refitted. Additionally, this legislation authorizes funding to allow the Coast Guard to maintain progress in final-izing requirements and in initiating preliminary designs for a new heavy icebreaker. In moving to an end here, I am pleased that the legislation includes language to continue to preserve the remaining infrastructure at the former LORAN–C stations until such time that the administration makes a final deci-sion on whether to build an enhanced LORAN, or E–LORAN, infrastructure as a reliable land-based, low-frequency backup navigation and timing signal for the global positioning satellite sig-nal, which, I think, most of us know is the single point of failure for most of the American economy and for a good deal of our military. The GPS signal is fairly easy to corrupt, to degrade, or to otherwise disrupt. For this reason, we need to think seriously about a backup, and this bill sets us on the right course. This administration needs to make a decision on this, and it should make it now. The language in this legislation ensures that we will have available in the future the remaining LORAN–C in-frastructure. I look forward to working with Chairman S
HUSTER , with Ranking Member D
EFAZIO, and, of course, with Chairman H
UNTER in advancing this initiative wherever and whenever pos-sible. Again, I thank Chairman H
UNTER and his staff for their support for the Coast Guard and the U.S. maritime industry and for their cooperation and leader-ship in pulling this bill together. Of course, Congressman S
HUSTER , who is the chairman of the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee, and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO also de-serve thanks for their leadership and contributions. I thank my staff and the majority’s staff for the work that they have done. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member and the chairman for the good work that has gone into this very important bill. As somebody who represents one-third of the Cali-fornia coast, obviously, this legislation is important to me. I want to espe-cially thank the chairman and ranking member for one part of this legislation that has special significance to the people of Marin County, whom I am honored to represent. Finding affordable housing in Marin County is very difficult, and it has only gotten harder since the Great Reces-sion and since the rebound in the real estate market. That has had an impact on the families I represent. It has had an impact on businesses and on folks in agriculture who can’t find the full-time staff that they need because they can’t afford to live in the community. Section 501 of this bill is going to help in a very significant way to ad-dress this housing crunch in West Marin. It is going to take some Coast Guard property that is excess property and sell it at fair market value to the County of Marin. This will be a win- win for the County of Marin and also for the Coast Guard. I look forward to seeing the county begin working with local partners on repurposing this property for the public benefit of af-fordable housing. We still have a long way to go to make sure that working families in places like Marin County and every-place else have access to quality hous-ing, but this bill is an important step for at least one community that I rep-resent. I thank the tireless group of advo-cates who have worked on this, espe-cially West Marin County Supervisor Steve Kinsey, Kim Thompson, and all of those at the Community Land Trust Association of West Marin, and others. Finally, I thank Ranking Member DEFAZIO and Chairman S HUSTER as well as the subcommittee members and staff. I thank very much the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. If I might just close by saying a spe-cial ‘‘thank you’’ to the chairman and his staff, to my staff—David—and to my own team on this. Also, this really was a bipartisan bill; so I thank Chair-man T
HUNE and the ranking Democrat on the committee, B
ILLNELSON , for their efforts in putting together this bill. Let’s get this job done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, the Coast Guard in the fu-ture is going to fulfill a much greater role than it has filled since its incep-tion. As you have weapons of mass de-struction become ubiquitous through-out the world, the bad guys are going to use the same routes that they use to smuggle drugs and people to smuggle weapons of mass destruction into this country. It is my belief and Mr. G
ARAMENDI ’s firm belief that the Coast Guard is going to play a major, pivotal role going forward. After the Iranian deal goes through, who knows who is going to have nuclear weapons. It is going to be the Coast Guard that interdicts and stops them on those same drug routes that they are going to be taking with those weapons of mass destruction; so it is important that we make sure that they are staffed, that they are capable, and that they are ready to do what we need them to do as a nation, even if it is different than what they have done for the last few hundred years. I also thank my staff and Mr. G
ARAMENDI ’s staff and my personal staff for their time and effort. I will even squeak in a thank-you for the Senate for just finally getting it done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4188, the ‘‘Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2015’’, as amended by the Senate. This legislation is virtually the same bill that the House passed last December by voice vote. I urge Members from both sides of the aisle to again support this important mari-time legislation. As I noted when the bill passed the House late last year, this legislation reflects a sen-sible compromise negotiated with the other body that, most importantly, would provide in-creased authorized funding levels and budget stability for the Coast Guard for the next two years. Combined with the matching increases in FY 2016 appropriations contained in the re-cently-enacted Consolidated Appropriations Act, we will have provided a solid foundation to build from in the coming fiscal year. Additionally, the legislation includes provi-sions to improve Coast Guard mission effec-tiveness, continue efforts to recapitalize the Service’s aging vessels and other assets—es-pecially the need for new polar icebreakers— and enhance maritime security and safety pol-icy. Importantly, the bill extends the existing statutory prohibition preventing the Coast Guard from closing its air facility, or AIRFAC, located in Newport, Oregon. Due to budget cuts, in 2014, the Coast Guard threatened to close the Newport AIRFAC—which handles one-half of the emer-gency search and rescue response calls on the Central Oregon Coast. In fact, only last week a 40-foot crabbing vessel capsized a mile from the entrance to Coos Bay, throwing four fishermen into the frigid and perilous waters of the North Pacific Ocean. This incident again demonstrates that calamity can strike at anytime off the Oregon Coast. It underscores the importance of keep-ing a strong AIRFAC presence along the Or-egon coastline, to ensure the safety of Or-egon’s fishing industry, and the people who live, recreate, or work along the coast. This legislation extends the existing statu-tory prohibition for an additional two years, and likely longer, depending on whether the Coast Guard completes some necessary plan-ning to address the looming need to recapi-talize its two helicopter fleets. Moreover, after the prohibition expires, this legislation authorizes a rigorous administrative process that the Coast Guard must follow be-fore it can close any AIRFAC. In the future, the Coast Guard must prompt-ly notify Members of Congress representing affected areas and convene public meetings in communities within the area of responsibility of the AIRFAC to gather information on how the closure would affect residents and visitors. In its totality, this provision will ensure that any future proposal to close an AIRFAC will be vetted extensively through a transparent, public process; a process that will ensure that the Coast Guard’s search and rescue capabili-ties are the absolute last place any one should consider cutting in the Coast Guard’s budget. I want to thank the Chairman of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Congressman B
ILLSHUSTER , for his leadership on this legislation. I also want to express my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.043 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH420 February 1, 2016 
appreciation for the very constructive and bi-partisan working relationship we have devel-oped to advance the agenda of the Committee this Congress. This legislation is a great start to 2016. I also want to thank the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, Congressman D
UNCAN HUN-
TER, and Ranking Member J OHN GARAMENDI , for their support for this provision, and for their close cooperation and contributions throughout negotiations with the other body. In closing, Mr. Speaker, the final legislation before the House is a sensible, bipartisan product that supports our Nation’s Coast Guard. And while admittedly not perfect, this legislation is something that Members on both sides of the aisle should readily support. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this critical legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 4188. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PENN STATE POLICE OFFICER STEW NEFF MARKS 50 YEARS OF SERVICE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I deeply admire the serv-ice of policemen and -women who serve across Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congres-sional District; but, today, I rise to note Lieutenant Stew Neff’s service. He has been a member of the Penn State University Police Department for the past five decades. Lieutenant Neff was born and raised not too far from State College, and he joined the Penn State Police Depart-ment as a dispatcher on January 10, 1966. Since then, he has filled many roles, most recently as a training offi-cer, as a firearms instructor, and as a special events coordinator for the past 13 years. As a sign of his longevity with the department, consider that the current assistant chief went to high school with Lieutenant Neff’s daughter. At a time when so many people switch jobs at the drop of a hat, Stew’s dedication to the Penn State Police Department and to the university, itself, is highly commendable. Lieutenant Neff isn’t planning on re-tiring soon. He says that he still loves his job and embraces the opportunity to serve his community as a member of the Penn State Police Department. I wish Stew the best of luck as his career continues. MAJOR SHAWN CAMPBELL; COR-PORAL MATTHEW DROWN— TEXAS MARINES (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, while patrolling the blue South Pacific seas, two American Stallion helicopters col-lided off the coast of Hawaii. It was January 14, 2016. Twelve U.S. marines on board perished. Despite rescue ef-forts by air and sea, the marines were never found. Their watery graves are only known to God. Major Shawn Campbell, 41, and Cor-poral Matthew Drown, 23, were Texas’ own. They were graduates of two neighboring high schools—Klein and Klein Oak—in my Texas congressional district. Major Campbell, over here with two of his children, was a hardcore marine. A graduate of Texas A&M in microbi-ology, he served three tours of duty in combat in the Middle East. Recently, he was ordered to the States as an in-structor pilot. Major Campbell left be-hind a wife and four kids. Corporal Matthew Drown joined the Marines right out of Klein Oak High School in 2011. He was on the debate team and was a friend everyone wanted to have. He was planning on reenlisting in the Marine Corps. These volunteers lived and died pro-tecting America. They are the best that we have. Mr. Speaker, there is nothing like a marine. Ronald Reagan said: ‘‘Some people spend an entire lifetime won-dering if they made a difference . . . The Marines don’t have that problem.’’ These men of Texas—Major Campbell and Corporal Drown—are two of those marines. Now there are two more marines guarding Heaven’s pearly gates. We pray for their families. Semper Fi, Marines. Semper Fi. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
b1915 E-FREE ACT (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to tell the story of Elvira Lopez of Odessa, Texas, one of tens of thousands of women harmed by the permanent sterilization device, Essure. Elvira’s story began in 2011 when she sought a tubal ligation. She was in-stead introduced to Essure. After sur-gery, her health began to decline dra-matically. Despite symptoms of confusion, low energy, and constant pain, doctor after doctor told her that the device was not causing her health issues. Then, in 2015, she had no choice but to undergo a hysterectomy as a last- ditch attempt to end the pain caused by this flawed device. I rise as a voice for the Essure Sisters to tell this Chamber that their pain is real, their stories are real, and their fight is real. Mr. Speaker, my bill, the E-Free Act, can halt this tragedy by removing this dangerous device from the market. Too many women have been harmed. I urge my colleagues to join this fight because stories like Elvira’s are too important to ignore. f 
TRUTH IN ADVERTISING ACT OF 2016 (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to once again ask the Fed-eral Trade Commission to uphold its responsibility to protect consumers from the harmful effects of deceptive imagery in advertisements. Along with my colleagues, L
OIS C
APPS and T EDDEUTCH , I am proud to introduce the Truth in Advertising Act of 2016 to direct the FTC to more fully study deceptive ads. Research shows that a photo-shopped body and facial image can have a nega-tive impact on mental health, poten-tially leading to the onset of depres-sion, anxiety, and other behavioral dis-orders. In particular, deceptive imagery may be contributing to the explosion of eat-ing disorders in our country, with 30 million Americans now suffering and nearly two dozen deaths occurring each day from eating disorders. It is time we all worked together to stop these deceptive advertising prac-tices and end their heavy cost on fami-lies and taxpayers. 
f 
GRANITE STATERS COPE WITH HEROIN EPIDEMIC (Mr. GUINTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize selfless Granite Staters, helping our State cope with the deadly heroin epidemic. Last month, in Roch-ester, I visited Hope on Haven Hill. Kerry Norton and Colene Arnold found-ed the charity to help pregnant New Hampshire mothers recover from her-oin addiction and improve the health of their newborns. Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome— newborn babies addicted to drugs—is growing at a fast rate as heroin abuse spreads across our country. There were over 27,000 NAS cases in 2014, up from 5,000 just a decade earlier. Babies with NAS suffer from painful withdrawal. Treatment centers like Hope on Haven Hill are helping to pre-vent the worst kind. Another place in Manchester, New Hampshire, Hope for New Hampshire Recovery, will also open. Melissa Crews and Dick Anagnost, cofounders of Hope 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.032 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H421 February 1, 2016 
for New Hampshire Recovery, are do-nating their time and energy to supply our State with more treatment options as Federal, State, and local govern-ments develop better solutions. In Congress we created the bipartisan task force to combat the heroin epi-demic to help develop these types of so-lutions, and I praise these individuals for their selflessness. 
f 
HONORING MARGARET DUNLEAVY (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to reflect on the career of an outstanding public servant in my district, Margaret Dunleavy. Mrs. Dunleavy retired at the end of 2015 after serving Livingston County as their clerk for 19 years. In her capacity as county clerk, Mrs. Dunleavy has been responsible for overseeing elec-tions in the county as well as main-taining vital records and all circuit court records. She was first elected in 1996, and the voters of Livingston County chose her as their clerk in four additional elections. Her role as county clerk was not Mrs. Dunleavy’s first public service experi-ence. She previously served as the Hartland Township, Michigan, clerk and deputy clerk. Mrs. Dunleavy will be remembered as a hardworking, professional, ethical, and highly qualified clerk. I am thank-ful to have had the opportunity to work with her, and I wish her all the best in her future retirement. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rep-resent such a dedicated public servant in Michigan’s Eighth District. Thank you, Mrs. Dunleavy, for your commitment to Livingston County. 
f 
IRAN TERROR FINANCE TRANSPARENCY ACT (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the Iran Terror Fi-nance Transparency Act. This impor-tant legislation prevents sanctions from being lifted from banks and indi-viduals who are connected to terrorism or Iran’s weapons development pro-gram. We do not need to be rewarding bad actors that are helping Iran become a nuclear state and continue to be the world’s leading state sponsor of ter-rorism. Recently Iran made headlines by con-ducting two ballistic missile tests, al-ready violating the deal that the Presi-dent forced on the American people earlier this year. Disappointingly, we have heard nothing from the adminis-tration. This is the same Iran who funnels money to Hezbollah to finance ter-rorist attacks and the same Iran who awards medals for the capture of U.S. soldiers. Despicable. It is abundantly clear that Iran is not to be trusted, and we must prevent rogue nations from becoming stronger. The administration needs to imme-diately reverse its course and hold those supporting terrorist efforts ac-countable. In the name of national security, I urge my colleagues in the House to join me in voting in favor of this crucial and timely piece of legislation. f 
HONORING JULIA AARON HUMBLES (Mr. RICHMOND asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a second to recognize a civil rights hero and New Orleans na-tive who recently passed away: Julia Aaron Humbles. An active participant in the civil rights movement from an early age, she was selected to be on the first Free-dom Ride bus at the age of 18, which was ultimately firebombed outside An-niston, Alabama. She wasn’t on that bus. She was, in fact, in Orleans Parish prison because she was arrested for picketing outside a segregated Woolworth’s department store. Julia was constantly testing the rules of segregation in New Orleans. She is quoted as saying: I was the kind of kid that would move up the colored sign on the buses. I would use the White restroom or water fountain. If I got caught, I would say flippantly that I just wanted to taste that White water, and then I would run. Julia passed away on January 26 in Stone Mountain, Georgia, of cancer. She was 72 years old. Our country is a much better place because of the sac-rifices Julia made during her lifetime. Our sympathies and prayers are with her family today. 
f 
EQUAL TREATMENT OF PUBLIC SERVANTS ACT, H.R. 711 (Mr. RATCLIFFE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to represent thousands of teachers, firefighters, and law enforce-ment officers across the Fourth Dis-trict of Texas who have dedicated their careers to public service. As the son of two schoolteachers and as a former law enforcement official myself, I have a personal and deep-felt appreciation for those who shape fu-ture generations by educating our chil-dren and protecting the communities where we live. Right now there are nearly 900,000 of these public servants who are being un-justly denied their hard-earned retire-ment benefits through an arbitrary for-mula called the windfall elimination provision, which can reduce their So-cial Security checks by up to $413 a month. That is why I have cosponsored and why I strongly support H.R. 711, the Equal Treatment of Public Servants Act, to reduce and to eliminate the windfall elimination provision. I urge my colleagues to take it up for a vote as soon as possible so that we can ensure that our public servants re-ceive both the Social Security benefits and the pensions that they most cer-tainly have earned. f 
CONGRATULATING DARYL VEATCH (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in admiration of a leader in Mis-souri’s Fourth District, Mr. Daryl Veatch. Daryl has served tirelessly to provide reliable light and energy to Missouri members of the Osage Valley Electric Cooperative, of which I am a lifelong member. After 43 years, Mr. Veatch has resigned his position as the general manager of Osage Valley in Butler, Missouri. His passion for excellence was seen throughout all of his work: from the beginning at Grundy Electric Coopera-tive, where he served as a clerk, to his tenure as the president of the Missouri Electric Cooperative Human Resources Association, the Accountants Associa-tion, and a member of the Public Rela-tions Committee. This year Daryl was honored with the esteemed A.C. Burrows Award given by the Association of Missouri Electric Cooperatives for his leadership above and beyond the call of duty to strengthen and improve the economic and social conditions of his commu-nity. Part of going above and beyond for Daryl was being actively involved as a leader on the local Butler R-V School Board, the area Chamber of Commerce, and his Rotary Club. Thank you for giving your life to the service of the citizens of Missouri’s Fourth District. I congratulate you on a job well done. I look forward to hear-ing of the continued impact you will have in and for our community. 
f 
AN HOUR OF POWER The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members be given 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add any ex-traneous materials relevant to the sub-ject matter of this discussion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.046 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH422 February 1, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and a privilege for me to rise this evening as co-chair, along with my distinguished colleague who represents the Eighth District of New York, Con-gressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , for this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour, an hour of power, address-ing the state of our Union, Dr. King’s dream, and today’s African American message. Congressman J
EFFRIES is a scholar, a distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee. He continues to be a tire-less advocate for social and economic justice, working hard to reform our criminal justice system, improve the economy for hardworking Americans, and to make college more affordable for all. Most importantly, he is some-one that I am proud to follow and he is my colleague. Today we come to educate and to dis-cuss some of the many contributions and accomplishments in American his-tory that African Americans etched into the cornerstone of this America, Mr. Speaker, that they helped change. The Congressional Black Caucus is and continues to be a part of that change. As we reflect on Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., whose holiday we recently observed, thanks to our Congressional Black Caucus colleague, Congressman J
OHN CONYERS , the dean, who worked tirelessly to have the day observed as a Federal holiday, we pause to reflect on our progress and our history not only to remember, but to acknowledge, our unfinished work. Congressional Black Caucus members and other colleagues with constituents across the country participated in holi-day services, programs, marches, and many other events last week. This was not a day off, Mr. Speaker, but a day on in the spirit of Dr. King’s legacy. Mr. Speaker, I had the opportunity to join some 4,000 constituents in my district in Columbus for the Nation’s largest Martin Luther King breakfast celebration. b1930 As I sat there, I was reminded of his words that we live by and that we are guided by: ‘‘Faith is taking the first step, even when you don’t see the whole staircase.’’ Later I had the op-portunity to join hundreds of folks to march in freezing weather, singing ‘‘We Shall Overcome.’’ Today we also mark the beginning of the observation of Black History Month, to celebrate giants in civil rights, in the civil rights movement, as well as labor and education, transpor-tation, the arts, and the service move-ment. As we reflect on Dr. King’s dream, just a few weeks ago President Barack Obama from this House floor, Mr. Speaker, delivered his final State of the Union Address. In his address, the President delivered a speech filled with hope and optimism, reminding us that we, the people—emphasizing all peo-ple—want opportunity and security for our families. It was a message of a bet-ter future, fairness, and democracy for all Americans because we rise or fall together, Mr. Speaker. President Obama continues to re-mind us that ours is a nation bounded by a common creed and that our Amer-ican values of equality, fairness, and justice should be available to all, not just a fortunate few. Far too long peo-ple and communities of color continue to be left behind when we discuss equality, fairness, and justice. In the 48 years since his death, while we have made some strides in con-fronting injustices and ending unequal treatment, there is still work to be done. Our Nation is still plagued by the vestiges of segregation and unequal laws and policies, evident today in Flint, Michigan, and its lack of clean drinking water; in it being harder, not easier, to exercise the constitutional right to vote through voter disenfran-chisement; Black men being killed in Ferguson, Baltimore, Chicago, and my State of Ohio; inequities in health care, poverty, and in our failing schools. But, Mr. Speaker, the time is now for us to work together to protect the most at risk among us, to defend the foundation of our democracy, and to expand opportunity for all people. However, Republican leadership fails to act and refuses to bring up Voting Rights Advancement Act, a bipartisan piece of legislation, for an up-or-down vote. Tonight, Mr. Speaker, we will hear from our Congressional Black Caucus colleagues on the state of our Union and where we go from here. I welcome the dialogue and the debate. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor and privilege to yield to Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEEfrom the 13th District of California. We know her as a fearless advocate, fighting to eliminate pov-erty. We know her as someone who has a history of representing not only the people of her district but the people of America. I have had the opportunity to witness this firsthand, as I serve on her committee when she fights to end the War on Poverty. It is my honor to ask Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEEto bring her message to us tonight. Ms. LEE. Let me first thank Con-gresswoman B
EATTY for her very kind and humbling remarks, but also for her tremendous leadership on so many issues, not only since she has been here in Congress, but before she came rep-resenting her constituents, and really looking out for, speaking out for, and working for the most vulnerable in our society. I am really proud of what she is doing with the Congressional Black Caucus, also Congressman J
EFFRIES for continuing to organize these important sessions really to beat the drum and to allow our country to understand what the issues are that the Congressional Black Caucus continues to work on be-cause if, in fact, we address those issues, as you know, that the most vul-nerable are dealing with each and every day, we will strengthen America, and so our country will be stronger. I thank both of them for making sure that we are doing that. We celebrate tonight the start of Black History Month, but I would like to reflect quickly again what we are doing tonight on Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s dream of true democracy. In his famous speech, ‘‘I Have a Dream,’’ let me just quote here what he asked the American people to do. He said: ‘‘To make real the promises of de-mocracy. Now is the time to rise from the dark and desolate valley of seg-regation to the sunlit path of racial justice. ‘‘Now is the time to open the doors of opportunity to all God’s children. ‘‘Now is the time to lift our Nation from the quicksands of racial injustice to the solid rock of brotherhood.’’ Of course and sisterhood. As I think about his powerful words going into Black History Month and his challenge for America to live up to her highest ideals, we must reflect on how far we have come and where we need to go. Now, of course, the right to vote is the bedrock of our democracy, which Dr. King reminded us of when he said: ‘‘Give us the ballot, and we will fill our legislative halls with men and women of goodwill.’’ In his honor, we must pass the Voting Rights Advancement Act, H.R. 2867, introduced by a great woman, a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congresswoman TERRI S
EWELL . In 1967 Dr. King explained the under-lying nature of the challenges facing our country in his book ‘‘Where Do We Go From Here: Chaos Or Community?’’ he talked about these triple evils. He wrote about poverty, racism, and war. He said they are the forms of violence that exist in a vicious cycle in our country. He says: ‘‘They are inter-related, all-inclusive, and stand as bar-riers to our living in the beloved com-munity. When we work to remedy one evil, we affect all evils.’’ So we must come together as never before to address these issues that in-fect our communities in order for our Nation to move beyond the quicksands of racial and economic injustice. Of course, the first of these evils is poverty, a harsh reality lived every day by more than 46 million Americans. Our Joint Economic Committee report, championed by Congresswoman M
ALO-
NEYand the Congressional Black Cau-cus, demonstrated and showed that Af-rican Americans are disproportionately affected by the scourge of poverty. The poverty rate in our community is 27 percent. One in three African American kids live in poverty. One in five kids in the entire country live in poverty. Pov-erty rates throughout our country are much too high for everyone, and we know how to eliminate poverty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.048 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H423 February 1, 2016 
Our assistant leader, a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, a great human being who has worked so hard to eliminate poverty for so many years has come up with a formula that would target resources to those rural and urban communities with the highest rates of persistent poverty. We have our Half in Ten Act, which establishes a national strategy to cut poverty in half over the next decade. That is more than 22 million Ameri-cans lifted into the middle class in just 10 years by coordinating local, State, and Federal anti-poverty programs. Likewise, our Pathways Out of Pov-erty Act is a comprehensive anti-pov-erty bill that starts by creating good- paying jobs while redoubling our in-vestments in proven programs that em-power families to build pathways out of poverty into the middle class. Of course, Dr. King mentioned the second evil, which is racism. While ra-cial barriers and biases are endemic through our society, they are very and most apparent in our broken criminal justice system. It is high time that we work to fix our criminal justice system that far too often fails African Ameri-cans. Yes, Black lives matter. So today in America, an African American is killed by a security offi-cer, police officer, or self-proclaimed vigilante every 28 hours. That is nearly once a day. One in three Black men can plan to spend at least some part of their life behind bars, and men of color make up 70 percent of the U.S. prison population. Let me say that again. Seventy percent of the U.S. prison pop-ulation are men of color. That is sim-ply outrageous. Now, we have ended legal segrega-tion. Our first African American Presi-dent is serving his second term in the White House. Our Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, serves as our first Afri-can American female Attorney Gen-eral. But so much must be done to achieve the dream of liberty and jus-tice for all. Dr. King told us over and over again that we live in two Americas. This was in 1967, in one of his speeches. The Kerner Commission report still de-scribes American society today. We have got to really look at our history and acknowledge and honor the legacy of those who really brought us this far. But when you look at the statistics and what is taking place now in commu-nities of color and the African Amer-ican community, it just shows us what we have to do. We have a long way to go. Dr. King finally spoke of war. He talked about the fact that our Nation continues to be involved in endless wars, and communities are suffering the costs. The Pentagon consumes 60 percent of discretionary spending com-pared to 11 percent that we spend on education, job creation, and resources to help our young people live the life that they so deserve in terms of being educated and providing workforce training, housing, health care, all the opportunities that are the American opportunities to allow us to live the American Dream. Congresswoman B
EATTY and Con-gressman J
EFFRIES , I just want to thank you for arranging the time for us to talk tonight. We have real solu-tions. You have real solutions. Every member of the Congressional Black Caucus has real solutions to end pov-erty, to end racism, and to end war. During Black History Month, we need to recommit ourselves to all of the solutions that members of the Con-gressional Black Caucus, and Members of this body as a whole, have if the po-litical will were there so we can honor the legacy of those who came before us during Black History Month. By hon-oring them, we say we are going to pick up that mantle and really address these triple evils once and for all. Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you so much, Congresswoman L
EE, for reminding us of the work we have to do to strength-en our America and for giving us those facts that clearly point out the bar-riers that we have and also the dispari-ties when you look at 70 percent of our men being incarcerated, yet we don’t make up 70 percent of the population. Thank you for reminding us of all the work and the words of Martin Luther King because you are so right. To sum it up in his words: injustice anywhere is an injustice everywhere. Thank you. We will continue that work. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor and privilege to yield to Congresswoman K
AREN BASSfrom the 37th District of California. It is a great honor for me because she is certainly not only a leader, but an advocate domestically and globally for young girls. As a mat-ter of fact, when I think of her work across this Nation in foster care, I call her the Sojourner Truth of foster care. When I think of her leadership, it is important for me to remind folks that she was the first African American fe-male to be Speaker of the House of the great State of California. Today it is indeed my honor to yield to Congress-woman B
ASS. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congresswoman B
EATTY . I want to congratulate her for her leadership that she has displayed since day one of coming to the House of Representa-tives, and knowing of her leadership in the State of Ohio, serving as the leader of the legislature in Ohio. I want to acknowledge my colleague H
AKEEM JEFFRIES . I have always appre-ciated his leadership in the committees as well as his leadership within the House. I am glad that he is very much a part of our Caucus. I know our theme today is: ‘‘The State of Our Union: Have We Achieved Dr. King’s Dream?’’ I have to say that the state of our union is a mixed bag. Have we achieved Dr. King’s dream? As a nation, we haven’t, but if we look at the success of individuals, many indi-viduals have achieved remarkable lev-els of success. While the success of individuals should rightfully be celebrated, until the richest nation on the planet in the history of the world has figured out how to address poverty, income in-equality, and provide opportunity for everyone to succeed in our Nation, Dr. King’s dream is a dream deferred. Dr. King would have been so proud to have been at the inauguration of the first African American President, but he would have been horrified to see a man achieve that level of success, be-coming the most powerful man in the world, and still be subjected to doubt-ers who ask to see his birth certificate, questioning if he was actually an American, obviously code for ‘‘he might be the President, but he is still not one of us’’; asking to see his college transcripts, questioning if his academic success was legitimate. Dr. King would be horrified to learn the number of hate groups. White su-premacist organizations exploded after the election of the first African Amer-ican President of the United States. He would have been shocked to hear that leaders in our country actually pub-licly stated that they would do every-thing they could, including hurting the national economy, to ensure that the Nation’s first African American Presi-dent did not serve a second term. b1945 Dr. King would have been overjoyed when this President was reelected to a second term, so that no one could say the first time was an aberration. Dr. King would have been so proud of the millions of people who withstood at-tempts to block their right to vote and to know that thousands were willing to stand for hours to make sure they voted and reelected President Obama. Dr. King would have celebrated the creation of a program to provide health coverage for the majority of people in the Nation. He would have celebrated the fact that this was accomplished in the first term of President Obama’s ad-ministration. Dr. King would have celebrated the fact that when the law was signed by President Obama, for the first time, in-surance companies could no longer refuse to provide coverage for people if they had an illness or a preexisting condition. Just think for a minute. Prior to the Affordable Care Act, insurance compa-nies excluded you from coverage if you had a preexisting condition. There were examples of babies born prematurely that were excluded from coverage be-cause their premature birth and the as-sociated complications were considered a preexisting condition. And, frankly, almost everyone after a certain age has one preexisting condi-tion or another—hypertension, high cholesterol, et cetera. Prior to passage of healthcare reform, aging, essen-tially, was a reason to exclude individ-uals from coverage. While Dr. King would have celebrated this victory, he would have been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.051 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH424 February 1, 2016 
shocked to know Congress has voted over 60 times to take health care away from people and to reverse this ad-vance. If the Affordable Care Act was repealed, then the parents of the pre-mature baby and the adult over 60 with high blood pressure would not have health care. On another subject, Dr. King would wonder: How on Earth did his country end up incarcerating more people than any other nation in the world? And how is it that the majority of people incarcerated in the United States are poor and are people of color? As a man of faith, as a teacher of the Bible, he would wonder what happened to the concept of redemption in our so-ciety. How did we become a society that punished people forever? What happened to the belief that, if you of-fended society and then paid your debt to society, you were expected and ac-cepted to reenter society with your full rights? How did we evolve into a nation that basically said we will punish you for your entire life? Because even though 85 percent of people incarcerated are eventually released, we can strip away your right to vote. You cannot live in public housing; and if your family lives in public housing, then you can’t go home. If you were in prison and you owed child support, well, we just kept the clock running on what you owed even though you were in prison and, of course, could not work to pay child support. You owed the money anyway. And, of course, when you were re-leased, you are then behind in child support. And because you are behind because you could not work while in-carcerated, we will not give you a driv-er’s license. And if you are from Los Angeles and cannot drive, you can for-get about having a decent-paying job, because those jobs certainly don’t exist in your neighborhood. Furthermore, if you don’t find a job, we just might violate your parole and put you back in prison, because a con-dition of your parole is that you have a job. But then, since you are a felon, we will not allow you to work anyway. In California, until we changed the law, there were 56 occupations you could not participate in if you were a felon. One of those occupations we even trained you for while you were in pris-on. We have a school that trains pris-oners to be barbers. But when you were released, we didn’t allow ex-offenders to have a license in the very occupa-tion we trained you for—until we changed the law. I think Dr. King would be thoroughly confused by the contradictions he would see in America today. We have amazingly successful individuals, thou-sands of African Americans and other people of color in elected office or in other major positions of authority. They are CEOs of companies, astro-nauts, athletes, college presidents, en-tertainers on every level, actors, pro-ducers, directors. In every area in society, there are successful individuals. There are 48 Af-rican American Members of Congress. The year before his death, there were only five African Americans in Con-gress. But Dr. King would wonder what is holding our Nation back from making sure every American has access to the American Dream. With all the techno-logical advances, advances in science and education, how can it be that peo-ple are hungry in America, that too many children continue to go to poor, segregated schools, and that there are homeless encampments that exist in most major cities? Although his dream for our Nation is only partially realized, I believe now it is our responsibility to continue the work and to continue the struggle until there is no such thing as home-lessness in the richest nation on the planet, until all children have access to a 21st century education, until poverty is eliminated and the safety net is strong enough that no one in our Na-tion slips through the cracks. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, thank you again to Congresswoman K
AREN  B
ASSfor reminding us of all the great riches that we have in this society, but also for putting on the forefront that our work is not finished. There is hope. Because we have learned that through having a President who stands on the shoulders of another great man—Mar-tin Luther King. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed my honor and privilege to yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICHMOND ), who hails from the Second District of Lou-isiana. He is someone who is fearless and not afraid to speak up, but he doesn’t speak in vain. He speaks with a platform—whether that platform is to discuss reforming our broken prison system, whether it is to talk about HBCUs, or whether it is to be a role model—and he knows a lot about that because he is a natural leader. When he took office in the State legislature, he was one of the youngest legislators to ever serve. So it is indeed my honor to call Con-gressman C
EDRIC RICHMOND a colleague and friend. Mr. RICHMOND. I want to thank the gentlelady and scholar for yielding to me and putting on this series tonight. Mr. Speaker, just a few weeks ago, on January 12, right here in this Chamber, President Obama proudly declared to the citizens of the United States that the state of our Union is strong. With that, I agree. However, tonight, just as I did in New Orleans on this holiday, I must stand here and give the state of the dream address. So, today, I stand in this Chamber and report to the world that the state of the dream is in disrepair. It is in dis-repair because of neglect by some and intentional harms by others. Let me first just state what I believe his dream to be. This is in his own words. In accepting the Nobel Peace Prize, Dr. King said: ‘‘I have the audac-ity to believe that peoples everywhere can have three meals a day for their bodies, education and culture for their minds, and dignity, equality, and free-dom for their spirits.’’ So why do I say that dream is in dis-repair? Well, inadequate funding and misguided policies stand as a bar to many kids of color from getting a qual-ity education, just like Bull Connor stood in the schoolhouse doors during the civil rights movement. Why do I say the dream is in dis-repair? Because too many African American children have better access to guns and drugs than textbooks and computers. Far too many of them choose guns and drugs. Why do I say the dream is in dis-repair? Because the Supreme Court rolled back the protections for minor-ity voting rights. Why do I say the dream is in dis-repair? Because in a Supreme Court hearing on minority admission policies to colleges and universities, one of our Supreme Court Justices demonstrated his bias, his ignorance, and his lack of understanding by trying to justify why Blacks should go to lesser colleges and universities. Why is the dream in disrepair? Be-cause the Black Supreme Court Justice sat there and said nothing. Well, if I were in college and I were playing Spades, I would call him a ‘‘possible,’’ because you can’t count on him to hold up when the game starts. Why do I also say the dream is in dis-repair? Because big Wall Street execu-tives can steel millions and never get charged and held accountable while young Black kids who shoplift get prosecuted and fill up our jails and our prisons and create what we call the prison industrial enterprise. Some ask: Why do the poor and uneducated continue to steal and cheat? Well, the answer is simple: Be-cause the rich and educated keep show-ing them how. So, as we stand here this month and celebrate Black History Month, we will not only describe some of the problems, but we will go into some of the solu-tions that have been tested over time. Let me just say that Dr. King and the generation before us did a great job of making this dream a reality through sacrifice, hard work, and commitment, but somewhere in my generation, we fell off from that sacrifice and deter-mination. Far too many of us are letting re-ality shows and music videos give our children their misguided sense of mor-als. Too many of our African American and White middle-class families who have achieved the dream are excited that they are there, but they are tell-ing the rest of the world to get it the best they can. The dream can be realized when ev-eryone realizes that you are not going to help minority communities in spite of the minority communities, but we are going to bring them to the table and let them be a co-participant in drafting their accomplishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.053 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H425 February 1, 2016 
So, where do we go from here? We continue to invest in proven leaders and proven ways out of poverty and ways to get ahead, like education. We have to invest in the Pell grants and our Historically Black Colleges and Universities because we know that edu-cation is the best way out of poverty. We have to invest in summer jobs so that kids in urban areas and impover-ished communities can get exposure to a different way of life so that they can help themselves. We know that a sum-mer job reduces the dropout rate by 50 percent. What else can we do? We can invest in job training. We can invest in dis-advantaged businesses. We can do a number of things. And the good part about it is we have a Congressional Black Caucus that can stand here and introduce legislation if the other side would meet us halfway. So, the state of our union will con-tinue to be strong. The state of the dream will become a reality when peo-ple join hands together to make sure that the least of us have every oppor-tunity in the world. I will tell you that the dream was strong. The dream is the same dream that allowed my mother, who is from the poorest place in the country, 1 of 15 children, to achieve her college degree and raise two sons who went off to Morehouse. So the dream is real when I, as the son of a single mother, can go to Morehouse, Tulane Law School, and the Harvard School of Government. That is the dream. So I stand here today and just ask that we do what Booker T. Washington said. We may be as separate as our fin-gers, but we are as whole as the hand. This body has an obligation to come together as the hand and make sure that we give every kid from every place in this country the opportunity to suc-ceed. Mrs. BEATTY. I thank Congressman R
ICHMOND for reminding us that you bring hope. Your experience shows that there is opportunity. Because cer-tainly, we know that there are fewer Black students graduating from high school. Sixteen percent of Blacks drop out, compared to 8 percent of our White counterparts. Mr. Speaker, can you tell me how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman has 30 minutes remaining. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor and privilege to yield to my colleague from the 10th District of New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ). He is someone who is a great example of a committed pub-lic servant. He is someone who puts others before himself. When you want to call on him, he is someone that will sit and quietly listen to you, and then a few minutes later he will give you probably one of the most profound an-swers that one could look for. I am proud to not only call him my col-league, but I am also proud to call him my classmate. It is my honor to ask Congressman D
ONALD PAYNE to bring his reflections. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thanking my classmates, Con-gresswoman JOYCE BEATTY and Con-gressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , for an-choring these important Special Order hours for the Congressional Black Cau-cus. Since her arrival here in Congress, Congresswoman B
EATTY has dem-onstrated why she was a leader in Ohio, and she has become a great leader in the House of Representatives. b2000 Mr. Speaker, Dr. King envisioned for this Nation a future of vast potential, a future where every man and woman and child would have the opportunity to get ahead, free from the constraints of injustice and intolerance. What we see happening across our country shows how far we still have to go to achieve Dr. King’s dream. From gun violence to racial wealth gaps, from lack of diversity to persistent poverty, there are still critical issues affecting our communities that must be addressed. In 2015, there were at least 76 gun deaths in my district in New Jersey, the Tenth Congressional District. One- third of all the gun deaths in New Jer-sey last year happened in my district. If we don’t do something to tackle this epidemic, then we are failing our children. We are failing the next gen-eration, to give them the hope and the possibilities of being a positive part of this community, such as we saw in Congressman C
EDRIC RICHMOND . In my district, African Americans face unemployment rates nearly triple that of White workers. Generations of African American workers are being left behind, without a fair shot at suc-cess. The economic prosperity and the American Dream are on hold for many African American communities. Instead of working to address these challenges facing our communities, Re-publicans continue their assault on women’s health by trying to defund Planned Parenthood. On the other hand, Democrats are working on bold, aggressive action that will have an immediate impact on the challenges facing African Americans. I have tried to do my part here in Congress. My Safer Neighborhoods Gun Buyback Act would create a voluntary Federal gun buyback program to keep guns out of the wrong hands. That is just one measure that we have to look at. But in talking about Dr. King’s dream, it reminds me of A Tale of Two Cities. This is the best of times and the worst of times. Yes, we have seen an African Amer-ican rise to the pinnacle of success in this country in public service in Presi-dent Barack Obama. Dr. King would be very proud of that. But he would be upset to see the other part, the despair that our com-munities are in without the opportuni-ties to raise their children as other communities do. Dr. King was about equal opportunity for every man and woman. He discussed problems in Appalachia, he discussed problems in the South, and he dis-cussed problems in the North. So, yes, his main focus was the Afri-can American community. But injus-tice somewhere is injustice anywhere, and he lived that motto. He would be happy for some reasons, but in other areas he would be very disappointed. So it is our job to continue to push towards that dream, and we here in the Congressional Black Caucus are com-mitted to pushing forward to see his dream realized. Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you, Congress-man PAYNE , for bringing us those words of wisdom and reminding us of the epidemics that face us, the failures that we have experienced, but leaving us with the hope of pushing forward and helping to realize Martin Luther King’s dream. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed my honor now to yield to the freshman of our group, someone who may be a freshman by our description, but someone who is not a stranger. Whether it is advocating for jobs for veterans, whether it is looking at eco-nomic development and opportunities for those who are in struggling econo-mies, she comes to us as a lawyer, she comes to us as a mother and a public servant. She is someone who stands tall in her words of wisdom and someone’s voice that we have learned to listen to. She hails to us as the Delegate from the Virgin Islands. Join me in wel-coming Congresswoman S
TACY  P
LASKETT for her words of wisdom. Ms. PLASKETT. Thank you so much for allowing me this opportunity to be here with my colleagues. Mr. Speaker, I am so humbled and honored to be with the gentlewoman from Ohio, J
OYCE BEATTY , who is an ex-ample to us freshmen and who fights, along with the gentleman of New York, H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , not just for the peo-ple of their district and not just for Af-rican Americans, but for all Ameri-cans, because that is what we are all here in this Congress to do. By pointing out the inequalities, it is not to cast aspersions on all of Amer-ica, but to make us to be better people than what we are today. When Dr. King so eloquently deliv-ered his famous ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech 50 years ago, he did so with every hope and expectation that that Nation would rise up and live out the true meaning of that creed. He hoped that the tenet all men are created equal would, in fact, one day be a truth held self-evident. We cannot allow simply moving past the glaring bigotries of Jim Crow, how-ever, to be a benchmark for success. Doing so would ignore the more subtle bigotries that continue today. These subtle bigotries are, in fact, as deeply rooted and extreme in their ef-fect as those glaring bigotries Dr. King and so many others fought vigorously and valiantly to overcome. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.054 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH426 February 1, 2016 
We are still achieving the dream. Today it is not just social injustice, but also extreme inequality that con-strains economic mobility for the Afri-can American community and, there-fore, for all of America. Whether it is State-sanctioned at-tempts to roll back voting rights in Alabama, the outright denial of equal voting rights to citizens living in the Virgin Islands and other territories, or the years of neglect that have led to the poisoning of residents in Flint, Michigan, the persistent wealth and opportunity divide in this country is rooted in the legacy of racial discrimi-nation dating back to Reconstruction and to slavery, indeed. Although we have achieved much since the days of separate, but equal, there are still structural barriers to achieving the American Dream for too many minority families in this coun-try. There is racial disparity in nearly every index of the American Dream, and those disparities place families of color further behind in their plight to achieving the dream. A recent study by the Corporation for Enterprise Development shows that families of color are two times more likely to live below the Federal pov-erty level, almost two times more like-ly to lack liquid savings, and are sig-nificantly more likely to have subprime credit scores. A lack of liquid savings among fami-lies of color often lends to further dis-parity and wealth loss, as evidenced by the proportion of student debt by race and ethnicity. African American college students rely more on student loans to pay for college than do other racial groups and are less likely to pay off the debt, ac-cording to a report by the Wisconsin HOPE Lab. While unemployment in this country has fallen to 5 percent, African Amer-ican communities like my home dis-trict of the U.S. Virgin Islands con-tinue to experience double-digit unem-ployment rates. Many of these communities of color have experienced decades of systematic divestment of funding and resources that can only serve to widen the wealth and opportunity gap. That is benign neglect, a benign ne-glect that has led to failing public and alternative education systems, crum-bling infrastructure, and, in some cases, the slide to bankruptcy, bank-ruptcy not just due to mismanagement and corruption, which is the conven-ient answer, but a systematic lack of investment, support, and adequate funding, which causes places like De-troit, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Is-lands to mortgage their children’s fu-tures in bonds to make ends meet. African Americans make up 13 per-cent of the population, but have only 2.7 percent of total wealth. This Congress has within its power to reverse the years of benign neglect to these communities through supporting legislation to invest in infrastructure and education through fighting against voter suppression efforts and sup-porting student loans and other finance reforms. Closing the wealth and opportunity gap should not be a dream in post-ra-cial America. It is the responsibility of this Congress to uphold the principles to which we were founded, to not only adhere to those powerful words that preamble our Constitution, but also to provide for the general welfare and en-sure that justice, liberty, and pros-perity are afforded to all and not just some. Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you to the gen-tlewoman from the Virgin Islands. Let me just say thank you for making us have a better understanding that we cannot do this alone and we have so much more work to do. Mr. Speaker, tonight’s Special Orders hour hopefully will share with this in-stitution the amount of work that we have yet to do. But I believe in hope and opportunity for all. So when I listen to the great legacy that those who have come before us, whether that is Dr. Martin Luther King, whether that is Rosa Parks, we have members of this Congressional Black Caucus who stand united to pro-vide opportunities for all. We are often referred to as the con-science of the Congress. There is a rea-son for that: Because we are the voice of the voiceless. And when I think of voices, I think of my co-anchor. I think of a man who came as my classmate, someone stel-lar, someone who is a scholar and a profound lawyer, someone who stands tall in stature and in his words, some-one that I actually enjoy sitting and listening to as he so often brings the message. It is my honor to yield to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) to talk to us about the state of our union, Dr. King’s dream, and African Americans in this great Nation. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Ohio, Representative B
EATTY , my good friend, for those very kind words and, of course, for her tremendous leader-ship in anchoring and shepherding us here this evening in the same manner that she has done since her arrival here in the House of Representatives, al-ways eloquent, erudite, and effer-vescent. We appreciate that unique and tre-mendous combination of skill and abil-ity that you bring to the people that you represent so ably in Columbus, Ohio, and, of course, really, on behalf of America as you stand here anchor-ing this Congressional Black Caucus Special Orders hour. I look forward to continuing to work together throughout the year as we en-deavor to speak truth to power here on the floor of the House of Representa-tives and articulate issues of signifi-cance and importance to African Amer-icans in the United States of America and to all of America. Earlier today I made the observation that this is the first day of Black His-tory Month. Essentially, black history is American history. The two are for-ever intertwined. That is why the sub-ject matter of this special order is of particular importance. Dr. King once made the observation that the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice. b2015 I think what Dr. King was saying is that in this world you have got some good folks and you have got some bad actors. But in order for justice to pre-vail, what you essentially need is a fair amount of the good folks to come to-gether, sacrifice, work hard, and dedi-cate themselves to the cause of social change, and at the end of the day jus-tice will prevail. Make no mistake that in the United States of America, of course, it has been a long and complicated march. We certainly have come a long way, but we still have a long way to go. During the founding of the Republic back in 1776, in the DNA of this great country was embedded the principles of liberty and justice for all. It was a great document and a great start. Embedded in the DNA of this country was fairness, equality, and opportunity for everyone. But there was a genetic defect called chattel slavery that was also attendant to our birth. If you are going to have any discus-sion about where we are in America today, you have got to recognize there was a genetic defect that has impacted the arc of the African American com-munity here in America and the Amer-ican story, and that genetic defect of chattel slavery stayed with us, of course, until the war ended in 1865. Mil-lions of African American slaves were subjugated. It was one of the worst crimes ever perpetrated in the history of humanity. It finally ended in 1865 with the adoption of the 13th Amend-ment. Of course, we know that the 14th Amendment and the 15th Amendment followed, equal protection under the law for everyone, 14th Amendment, and the 15th Amendment was designed to guarantee the right to vote. The so- called Reconstruction period lasted until the middle of the 1870s, but it was largely abandoned thereafter. The African Americans, of course, were given a raw, bad deal. How can you cure the genetic defect of chattel slavery with three constitutional amendments without ever really force-fully implementing them and within a decade or so abandoning the principles inherent in those constitutional amendments? In place we received the Black Codes, Jim Crow, segregation, and an intense lynching campaign un-leashed on African Americans in the South, in the Midwest, in the far West, and other parts of the United States of America. So we went from chattel slav-ery, a brief period of Reconstruction, then you give us Jim Crow. So we dealt with Jim Crow which was at least in principle abolished on paper 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.056 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H427 February 1, 2016 
when the Supreme Court makes the de-cision in Brown v. Board of Education that separate but equal was just a farce. It was a joke. It wasn’t real. So the Supreme Court exposes that, but then says, go ahead and implement it with all deliberate speed. Which basi-cally meant don’t really implement it with any urgency, any immediacy, any impactful fashion, just take your time and do it at your own pace. So as we are trying to deal with Jim Crow, then you have, of course, Dr. King and leaders of the civil rights movement, J
OHN LEWIS, whom Con-gresswoman B
EATTY and I are so privi-leged to serve with, A. Philip Ran-dolph, Roy Wilkins, James Farmer, and so many others. The civil rights move-ment deals with the lingering effects of our original genetic defect of chattel slavery replaced by Jim Crow. Then in the 1960s, we get the 1964 Civil Rights Act, the 1965 Voting Rights Act, the 1968 Fair Housing Act, Lyndon Johnson’s War on Poverty, and efforts to try to finally correct the in-justices that have been race based here in America. Like Reconstruction, which lasted for a little over a decade, we get this period of dramatic social change, mainly in the early and mid- 1960s that is quickly abandoned and taken advantage of by Richard Nixon in 1968 with the Southern strategy White backlash, particularly in the Deep South, compounded in 1971 when President Richard Nixon makes the statement that drug abuse is public enemy number one. Essentially, the War on Drugs ushered in an era of mass incarceration. When President Nixon made that statement, there were less than 350,000 people incarcerated in America. Today, 40-plus years later, after the War on Drugs, so called, was started, 2.3 mil-lion people, more than 1 million Afri-can American men, disproportionately and adversely impacting communities of color and as has been mentioned ear-lier, incarcerate more people in Amer-ica than any other country in the world, a country where we over-incar-cerate and under educate. We have made a lot of progress in America. African Americans as a col-lective community really haven’t been given any room to breathe because we have gone from chattel slavery—the original birth defect in this great Re-public—to Jim Crow, to mass incarcer-ation with brief periods of Reconstruc-tion and civil rights era mixed in be-tween. And you wonder why we are in the situation that we are in right now. We have made a lot of progress. Obvi-ously the fact that Barack Obama is sitting at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue is a significant development, but as Dr. King says, he talked about an arc, which means that similar to what Abraham Lincoln once said, that we have to continue a march toward a more perfect Union, the Congressional Black Caucus with leadership from dy-namic representatives like J
OYCE  B
EATTY , have put forth a series of things to benefit not just the African American community, but all commu-nities, to help bring the promise of American democracy to life. With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield back to my good friend, Representative BEATTY . Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you so much to my colleague. As I stood here and I lis-tened to you walk us through that rich history, it reminded me of all of the bad actors that caused many of those bad things. I reflect on someone in my family being a part of that chattel slavery as a slave, I think about Jim Crow, and I think about the things that my grandmother was asked to do when she had walked far just to try to vote and was asked to recite things that probably the people asking her could not have done. Then when I think about all of those social reforms and all the things that happened 50 and 55 years ago, it made me think, Congressman J
EFFRIES , when we think about Martin Luther King and his dream, so often people say, ‘‘What would he think today?’’ But I guess for me the question is a little dif-ferent that I would like to discuss with you. Do you think history is repeating itself? As I listened to you talk about slav-ery, and today when I go into some parts of my community with the War on Drugs I have had Black men say to me that they feel like they are living during a time of slavery. When I talk to young, single moms who are fighting for their own existence or to feed their children, they feel that they are held captive by poverty. So are we looking at still bad actors, bad actors in the Chambers that I stand in, bad actors who want to take away SNAP, bad actors who don’t want to give us a voting rights bill, bad ac-tors that don’t want to ban the box? What do you think? Are we seeing history repeat itself? Mr. JEFFRIES. It is a great ques-tion. Unfortunately sort of the arc of history here in this great country of ours is that whenever progress has been made it has been followed by a back-lash. Progress was made with the Re-construction amendments. It was fol-lowed by a backlash that gave us Jim Crow, the Black Codes, and an explo-sion of lynching in the South. Progress, of course, was made in the 1960s with the Civil Rights Act, the Voting Rights Act, the Fair Housing Act immediately followed by Richard Nixon’s Southern strategy, and a back-lash against things like affirmative ac-tion which had barely been put into motion and a rollback of the War on Poverty which was designed to help Af-rican Americans and all Americans of every race. Then, of course, many thought that we perhaps had reached a post-racial America in the aftermath of the elec-tion of President Barack Obama, but we know, of course, that that is not the case sadly. I am hopeful, however, that many of my colleagues, Republicans and Demo-crats, Conservatives and Progressives who have come together, folks like RAUL LABRADOR , T REY GOWDY , and J
ASON CHAFFETZ —good friends of mine on the other side of the aisle—recog-nize the importance of dealing with mass incarceration for America. Here are a few statistics that I think we need to be concerned about as it re-lates to your question. African Ameri-cans serve virtually as much time in prison for a nonviolent drug offense, approximately 58 months, as White Americans do for a violent criminal of-fense, 62 months. Whites in America statistically use drugs five times as often as African Americans, yet Afri-can Americans are sent to prison for drug offenses at 10 times the rate of White Americans. Lastly, African Americans represent 83 percent of crack cocaine Federal de-fendants, but only 28 percent of users— 83 percent are defendants, 28 percent are users; whereas, White Americans represent 5.8 percent of Federal defend-ants but 62 percent of users. Something is wrong. Justice is not colorblind in America. So hopefully we will find the ability to come together to deal with the overall broken crimi-nal justice system and certainly as part of that rectify some of the racial disparities that exist. Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you so much. Let me just end by saying, Mr. Speaker, what you have witnessed to-night is that our past that we have talked about is our experience, our present is our responsibility, and our future is our hope. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, the Reverend Doctor Martin Luther King’s vision of ending inequality through providing jobs, justice, and peace to all Americans is a vision that many have fought and died to make a reality. As the Civil Rights Movement battled against discrimi-nation and inequality in the 1960’s, I adopted Dr. King’s vision of jobs, justice, and peace when I ran for Congress in 1964. I remember the Jim Crow era, poll taxes, and institutional-ized segregation when I arrived in Congress. Yet, for all of these institutional scars and dis-criminatory impediments, the work we did in Congress aided in fulfilling the promises of equality enshrined in our Constitution. After a historic effort, the Civil Rights Act was passed, the Voting Rights Act was adopted, and a new era of federal protections around equality was ushered in the 20th Century. Some fifty years later, this era has yet to be fully realized. While the initial challenges of recognizing and upholding civil rights have been met, many of the original problems per-sist, but in an evolved form. Fifty plus years later, the American people confront issues of voter suppression, gender and sexual orienta-tion discrimination. Many communities feel under siege from those sworn to protect their liberty. Hate crimes and religious intolerance are on the rise as reported nightly on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.058 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH428 February 1, 2016 
news. And women contend with a pay inequity hampering their standing with men in the workplace. In spite of all of these shortcomings, strides have been made: reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act in 2006; the passage of legislation expanding access to healthcare; the introduc-tion of legislation combating voter caging and deceptive practices, and the passage of the Hate Crimes Prevention Act, signed into law by the first African-American President of the United States, himself emblematic of civil rights progress. These issues were all, at one point in time, deemed radical. Women’s suffrage, racial equality, and now gay and lesbian rights: for each, the civil rights movement has expanded until true justice is achieved. Many problems persist and more are certain to arrive, but through renewed determination to tackle these deep-seated problems, we can one day live up to the beloved community envision by Dr. King. While our struggle for equality stems from being afforded the basic human rights associ-ated with a free society, the ideal of achieving economic justice, with employment for all who seek it, remains out of reach for many. The aftermath of the financial crisis has brought crippling unemployment, wage stagnation, and rising income inequality. Yet, the Great Reces-sion has only exacerbated a decades-long de-cline in the fortunes of the working and middle classes. As finances continue to deteriorate, basic social and public services have often been the first to go. In the realm of healthcare, a basic safety net was only recently afforded to the under-served in the United States with passage of the Affordable Care Act, yet millions of low-in-come and unemployed individuals remain un-insured. Housing remains a continued blight, as mass-foreclosures following the aftermath of the Great Recession tear apart communities and destabilizes families. Even after fifty years of promoting Dr. King’s cause for peace, our country is enmeshed in gun violence, which tragically produced the shootings in Newtown, Aurora, Tucson, and Wisconsin, and daily on the streets of Amer-ica’s most populated cities. These horrific oc-currences are unacceptable for our nation, which is why catapulting peace to the forefront of our nation’s agenda will save lives and pro-tect our most vital right under the Constitution: life. I am hopeful that by strengthening our gun laws we can remove military style weap-ons out of our communities, prohibit the sale of deadly gun clips, and close loopholes on the sale of guns. Our rate of incarceration and length of sen-tences are unjust and unsustainable. The United States incarcerates 25 percent of the world’s prisoners, while we have only five per-cent of the world’s population. And we dis-proportionately prosecute and incarcerate Afri-can Americans more than any other race. This is the result of what President Obama has called a ‘‘huge explosion’’ in our incarceration rates, with 500,000 people imprisoned in America in 1980 growing to 2.2 million today. We must change our prosecution policies and sentencing laws to address this crisis, and I am working with my colleagues to do that. The profiling of racial and religious minori-ties is also a terrible reality that threatens peace in our nation. Profiling is an archaic form of discrimination that subjects individuals to criminal indictments or investigations based on their race or religion. Although profiling cannot be found in any form of written law, the practice is real in America and threatens the trust and peace that is essential in the rela-tionship between citizens and their law en-forcement. Our nation’s leaders can work to pass legislation, such as the End Racial Profiling Act, to prohibit this practice in any law enforcement agency and the Law Enforce-ment Trust and Integrity Act to provide real standards for the operation of police depart-ments. As we press forward to address inequality in the 21st Century, the outstanding question is whether or not Congress will rise to tackle these issues. The American people have al-ready witnessed how politics can transform our legislative body into a body producing nothing but dysfunction. However, the erosion of Congress’s focus on protecting civil rights and civil liberties can be reversed. This Congress has the opportunity to an-swer these present injustices by assuming the unwavering commitment to jobs, justice, and peace that was displayed so valiantly by Dr. Martin Luther King. Ending inequality in Amer-ica is a battle that can be won, and although the enemy is still the same, our approach in the 21st century must not lack the strength and courage of those who have fought so bravely before us. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this Feb-ruary we recognize and celebrate the 39th commemoration of Black History Month. This month we celebrate the contributions of African Americans to the history of our great nation, and pay tribute to trailblazers, pio-neers, heroes, and leaders like Rev. Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, U.S. Senator Blanche Kelso Bruce, U.S. Congresswoman Barbara Jordan, U.S. Congressman Mickey Leland, Astronauts Dr. Guion Stewart Bluford Jr. and Mae C. Jemison, Frederick Douglass, Booker T. Washington, James Baldwin, Harriet Tub-man, Rosa Parks, Maya Angelou, Toni Morri-son, and Gwendolyn Brooks just to name a few of the countless number of well-known and unsung heroes whose contributions have helped our nation become a more perfect union. The history of the United States has been marked by the great contributions of African American activists, leaders, writers, and art-ists. As a member of Congress, I know that I stand on the shoulders of giants whose strug-gles and triumphs made it possible for me to stand here today and continue the fight for equality, justice, and progress for all, regard-less of race, religion, gender or sexual orienta-tion. The greatest of these giants to me are Mrs. Ivalita ‘‘Ivy’’ Jackson, a vocational nurse, and Mr. Ezra A. Jackson, one of the first African- Americans to succeed in the comic book pub-lishing business. They were my beloved parents and they taught me the value of education, hard work, discipline, perseverance, and caring for others. And I am continually inspired by Dr. Elwyn Lee, my husband and the first tenured African American law professor at the University of Houston. Mr. Speaker, I particularly wish to acknowl-edge the contributions of African American veterans in defending from foreign aggressors and who by their courageous examples helped transform our nation from a segregated soci-ety to a nation committed to the never ending challenge of perfecting our union. Last year about this time, I was honored to join my colleagues, Congressmen J
OHN LEWIS and Congressman C
HARLES RANGEL , a Korean War veteran, in paying tribute to surviving members of the Tuskegee Airmen and the 555th Parachute Infantry, the famed ‘‘Triple Nickels’’ at a moving ceremony sponsored by the U.S. Army commemorating the 50th Anni-versary of the 1964 Civil Rights Act. The success of the Tuskegee Airmen in es-corting bombers during World War II—achiev-ing one of the lowest loss records of all the escort fighter groups, and being in constant demand for their services by the allied bomber units—is a record unmatched by any other fighter group. So impressive and astounding were the feats of the Tuskegee Airmen that in 1948 they persuaded President Harry Truman to issue his famous Executive Order No. 9981, which directed equality of treatment and op-portunity in all of the United States Armed Forces and led to the end of racial segrega-tion in the U.S. military forces. It is a source of enormous and enduring pride that my father-in-law, Phillip Ferguson Lee, was one of the Tuskegee Airmen. Clearly, what began as an experiment to de-termine whether ‘‘colored’’ soldiers were capa-ble of operating expensive and complex com-bat aircraft ended as an unqualified success based on the experience of the Tuskegee Air-men, whose record included 261 aircraft de-stroyed, 148 aircraft damaged, 15,553 combat sorties and 1,578 missions over Italy and North Africa. They also destroyed or damaged over 950 units of ground transportation and escorted more than 200 bombing missions. They proved that ‘‘the antidote to racism is excel-lence in performance,’’ as retired Lt. Col. Her-bert Carter once remarked. Mr. Speaker, Black History Month is also a time to remember many pioneering women like U.S. Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm; activists Harriet Tubman and Rosa Parks; as-tronaut Mae C. Jemison; authors Maya Angelou, Toni Morrison, and Gwendolyn Brooks; all of whom have each in their own way, whether through courageous activism, cultural contributions, or artistic creativity, forged social and political change, and forever changed our great Nation for the better. It is also fitting, Mr. Speaker, that in addition to those national leaders whose contributions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.034 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H429 February 1, 2016 
have made our nation better, we honor also those who have and are making a difference in their local communities. In my home city of Houston, there are nu-merous great men and women. They are great because they have heeded the counsel of Dr. King who said: ‘‘Everybody can be great because anybody can serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love.’’ By that measure, I wish to pay tribute to some of the great men and women of Hous-ton: 1. Rev. F.N. Williams, Sr. 2. Rev. Dr. S.J. Gilbert, Sr. 3. Rev. Crawford W. Kimble 4. Rev. Eldridge Stanley Branch 5. Rev. William A. Lawson 6. Rev. Johnnie Jeffery ‘‘J.J.’’ Robeson 7. Mr. El Franco Lee 8. Mr. John Brand 9. Ms. Ruby Moseley 10. Ms. Dorothy Hubbard 11. Ms. Doris Hubbard 12. Ms. Willie Bell Boone 13. Ms. Holly HogoBrooks 14. Mr. Deloyd Parker 15. Ms. Lenora ‘‘Doll’’ Carter As we celebrate Black History Month, let us pay tribute to those who have come before us, and pay forward to future generations by ad-dressing what is the number one issue for Af-rican American families, and all American fam-ilies today: preserving the American promise of economic opportunity for all. Our immediate focus must be job creation, and enacting legislation that will foster and lay the foundation for today’s and tomorrow’s gen-eration of groundbreaking activists, leaders, scientists, writers and artists to continue con-tributing to the greatness of America. We must work to get Americans back to work. We must continue to preserve the American Dream for all. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand here in celebration of the heroic and historic acts of African Americans and their indispensable contributions to this great Nation. It is through our work in creating possibilities for today and future generations that we best honor the accomplishments and legacy of our predecessors. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when President Barack Obama delivered his final State of the Union address last month, he highlighted the resilience and determination of the American people. The President touted notable achievements in sci-entific advancement, greater transparency throughout our political system, and a stronger and more equitable economy as evidence pointing to the strength of our Nation. For context, in the final month of President George W. Bush’s presidency, the economy was in free fall. The private sector lost nearly 820,000 jobs in the final month of President Bush’s presidency alone and unemployment peaked at around 10 percent in the midst of the Great Recession. Today, the economy has added 14.1 million jobs over 70 consecutive months of private-sector job growth, house-hold wealth has increased by more than $30 trillion, and average home prices have recov-ered to pre-recession levels under President Obama’s Administration. However, economic indicators are not the only method for deter-mining the true state of our union. As we celebrate Black History Month in February, it is timely to consider how other great leaders from our past would perceive the state of our union today. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. is one such leader who envisioned a greater future for our Nation in the face of un-speakable discrimination and intolerance. In his famous ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech deliv-ered at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C., Dr. King laid out his vision of our country where all men are created equal and where freedom must ring if America is to be a great nation. Today, those principles ring true. We have made great progress as a nation to move away from the darkest moments of our past. Yet, there is still much work to be done. We have witnessed continued efforts to disenfran-chise select groups of voters by gutting the Voting Rights Act and persistent racial tension between law enforcement and the commu-nities they are sworn to protect. It is a con-stant struggle that afflicts communities all across the United States and suggests that more work needs to be done if we are to achieve Dr. King’s dream. Mr. Speaker, the freedoms we enjoy in the United States are not absolute. The principles and values that define our Nation are con-stantly challenged and ever-evolving. Dr. King had a distinct vision for the future of our Na-tion and his legacy can help guide our deci-sions moving into the future so that we can avoid making the same mistakes of our past. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, each February our nation takes time to reflect on the count-less contributions African Americans have made to this country’s history. We celebrate innovators like Ohio District 11’s own Langston Hughes, pioneers like astronaut Mae Jamison, as well as political and civil rights leaders like Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Black History Month represents inclusion and innovation. It promotes America at its best. For in this month, we appreciate our col-lective strength and recognize the diversity of each and every patriot. America is a country of immigrants, and our power lies in our differences. To quote Dr. King, ‘‘We may have all come on different ships, but we’re in the same boat now.’’ No matter how we arrived, every American should have access to the same opportunity. Every individual should be able to reach his or her own potential and succeed in the home of the free and the land of the brave. Unfortunately, many do not have equitable access to opportunity. This is why the Con-gressional Black Caucus stands today. Despite the contributions and sacrifice of Af-rican Americans, many still suffer from the ef-fects of historic injustice and prejudice. We are almost three times more likely to live in pov-erty than Whites, and six times more likely to be put in jail. Our unemployment rate is nearly two times the rates of Whites. When we do find work, we make less than our White coun-terparts. As Black America reflects on its current situ-ation, many tend to ask questions such as, ‘‘What would Dr. King do?’’ or ‘‘How would the civil rights leaders of the past address the issues of the present?’’ If Dr. King was alive today, I believe he would certainly be proud of who we are. But he would also say that we must commit our-selves to moving forward together as one peo-ple and one nation. It is time we ‘‘fix our politics.’’ Not just in Washington, but everywhere. As President Barack Obama stated recently, ‘‘We are in a time of extraordinary change.’’ The Members of this House have the oppor-tunity to pass policies that reverse years of bigotry and injustice and level the playing field for all. This Black History Month, I urge my Con-gressional colleagues to celebrate through leg-islative action. Develop a new formula to en-sure the right to vote for all Americans. Reau-thorize the Higher Education Act to help more kids go to college. Combat harsh sentencing through criminal justice reform. These actions won’t just honor a race of people. They will further the hope and success of an entire nation. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and February 2 on account of a family emergency. Ms. J
ACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of of-ficial business. 
f 
EXPENDITURES BY THE OFFICE OF GENERAL COUNSEL UNDER HOUSE RESOLUTION 676, 113TH CONGRESS 
COMMITTEE ON HOUSE  A
DMINISTRATION , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 29, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to section 3(b) of H. Res. 676 of the 113th Congress, as continued by section 3(f)(2) of H. Res. 5 of the 114th Congress, I write with the following en-closure which is a statement of the aggre-gate amount expended on outside counsel and other experts on any civil action author-ized by H. Res. 676. Sincerely, C
ANDICE S. M ILLER , Chairman. 
AGGREGATE AMOUNT EXPENDED ON OUTSIDE COUNSEL OR OTHER EXPERTS 
[H. Res. 676] 
July 1–September 30, 2014 ..................................................... ......................October 1–December 31, 2014 ................................................ $42,875.00 January 1–March 31, 2015 ..................................................... 50,000.00 April 1, 2015–June 30, 2015 .................................................. 29,915.00 July 1–September 30, 2015 ..................................................... 21,000.00 October 1–December 31, 2015 ................................................ 45,707.67 Total ................................................................................ 189,497.67 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, February 2, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.037 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH430 February 1, 2016 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4156. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Removal of Jet Route J- 477; Northwestern United States [Docket No.: FAA-2015-6002; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ANM- 26] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4157. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Re-stricted Areas R-2932, R-2933, R-2934, and R- 2935; Cape Canaveral, FL [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-7213; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ASO-12] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4158. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-0828; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-146-AD; Amendment 39-18341; AD 2015-25-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4159. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2013-0300; Directorate Identifier 2011-NM-163-AD; Amendment 39-18339; AD 2015-25-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4160. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0675; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-213- AD; Amendment 39-18340; AD 2015-25-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 27, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4161. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-8311; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-039- AD; Amendment 39-18356; AD 2015-26-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 27, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4162. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-1281; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-241-AD; Amendment 39-18346; AD 2015-25-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4163. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0625; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-044-AD; Amendment 39-18343; AD 2015-25-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 27, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3382. A bill to amend the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act to enhance recreational opportunities, environmental restoration activities, and forest manage-ment activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–404, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 677. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for annual cost-of-living adjustments to be made automatically by law each year in the rates of disability compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for survivors of certain service-connected disabled veterans’ with an amendment (Rept. 114–405). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2187. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to re-vise its regulations regarding the qualifica-tions of natural persons as accredited inves-tors; with an amendment (Rept. 114–406). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2209. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid assets, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–407). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 3784. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation and a Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–408). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4168. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an annual review by the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission of the an-nual government-business forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act (Rept. 114–409). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: Committee on House Administration. H.R. 1670. A bill to di-rect the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action (Rept. 114–410). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. STIVERS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 594. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3700) to pro-vide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of various housing programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–411). Referred to the House Cal-endar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Agriculture and Trans-portation and Infrastructure dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 3382 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 4398. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for require-ments relating to documentation for major acquisition programs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Mr. V
AN H
OLLEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. E STY, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. B EYER , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. E
DWARDS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. T SONGAS , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 4399. A bill to repeal the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act, and provide for the discoverability and admissibility of gun trace information in civil proceedings; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BUTTERFIELD (for himself and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana): H.R. 4400. A bill to expand the tropical dis-ease product priority review voucher pro-gram to encourage treatments for Zika virus; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H URD of Texas, Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. R
EICHERT , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ  of California, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. P
AYNE ): H.R. 4401. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide countering violent extremism training to Department of Homeland Security representatives at State and local fusion centers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. V
ELA, and Mr. P
AYNE ): H.R. 4402. A bill to require a review of in-formation regarding persons who have trav-eled or attempted to travel from the United States to support terrorist organizations in Syria and Iraq, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01FE7.000 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H431 February 1, 2016 
LOUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. V
ELA, and Mr. P
AYNE ): H.R. 4403. A bill to authorize the develop-ment of open-source software based on cer-tain systems of the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of State to fa-cilitate the vetting of travelers against ter-rorist watchlists and law enforcement data-bases, enhance border management, and im-prove targeting and analysis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. V
ELA, and Mr. P
AYNE ): H.R. 4404. A bill to require an exercise re-lated to terrorist and foreign fighter travel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , and Ms. N ORTON ): H.R. 4405. A bill to require institutions of higher education to notify students whether student housing facilities are equipped with automatic fire sprinkler systems; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mr. H ECK of Nevada): H.R. 4406. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to train certain Department of Labor personnel how to effectively detect and as-sist law enforcement in preventing human trafficking during the course of their pri-mary roles and responsibilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. P
AYNE ): H.R. 4407. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the De-partment of Homeland Security a board to coordinate and integrate departmental intel-ligence, activities, and policy related to counterterrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. P
AYNE ): H.R. 4408. A bill to require the development of a national strategy to combat terrorist travel, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CARNEY (for himself and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 4409. A bill to direct the Federal Trade Commission to establish labels that may be used as a voluntary means of indi-cating to consumers the extent to which products are of United States origin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. G
RIJALVA , and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia): H.R. 4410. A bill to permit expungement of records of certain nonviolent criminal of-fenses, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 4411. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 4412. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself and Mr. VARGAS ): H.R. 4413. A bill to prohibit the use of funds to provide assistance to the Pacific Islands Forum Fisheries Agency under the Agree-ment Between the Government of the United States of America and the Pacific Islands Forum Fisheries Agency, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 4414. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to authorize the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to notify the public if a State agency and public water system are not taking ac-tion to address a public health risk associ-ated with drinking water requirements; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. L
EE, and Mr. H ONDA ): H.R. 4415. A bill to establish an Early Fed-eral Pell Grant Commitment Program; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. D
ELANEY ): H.R. 4416. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 4417. A bill to deauthorize portions of the project for navigation, Essex River, Mas-sachusetts; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. W
ITTMAN ): H.R. 4418. A bill to amend chapter 77 of title 5, United States Code, to clarify certain due process rights of Federal employees serv-ing in sensitive positions, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4419. A bill to update the financial dis-closure requirements for judges of the Dis-trict of Columbia courts; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and Mr. J
ORDAN ): H.R. 4420. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to provide that certain convicted felons shall be ineligible to par-ticipate in the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Mr. RANGEL: H.R. 4421. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Colonel Charles Young, in rec-ognition of his pioneering career in the United States Army during exceptionally challenging times; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. E
LLISON ): H.R. 4422. A bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to provide that the United States Postal Service may provide certain basic financial services, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 4423. A bill to provide for a program of wind energy research, development, and demonstration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, Mr. TAKAI, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. A
SHFORD , and Mr. R OONEY of Flor-ida): H.R. 4424. A bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to increase the maximum reim-bursement amount authorized for travel ex-penses incurred by certain members of the Selected Reserve of the Ready Reserve to at-tend inactive duty training outside of nor-mal commuting distances; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama: H. Con. Res. 109. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the foot soldiers who participated in the 1965 Selma to Montgomery marches; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. By Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of Cali-fornia (for herself, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H
INOJOSA , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H. Res. 593. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of February 1, 2016, through February 5, 2016, as ‘‘National School Counseling Week‘‘; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 4398. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. SCHIFF: H.R. 4399. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Equal Access to Justice for Victims of Gun Violence is constitutionally authorized under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, the Com-merce Clause and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, the Necessary and Proper Clause. Addi-tionally, the Preamble to the Constitution provides support of the authority to enact legislation to promote the General Welfare. By Mr. BUTTERFIELD: H.R. 4400. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional authority in which this bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 as applied to healthcare. By Mr. LOUDERMILK: H.R. 4401. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HURD of Texas: H.R. 4402. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01FE7.100 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH432 February 1, 2016 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HURD of Texas: H.R. 4403. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. M
CSALLY: H.R. 4404. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 4405. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8, clause 18. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 4406. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 4407. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 4408. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. CARNEY: H.R. 4409. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Artilce I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power *** To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 4410. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 4411. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 4412. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 4413. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 4414. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 4415. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Artle I, Section 9, Clause 7 No oney shall be drawn from the Treasury but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Accound of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 4416. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States but all duties, imposts, and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout. By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 4417. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4418. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4419. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 4420. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 grants Congress the power to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States.’’ By Mr. RANGEL: H.R. 4421. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 4422. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is introduced pursuant to the powers granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 7; Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause, 18; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. Further, this statement of constitutional authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 4423. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 4424. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion (clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and sup-port an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 38: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 192: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 213: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 228: Mr. N
UGENT and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 244: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 250: Mr. P
OMPEO and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 267: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 320: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 343: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 358: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 379: Mrs. B
LACK and Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California. H.R. 400: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 430: Mr. C
OSTA and Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 446: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. K
APTUR , and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 499: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 551: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 605: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 654: Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 696: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 703: Mr. P
ITTS. H.R. 790: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 793: Mr. C
RAMER , Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 802: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 815: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 842: Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. F
ARR, and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 845: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 849: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 870: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 909: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 915: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 927: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 953: Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. D
OLD. H.R. 994: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 1061: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 1076: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas. H.R. 1089: Mr. H
IGGINS and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 1112: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1125: Mr. J
OLLY and Mr. U PTON . H.R. 1150: Mr. S
ALMON and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 1198: Ms. P
INGREE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.038 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H433 February 1, 2016 
H.R. 1220: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1258: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 1288: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D
UFFY , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 1292: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 1301: Mr. P
EARCE and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 1397: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. B
OST, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. C AL-
VERT , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. G UTH-
RIE, and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 1427: Mr. S
ALMON and Mrs. Watson Coleman. H.R. 1475: Mr. S
TUTZMAN , Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. R OO-
NEY of Florida, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 1550: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 1559: Mr. C
RENSHAW and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 1565: Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia. H.R. 1567: Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida and Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 1586: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 1608: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. J
OLLY , and Mr. P AULSEN . H.R. 1703: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 1763: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1848: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 1854: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1902: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 1904: Mr. W
ALKER and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 1905: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 1942: Mr. D
OGGETT and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 2016: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 2083: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 2093: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.R. 2104: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 2156: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 2209: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 2255: Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 2257: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2264: Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 2266: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 2274: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 2283: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 2290: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2300: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2313: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 2334: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 2411: Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 2434: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 2519: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2524: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 2526: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 2544: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 2568: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 2602: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2653: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 2663: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 2669: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2730: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 2874: Ms. D
UCKWORTH and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 2901: Mr. S
CALISE . H.R. 2972: Mr. R
ICHMOND and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 3012: Mr. C
RAMER and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 3029: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3036: Mr. N
UNES and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 3092: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 3103: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 3110: Mr. S
HIMKUS and Mr. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 3119: Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. A
SHFORD , and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 3159: Ms. JACKSON LEEand Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 3180: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 3222: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 3224: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3225: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 3248: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 3326: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 3337: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3345: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 3355: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 3365: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN and Mr. S HER-
MAN. H.R. 3381: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS . H.R. 3406: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3411: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3520: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 3546: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. H.R. 3566: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 3579: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 3619: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 3640: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 3677: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3687: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 3698: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 3710: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 3711: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3720: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. H.R. 3742: Mr. H
URTof Virginia, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. P
OCAN , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 3746: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 3799: Mr. L
ABRADOR , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 3805: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 3818: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 3852: Ms. K
USTER and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 3886: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. B EATTY , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3892: Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. B UCK, Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 3936: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 3940: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 3952: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 3957: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , H.R. 3965: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3970: Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 4000: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 4003: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 4009: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 4013: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 4019: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4026: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 4043: Mr. M
CDERMOTT and Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington. H.R. 4055: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 4062: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 4073: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. K EATING , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 4080: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. M
CDERMOTT , and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 4084: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 4087: Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 4126: Mr. B
UCHANAN and Mr. T OM P
RICE of Georgia. H.R. 4137: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4177: Mr. N
UGENT . H.R. 4184: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 4185: Mr. T
HORNBERRY and Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 4196: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4210: Mr. B
ARRand Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 4212: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Mr. L EWIS. H.R. 4219: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 4230: Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. G
RAYSON , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. L
EE, Ms. E STY, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. M ENG, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. B ASS, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4249: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4253: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4262: Mr. S
TEWART and Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK . H.R. 4271: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 4273: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4279: Mr. M
ICA. H.R. 4293: Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 4294: Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 4295: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 4298: Mr. F
ARR. H.R. 4301: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida and Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 4313: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 4324: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4336: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. Y OUNG  of Iowa, Mr. R
USH, and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 4348: Mr. P
ALAZZO and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 4350: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4352: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 4364: Ms. F
UDGE and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4378: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. B EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 4380: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mr. H
ONDA . H.J. Res. 74: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. L
EVIN and Ms. M ENG. H. Con. Res. 88: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H. Con. Res. 99: Mr. W
ELCH . H. Con. Res. 100: Mr. F
LEMING and Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois. H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. T OM P
RICE of Georgia. H. Res. 12: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H. Res. 14: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. G IBSON , Ms. G
ABBARD , and Mr. W ALZ. H. Res. 194: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H. Res. 220: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H. Res. 265: Mr. H
ANNA . H. Res. 289: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M OORE , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. H. Res. 343: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. N OR-
CROSS , and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H. Res. 451: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. F
LORES . H. Res. 469: Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan. H. Res. 494: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. R
OTHFUS , and Mrs. L OVE. H. Res. 501: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mrs. B
LACK , and Mr. G ALLEGO . H. Res. 509: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H. Res. 551: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. S
ALMON , Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. C OHEN . H. Res. 554: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H. Res. 569: Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. W ALZ, and Mrs. L OWEY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:34 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.027 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH434 February 1, 2016 
H. Res. 571: Mr. B ARRand Mrs. B LACK . H. Res. 582: Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. M ULLIN , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. N UGENT , Mrs. E LLMERS  of North Carolina, and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H. Res. 586: Ms. H
AHN, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C
OHEN . DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: H.R. 546: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania. H.R. 1019: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 1401: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.031 H01FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S405 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 2016 No. 18 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable B
ILL C
ASSIDY , a Senator from the State of Louisiana. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, the center of our joy, You are the source of all of our bless-ings. Thank You for Your unfailing love that provides us each day with the privilege of glorifying Your Name. Lord, help us to remember that You are an ever-present help for all our troubles. Today, inspire our Senators to trust You to direct their steps. As they are pressed by many issues, help them to slow down long enough to seek Your wisdom. Cheer their hearts with the knowledge that in everything You are working for the good of those who love You, sustaining them by Your grace. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The bill clerk read the following let-ter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, February 1, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable BILLCASSIDY , a Sen- ator from the State of Louisiana, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. CASSIDY thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the senior Senator from Alaska knows that reform is urgently needed to modernize America’s energy policies for a new era, with new challenges and new op-portunities. Under her leadership, the energy committee has worked hard the past year to achieve that aim. The committee convened listening sessions, the committee held oversight hearings, the committee worked hard and worked across the aisle focusing on areas of common ground that can move our country forward. That constructive and collaborative process ultimately resulted in a broad bipartisan energy bill, the Energy Pol-icy Modernization Act. It cleared com-mittee with the support of more than 80 percent of the Senators, Republicans and Democrats alike, including the top energy committee Republican, the Sen-ator from Alaska, and the top energy committee Democrat, the Senator from Washington. Both recognize the importance of preparing our country for the energy challenges of today and the energy opportunities of tomorrow. They are also committed bill man-agers. I ask colleagues to continue working with them as they have amendments. Talk to the Senators from Alaska and Washington and get your amendments dealt with. This is bipartisan legislation that provides a commonsense approach to help Ameri-cans produce more energy, pay less for energy, save energy, all without rais-ing taxes or adding to the deficit. So let’s keep working and move the process forward. Let’s keep working to pass this bipartisan bill. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of S. 2012, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2012) to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Murkowski amendment No. 2953, in the na-ture of a substitute. Murkowski (for Cassidy/Markey) amend-ment No. 2954 (to amendment No. 2953), to provide for certain increases in, and limita-tions on, the drawdown and sales of the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve. Murkowski amendment No. 2963 (to amend-ment No. 2953), to modify a provision relat-ing to bulk-power system reliability impact statements. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CONGRATULATING THE NFL ’S NFC CHAMPION  
CAROLINA PANTHERS AND THE ARIZONA CAR -
DINALS  
Mr. M CCAIN. Last week, Senator T
ILLIS and I agreed to a friendly—or not so friendly—wager on the NFC championship game. The terms of that friendly wager are that the loser would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.000 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES406 February 1, 2016 
deliver a congratulatory speech on the Senate floor and wish the winner luck in the Super Bowl. Unfortunately— even tragically—this is what brings me before you today. It is also why I am wearing this unsightly blue tie, which I am sure is an assault on the senses of C–SPAN viewers all over the world. It is with all sincerity that I wish the Carolina Panthers luck as they play the Denver Broncos in Super Bowl 50. The 15–1 NFC championship season has been nothing short of remarkable. Led by head coach Ron Rivera and the sen-sational quarterback Cam Newton, the Panthers have been a dominant force all season long as they certainly were against the Arizona Cardinals. I have no doubt we will see the Panthers’ ex-plosive offense continue to have suc-cess in Super Bowl 50. While I could go on about the Panthers’ impressive of-fensive line and coaching staff, I would like to take this opportunity to con-gratulate my Arizona Cardinals on an exceptional season that included nu-merous milestones. The Cardinals’ wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald wrote re-cently that the Cardinals ‘‘broke the mold of what kind of football people expect to be played in the desert.’’ Wit-nessing this team achieve a franchise record of 13 regular season wins and a No. 2 seed in the NFC, Arizonans could not agree more. Perhaps there is no better example of the Cardinals’ toughness and never- say-die attitude than their thrilling January 16 overtime win over Green Bay. After an improbable Hail Mary touchdown pass from Green Bay quar-terback Aaron Rodgers to send the game into overtime, the Cardinals— boosted by two amazing and memo-rable plays by the legendary Larry Fitzgerald—scored the game-winning touchdown to advance to the NFC championship game. I have always been proud to count myself among the most loyal and spir-ited Cardinals fans, and I am confident Arizona will continue to see exciting Super Bowl-caliber performances in the season to come. Congratulations to Arizona Car-dinals’ president Michael Bidwell, head coach Bruce Arians, and the members of the 2015 Arizona Cardinals on a ban-ner season. I also recognize Larry Fitz-gerald, Carson Palmer, Patrick Peter-son, Mike Iupati, Justin Bethel, Calais Campbell, and Tyrann Mathieu, known as the Honey Badger, for being selected to represent the Cardinals in the Pro Bowl this year. All season long, these two teams stood among the best in the NFL. On any given Sunday, anything can hap-pen. Unfortunately, for my Cardinals last Sunday was not their day. Senator T
ILLIS , you may have gotten the best of me this year, but I have a good feeling this is not the last time one of us will stand before the body to offer our congratulations. You would be wise to get a head start and pur-chase a Cardinals’ red and white tie now because you will be standing in my shoes this time next year. I guarantee it. To Carolina Panthers head coach Ron Rivera, the NFL’s probable MVP Cam Newton, and every member of the Caro-lina Panthers football team, good luck on Sunday. To my beloved Cardinals, thanks for an exciting season. I look forward to your bringing a Super Bowl trophy home to the valley next year. Go Cards. Mr. President, I gladly yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. WELCOMING THE NEW PAGES  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, be-fore I begin my remarks, I want to wel-come the new pages to the Senate. We said goodbye to a great group of young men and young women from around the country last week, their last day being Friday. Here we are on Monday, and we have a whole new batch. So to you all, through the Chair, wel-come. Know that you are here at a most exciting and interesting time. We rely on our pages a great deal, and it is always nice to see these young ambas-sadors who come to us from around the country to serve us in the Senate. Wel-come. Mr. President, I wish to give an up-date as to where we are on the status of our broad bipartisan energy bill. Last week we started out a little rough be-cause of the blizzard, the snow days. But once we began the debate, we heard some very strong statements in support of our Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act. We heard it from Members on both sides of the aisle, and that was very en-couraging. We heard Members tout pro-visions that relate to supply, to inno-vation, to efficiency, really the whole gamut. As we promised, we began an open amendment process, which has already drawn close to 200 proposals now. Last week we accepted 11 amendments. We had three rollcall votes, and we had eight voice votes. I think it is impor-tant to recognize that those amend-ments were sponsored by 10 different Senators. They were cosponsored by many, many others, and they really add to the Members whose priorities we have seen incorporated into the energy bill through the process that we had in committee. So the benefit of really getting back to regular order, where you have good, robust committee work, then being able to come to the floor, to go through the amendment process, and then to gain input from other Members is kind of good, old-fashioned governing. I like the fact that we are back to it. We agreed to boost our efforts to de-velop advanced nuclear energy tech-nologies. This came to us by way of an amendment from a very diverse group. Some might not have anticipated the collection of Senators that this ad-vanced nuclear energy technology measure brought together. It was the two Senators from Idaho, RISCH and C
RAPO , and we had Senator B OOKER , both Senator K
IRKand Senator D URBIN  from Illinois, as well as Senator H
ATCH  and Senator W
HITEHOUSE . With this amendment, we have all different per-spectives in terms of political perspec-tives as well as geographic. We also agreed to a proposal from Senator D
AINES and Senator T ESTER  that will help facilitate the use of clean, renewable hydropower in their State of Montana. Among others, we agreed to an amendment from Senator C
APITO and Senator M
ANCHIN to study the feasi-bility of an ethane storage and dis-tribution hub in this country. I think that is a real possibility as a result of the shale gas revolution. We moved through 11 amendments. Eleven is a good number, but, honestly, I would have hoped that we would have been able to process more amendments last week. What we are going to do this week—and I am going to put everybody on notice—is that we are going to re-double our efforts. I want to move for-ward and process even more over these next couple of days. Our staffs have been extraordinarily busy over this weekend, as have I and as has been Senator C
ANTWELL , my ranking member. We were going through all of the amendments that have been offered to the bill, deter-mining which ones we can clear, which ones we need to bring up for a vote, and which may not be offered at all. We are moving right along, and that is good. We need to keep moving right along be-cause we know that time on the floor is not unlimited. As important as the en-ergy bill is and as important as mod-ernizing our energy policies are, we are not the only show in town here. There are Members and there are other com-mittees that are either on deck or want to be on deck. They are waiting for their turn and are waiting to move to advance their bills. If we still have Members who are thinking about filing amendments, I strongly encourage that be done today. We have dozens of options to vote on. So at this point, unfiled amendments are really at a disadvantage, just given all that we are dealing with. Know that we are going to process as many amendments as possible, but the win-dow for advancing them is closing rap-idly. Many of the amendments we are see-ing would address opportunities and challenges from across the energy spec-trum. I really am thankful for the Sen-ators who have come forward with very, very constructive suggestions and for their work to make this bill even better. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.002 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S407 February 1, 2016 
As we resume consideration of this legislation today, I also want to ex-plain how the provisions that are al-ready within the Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act will help our country. I want to do that today—to spend a few minutes this afternoon—by explaining how it will benefit my home State of Alaska, how it will help Alaskans produce more energy and more min-erals, how it will help Alaskans pay less for their energy, and how it will boost Alaska’s economy at a time when we really need a boost. The most obvious place to start is with supply. Alaska, as all my col-leagues know, is a producer for the rest of the country—really, for the rest of the world. That is our legacy. It is also our future. That is because we are blessed with an amazing abundance of resources that most States—and, real-ly, even most countries—cannot even dream of. You name the resource, and there is a pretty good chance that we have it. In fact, there is a pretty good chance that we have a lot of it. How will our bill help Alaska produce more energy and minerals? For start-ers, it boosts hydropower development. Hydropower right now provides 24 per-cent of our State’s electricity, which is good and critically important. There are however more than 200 promising sites with untapped hydropower poten-tial. So our commitment to this clean, renewable resource and our efforts to improve the regulatory process for it could benefit communities throughout the southeastern part of the State, the south-central part, and the southwest. It provides benefit for all. Our bill also streamlines the ap-proval process for LNG exports. The Presiding Officer knows full well the benefit that this will bring to the coun-try, but it will also ensure that in Alaska our efforts to market its stranded natural gas can proceed in a timely manner without Federal delay, which is extremely important for us as we move forward with our efforts to move Alaska’s natural gas. It will also help Alaskans harness more of our geothermal potential. We have enormous quantities of geo-thermal, but we have some challenges, as you know, with our extensive geog-raphy. But we are looking to develop a renewable resource that could poten-tially help power one-quarter of our States’ communities, particularly in some very remote, high-cost energy States. Our bill also reauthorizes a program to advance the development of elec-tricity from ocean and river currents as well as tides and waves. I have men-tioned before that Alaska has some 33,000 miles of coastline. That is a lot of area to harness the power of the tides and waves. There is considerable potential to generate electricity from our extensive river systems as well. So working to do more with our ma-rine hydrokinetic and our ocean energy could really provide a boost to projects that are showcasing some new tech-nologies, such as those that we have proposed in Igiugig. Yakutat is looking at a project south of Kenai and along the Yukon River. Within the bill we also promote the production of heat and electricity from the tremendous biomass resources within our forests, which could help the development of technology to aid the construction of wood pellet plants across the State, again taking that re-source that is there and helping to re-duce our energy costs. It will also renew a research program to develop Alaska’s immense resources of frozen methane hydrates. This is something they sometimes call fire ice. It has sig-nificant promise as a secure, long-term source of American energy, but making sure that we are able to move out on that research is going to be important. Then there is a subtitle on minerals, a very important part of our bill. I spoke on Thursday that we have incor-porated much of the text of my Amer-ican Mineral Security Act, which is de-signed to focus on our Nation’s deep-ening dependence on foreign minerals and the concern that we do not want to get in the same place with our min-erals that we once saw with oil, where we are reliant on foreign sources to supply the things that we need. We are obviously known in Alaska for our oil production, but Alaska also has nearly unparalleled potential for mineral production. We had a hearing last year before the Energy and Nat-ural Resources Committee, and we had the deputy commissioner of the Alaska Department of Natural Resources, Ed Fogels, testify. He said: If Alaska were a country, we would be in the top 10 in the world for coal, copper, lead, gold, zinc, and silver. He also noted that we have the potential to produce many of the minerals that we import from abroad. One example is our State gov-ernment has already identified over 70 deposits of rare earth elements just within the borders of the State. As I mentioned last week on the floor, we use rare earth for everything from re-newable energy technologies and smartphones to defense applications. Right now in this country we are not producing any of that supply—none of that supply on our own—yet we have the potential to do so in Alaska. If we pass this bill, our Nation will begin to place a much greater priority on resource assessments so that we can understand what we have. If we have not done an inventory, if we have not done an assessment, how do we really know the extent of our mineral re-sources? We will finally make some common-sense reforms to improve our notori-ously slow Federal permitting system, which could benefit some of the projects that we have that we would like to get moving on. We have a project on Prince of Wales Island called Bokan Mountain that has rare earth potential. We also have a graphite de-posit near Nome, and making sure that we help some of the changes that we see within this bill will be important. As we produce more of our natural resources, Alaskans will benefit signifi-cantly. We will see new jobs created, new revenues will be generated for our State’s treasury, and local energy costs, which is the next area I want to focus on, will decline, allowing Alas-kans to keep more of their money for other purposes and needs. This is an issue when I am at home and I am talk-ing to Alaskans about what their No. 1 concerns and priorities are. I do not care what part of the State I am talk-ing to folks. It is all about the high en-ergy costs and what we can do to make a difference. What can we do to bring down our energy costs? The Energy Policy Modernization Act will not only boost our energy sup-plies, but it is also designed to help lower the costs of energy and to help lower the cost of energy for Alaskans. We are an energy and a mineral pro-ducer in the State, but due to our vast geography, energy is still extremely expensive in many parts of the State. It is always an eyepopper for people to do a comparison of what is going on with energy costs. Right now in the lower 48, people are enjoying going to the filling station and seeing prices that are less than $2 a gallon. I was in Nome, AK, just a few weeks ago, and they are paying over $5.50 a gallon at the pump. It is not unusual that in many of our communities around the State, we are still looking at $5 a gal-lon for fuel. This is not only fuel for your vehicles or your snow machine or your four-wheeler to move you around or for your boat. It is also your stove oil and how you are keeping warm. So it is moving around, keeping you warm, and you are paying extraor-dinarily high costs. In many cases, our electricity costs are two to three times higher than in most other States. When we think about what it means to live in a community where effectively 40 to 50 percent of the household budg-et goes to stay warm and to keep the lights on—what does that leave for educating your kids, for feeding your kids, and for retirement? It does not leave you with much when you are spending half of your income to stay warm and to keep your lights on. This is part of the reality in Alaska that every day we work to address and every day we work to make a dif-ference. State Senator Lymon Hoffman is from the Bethel region and has been a voice for rural Alaska. He sent me a letter last year. He wrote that ‘‘the high cost of diesel and home heating fuels are just crushing’’ in rural Alaska and that he believes ‘‘the energy situa-tion is the single, most important problem facing the lives and well-being of rural Alaskans.’’ I agree with him. That is why we worked so hard within the Energy Policy Modernization Act to make sure that as we are modern-izing our energy policies, we are work-ing to do everything we can to lower the costs of energy for Americans and for Alaskans. We reauthorized the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.004 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES408 February 1, 2016 
Weatherization Assistance Program, which provides our State with funding to improve the energy efficiency for low-income families’ homes. We also renewed the State Energy Program, which allows Alaska to invest in en-ergy efficiency, renewable energy, emergency preparedness, and other pri-orities. As we have heard talked about on the floor, we have an entire title of the bill—Senator P
ORTMAN and Senator S
HAHEEN have been working on this— devoted to efficiency for everything from voluntary building code improve-ments to the retrofitting of schools. As our vehicles, our appliances, and our homes are all becoming more energy efficient, that in turn works to reduce energy consumption as well as energy costs throughout the State. This bill also has a provision to pro-mote the development of hybrid microgrid systems. I get excited about this part of the bill because I can see the direct application in my State. It allows communities to utilize local re-sources and storage technologies. Microgrids are critical within the State of Alaska. We have multiple doz-ens of isolated communities that are not connected to anybody’s grid. In fact, they are hundreds of miles from anything that could even be considered a grid. So how do they get their en-ergy? They are basically burning diesel to meet their electricity needs. So what we are seeing come together are energy solutions where you take a lit-tle bit of wind and perhaps a little bit of hydromarine, hydrokinetic, coupled with battery and storage, and we are finding some solutions. It is innova-tive. In fact, it is so innovative we have a hearing scheduled over the Presi-dents Day recess up in Bethel, AK, so Members can see what we are doing when it comes to energy innovation and coupling things together to make them work. We are never going to be part of a big energy grid in many parts of our State. We have had some great successes— such as Kodiak, a huge fishing port, which now produces 99.7 percent of its electricity from renewables. They have wind, they have hydro, and they have a storage system that has allowed it to work. But think about it. This is a major fishing port which, during the summer, needs a lot of energy when they are processing the fish. During the winter months, the local people there do not have energy needs that are as high as the demand during the summer. So how do you even this out? How do you make it meet during the highs and the lows? This is what Ko-diak has done. They have taken them-selves, as a community that was once 100 percent dependent on diesel for their energy needs, to being 99.7 per-cent on renewables. One of the best provisions in the bill to help address energy costs is a modi-fication that we make within DOE’s Loan Guarantee Program. Instead of allowing only major corporations to apply, we allow States with energy-fi-nancing institutions to seek funding and to advance a range of energy projects. Just to give a little context here, if the bill becomes law, the State of Alas-ka would be able to apply for a loan guarantee and then use those funds to help rural communities finance small hydropower projects, geothermal wells, MHK technology, marine hydrokinetic technologies, and the hybrid microgrids that I have been talking about. So instead of these top-down, government-driven programs, we would see the State DOE programs and other elements contained within this Energy Policy Modernization Act leveraging the innovation of local people— leveraging the innovation of Alaskans, the American people, and the private sector—to improve our energy land-scapes. These are just a few of the ways that this Energy Policy Modernization Act will help Alaskans produce more en-ergy, save energy, and reduce local en-ergy costs. In the process, the extra gain and benefit is that we create new jobs, generate new revenues, and pro-vide other economic benefits we sorely need right now. I have talked about Alaska and the impacts on my State as a result of modernizing our energy policies, but know that as Alaska benefits, other States benefit as well. Many of the pro-visions I have mentioned in my com-ments this afternoon are just as appli-cable in Louisiana, Maine, Arizona, and Montana as they are in my State. This bill will fairly bring economic benefits to every State, and as it brings eco-nomic benefits, the energy security that stems from the economic security that leads to the national security makes us all stronger—yet another reason I encourage the Senate to work with Senator C
ANTWELL and me over these next couple of days to move for-ward this broad, bipartisan effort to modernize our Nation’s energy policies. Mr. President, I know we have Mem-bers who are anxious to speak this afternoon. Again, I will make the same request I made earlier: If Members are interested in submitting any amend-ments to the Energy Policy Moderniza-tion Act, now is the time because we are going to be moving—and hopefully moving quickly—so we can proceed with some expediency and efficiency throughout this week. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from New Mexico. 
WELCOMING THE NEW PAGES  
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I wish to echo the comments Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI made in terms of the new pages. We welcome all of you. We are excited about having you here. It is a big change to go from the previous pages to the new pages. We are excited about how things are moving along. As many people will tell you around here, pages end up doing great things. I have served in the House, and I have served in the Senate. There are Members of the House who started as pages, and there are Members of the Senate who started here as pages. So we are proud of you and expect good things of you. Mr. President, it has been over 8 years since we passed a comprehensive energy bill. A lot has changed since then. I first want to thank Senators MUR-
KOWSKI and C ANTWELL for their leader-ship and hard work. I know both of them worked very hard to find common ground. Senator M
URKOWSKI is my chairman of the Interior Department Appropriations subcommittee, and she is always trying to find a way for us to work together to move that appropria-tions bill forward. The same thing is true of Senator C
ANTWELL ’s very good leadership on the energy committee. They both had a very tough job, and they crafted an energy bill that I be-lieve moves us forward. This legislation isn’t perfect, but it is bipartisan and it is moving us in the right direction. I am pleased that my bill, the Smart Energy and Water Effi-ciency Act, was included in this legis-lation. All too often, treated water is lost. A lot of it is wasted because of leaks and broken pipes. My State and many States have had historic droughts. We need every drop of water we can get. We can’t afford leaking pipes. We have to do better, and we can do better. This bill supports the Federal pilot projects to develop water and energy efficiency technology. We can create a smart grid of technology to detect leaks in pipes even before they happen. This is critical to communities all across our Nation. Saving water is sav-ing energy. Treating and transporting water is energy intensity. The more we waste, the more we pay—now and later. I also plan to file an amendment I have been working on with a number of other Senators. This amendment, like the House Energy bill, authorizes the WaterSense Program at EPA. The WaterSense Program is to water effi-ciency what the ENERGY STAR label is to energy efficiency. Products and services that have earned the WaterSense label have to be at least 20 percent more efficient without sacri-ficing performance. It promotes smart water use and helps consumers decide which products are water efficient. By authorizing this valuable program, we will make the WaterSense Program permanent and help consumers save water energy and money. We face great challenges, and one thing is very clear: Our energy future depends on investment in a clean en-ergy economy. We have to be bold, we have to be innovative, and we have to encourage investment in the kind of creativity and enterprise that change the world and move us in the right di-rection. So today I am proposing a new initiative that will help us make those investments: clean energy victory bonds. During the First and Second World Wars, our country faced threats we had 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.010 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S409 February 1, 2016 
never faced before. We rose to the chal-lenge. We gave it everything we had. Everyone contributed. For many, that included investing in victory bonds. They helped pay for the costs of war— $185 billion—over $2 trillion in today’s money. Folks lined up to buy those bonds. That is the spirit of the Amer-ican people—to pull together. It was true then, and it is true now. Today, we face a very different threat, but it also requires us all to come together to face our challenges and to fight. National security experts tell us that rising global temperatures are one of our greatest security con-cerns. In 2015, global temperature records were shattered—records that were set just the year before. Climate change threatens agriculture, public health, water resources, and weather patterns. We are already feeling the impacts. In New Mexico, temperatures have been rising 50 percent faster than the global average, not just this year or last year but for decades. We have had historic drought. We have had the worst wildfires in our history. The science is clear: The threat is growing, and time is running out. We must act. Governments are working to-gether to reduce emissions, as we saw in Paris last month. The United States is leading, with commitments from over 140 nations to reduce their emis-sions. This is providing a major signal in the marketplace and is driving up interest in investing in clean energy. Over the next 5 years, 20 nations will double their renewable energy research to $20 billion. Industry is stepping up to the plate as well, pledging to invest at least $2 billion in clean energy startups. This is progress. This is mo-mentum. Our job now is to keep it going. Investment—public and pri-vate—is the key. My amendment is very simple. It di-rects the Secretaries of Treasury and Energy to submit a plan to Congress, to develop clean energy victory bonds— bonds all Americans could invest in. These bonds would raise up to $50 bil-lion. That money could leverage up to $150 billion to invest in clean energy technology and would create over 1 million new jobs. People across the country want to do their part. They want to invest in a clean energy future and to help fight climate change. But most of them can’t afford clean energy mutual funds with $1,000 or $5,000 minimums. Many can’t afford $25 or $50. We must invest in jobs and healthier communities. Clean energy victory bonds will provide that opportunity. We can do this with-out any new taxes on individuals or businesses. Bonds are completely vol-untary, and they are an opportunity for ordinary Americans who see the challenge and who want to do some-thing about it. Here is how it works: Like war bonds, clean energy victory bonds would be U.S. Treasury bonds backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Govern-ment. Investors will earn back their full investment—plus interest that comes from energy savings to the gov-ernment—and loan repayments for solid projects. The investment would make a critical difference in our en-ergy future. I urge my colleagues to support this effort. We face a great challenge, and we have a great opportunity. Now is the time for action. The American peo-ple want to pitch in and do what they can to fight global warming and to help ensure that the United States leads the world in the clean energy economy. Support for this amendment is growing with groups like the American Sustain-able Business Council and Green Amer-ica. Americans are already asking where they can purchase these bonds. This Energy bill is a good step, but it is a modest step. Our energy and cli-mate challenges demand much more. Again, I thank Chairman M
URKOWSKI  and Ranking Member C
ANTWELL . They have managed to move a bipartisan bill and keep the process on track. I urge them to accept my amendment and to further strengthen this bill. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Alabama. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ap-preciate the leaders who have worked on this bill—Senator M
URKOWSKI and Senator C
ANTWELL —and the good work they put into it. I have served on the Energy Committee and now serve on Environment and Public Works. Those are important committees as we wres-tle with how to produce energy at lower prices that is healthy for our Na-tion. As we consider this Energy Policy Modernization Act, I want to focus on a critical point about public policy and what is a primary goal of the United States of America. We are in a very competitive world. Energy is a big part of how we compete on manufacturing, production, and jobs. The American people want us to focus on that. In addition, energy impacts every-body when they fill up their tank and when they drive to work. It is impor-tant when it comes to paying the elec-tric bill or the heating bill at home. Is it expensive or inexpensive? The price of energy has a dramatic impact on the quality of life for American people to a degree that is almost impossible to as-certain. When the price of gasoline is cut in half and somebody has a long commute every day, they may have had $200 a month in gasoline bills and now it is $100. They have $100 extra in their pocket. Without taxes, without insurance, and without house pay-ments to be paid out of that, they can use that to take care of their own per-sonal needs—their family, their vaca-tion, going out to eat, or just paying down that credit card that has been run up too high. For decades Republicans have called for producing more American energy. Our Democratic colleagues have at-tacked those proposals that would in-crease the supply of energy, claiming that these efforts are part of some cor-rupt deal with big oil companies to make them rich at the expense of the taxpayers and the American citizens. That has been the argument. You have heard it for the last 30 years. But is that the correct way to analyze the challenges we face? Is that the way to establish good, sound public policy that will produce more American en-ergy and bring down the cost? Our Democratic colleagues objected to the Keystone Pipeline. We had a number of votes over a number of years, and finally it passed, and then the President vetoed that. What would the Keystone Pipeline do? It would produce another source of oil for the United States of America. Is that good or bad for big Texas oil companies? It is bad for those companies. It made it harder for them to get a higher price. There is another substantial compet-itor pouring another supply of oil into the United States. This was not a corrupt deal to try to benefit some big oil company but a way to make the supply more plentiful, to bring down the cost of energy for American people. That is what we were fighting for, and it baffled me to no end that the President finally vetoed it at the end, after the American people so clearly favored it. The Federal ban on drilling in the Gulf of Mexico—we had the Deepwater Horizon disaster in 2010. There is no doubt about that. This country really focused on it. Great effort was made to find out how it happened and how we could prevent it in the future. Eventu-ally the Obama administration said they were reopening production in the gulf—I thought it took longer than necessary. There is now onsite, according to a government official, a cap, and if the Horizon Disaster were to occur again, that cap within matter of days could be taken out, and it would successfully have stopped that blowout as well. We didn’t have it in advance. We should have had it. But that is fixed, and other things were done, and the Presi-dent said we are going to open up drill-ing in the Gulf of Mexico. It wasn’t so. They referred to it as a de facto mora-torium. They still couldn’t get ap-proval, and we lost a lot of production that went to other places around the globe. More production means lower prices. More American oil means more Amer-ican jobs and more revenue for the Fed-eral and State governments that ben-efit from that and a smaller wealth transfer from Americans to some for-eign country which may be hostile to us and from which we have to buy our oil. We should look to head in that di-rection. Additionally, the Obama administra-tion recently placed a moratorium on new leases for coal mined on Federal lands. I believe the administration has bypassed Congress and the will of the American people by drafting regula-tions that seriously constrain the use 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.011 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES410 February 1, 2016 
of coal as an energy source. We just have to use coal. It is a magnificent en-ergy source. We can do it and are doing it cleaner year after year. Closing producing coal mines reduces American energy competition and cer-tainly increases the cost of everyday living for Americans, and it certainly causes economic dislocation where mine after mine is being closed and United Mine Workers are being laid off. I have always believed in and fought for increased energy production for the American people—not for big oil com-panies but because greater production brings down price. We know now that is true because we have seen a world-wide increase in supplies, which has re-sulted in a dramatic decrease in the price of oil—an amount below what anyone may have expected. This price collapse affects Americans at the gas pump every day. Gas prices are the lowest they have been since 2008. The national average as of last week was $1.84. This is half of what it was a few months ago. This has been my goal and the goal of my Republican colleagues and a lot of Members on both sides of the aisle. In addition, we have increased oil production throughout the country with new fracking technologies. We have had battle after battle over that, but we have never had water supplies that have been impacted adversely by fracking. It is a highly efficient tech-nology. It also helped collapse the price of oil. We have had good, bipartisan support for efficiency breakthroughs over the years. They have caused us to have a car that uses a little less gas, houses that are more efficient, and other en-ergy sources that are more efficient. As a result, we have needed less oil. That also helps increase the supply as the demand increases. That has been a positive step toward seeing the collapse in prices. If Big Oil were so powerful, how is it that the price of oil has gone from $140 a barrel to $30 a barrel? They dictate the price. They can set the price at whatever they want it to be. Not if the supply starts coming in in large num-bers. The prices begin to decline. It was at $140 a barrel, and now it is at $30, $35 a barrel. The energy industry supports 9.8 mil-lion U.S. jobs, which represents 8 per-cent of the U.S. economy. Low energy costs are critical to advance American manufacturing. Without affordable, ef-ficient, and reliable energy sources, American companies cannot supply their factories and employees with the kind of production we want to see. In a recent investment report, Stand-ard & Poors wrote that affordable en-ergy is critical to give U.S. manufac-turers ‘‘a competitive edge over over-seas competitors.’’ We have lower en-ergy prices than Europe, Japan, and South Korea. That is an advantage. We want to keep that advantage. We need more American jobs, not fewer. We need to see fewer offshore in-cidents than we have seen. We need to have some onshoring, some return of manufacturing to America. If we can keep our energy prices low, that is a way our businesses can take advantage of that and expand their production of various products, many of which can be sold around the world. The President’s agenda, which he has carried on since the beginning, has had the effect of really helping foreign countries by keeping our prices higher than they should be and blocking rea-sonable efforts to add more production in America. Instead of American en-ergy being promoted at home and abroad, Iran is able to export oil more freely, thanks to the President’s flawed nuclear deal. Instead of promoting the general welfare of the United States, the President has limited the produc-tion of domestic oil, further increasing costs for consumers. Regulators have delayed American production many times. These are important dynamics, along with nuclear power. I believe this is a very valuable part of the American en-ergy production. I have been a strong advocate of nuclear power for years, and Republicans have too. It is a direct competitor to Big Oil, to carbon fuel, and we need more of that. So I think we need to remember that. Yes, wind and solar are getting more competitive, but it still remains for the most part more expensive in most places in the country. I hope it will continue to drop in price. Maybe it will. But I can’t imagine we will see dramatic decreases any time soon. If we were to shift America immediately to a total solar and wind power system, prices would go through the roof. It would hammer Americans far more than we have ever seen before. I think this bill has many good quali-ties. It helps improve efficiency and in-novation, and maybe we can build on it in a way that will bring America to the point where we can produce more American supply, keep prices down, help revitalize our manufacturing base, and put this country in a position to compete far more effectively in the world marketplace. I thank the Chair and yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I wish to address an issue that the Senator from Alabama touched on before he leaves the floor. I am here to speak about the Florida Everglades, but since the Senator just raised the issue of the Gulf of Mexico, which is certainly an interest of his, just as it is for the Act-ing President pro tempore, the Senator from Louisiana, I just want to clarify something and make sure the Senators understand that this part of the Gulf of Mexico, which is off-limits to drilling up to and through 2022, has nothing to do with the Obama administration. It has to do with a law that Senator Mar-tinez and I passed in the last half of the last decade. Now, why did we do that? Well, it would be nice to say that we were pre-scient and understood that when the oil spilled into the gulf off of Lou-isiana—relative to the whole spill, a little oil got into Florida and covered up Pensacola Beach and got into Perdido Bay, Pensacola Bay, Choctawhatchee Bay and went as far east as Panama City Beach; the sugary white beaches that so many people visit were just covered with tar balls— as a result, a whole tourist season was lost, not just for Pensacola, Destin, Sandestin, and Panama City Beach but for the entire gulf coast of Florida down to Clearwater Beach, Sarasota, Fort Myers, Naples and for the farmost beaches on the west coast of Florida on the gulf and Marco Island. Now, if that were not enough, I just want the Sen-ator to understand why we are so op-posed to drilling off the coast of Flor-ida. Clearly, there is the economic rea-son. So much of the environment got messed up, and it was unhealthy for the critters that get into the estuaries. Here is the ringer, and the Senator from Alabama will especially appre-ciate this because he has, at times, been my leader on the Armed Services Committee. The Gulf of Mexico off of Florida is the largest testing and train-ing range in the world for the U.S. military, and every admiral, general, and the Secretaries of all of the branches will simply tell you that we cannot have drilling activities where we are testing and training some of our most sophisticated weapons. Why do we have all of those training, tests, and evaluation activities at Eglin Air Force Base, Tyndall Air Force Base, and the Naval Training Center in Panama City? I didn’t even include Pensacola and Whiting Field and all of the Department of Defense. When we shut down the U.S. Navy’s testing range of Vieques, off of Puerto Rico, where did the fleet of the U.S. Navy go? They went to the gulf. They will send squadrons coming down to Key West Naval Air Station and stay there for a week or two because when they lift off the runway of Boca Chica, within 2 minutes, they are over a pro-tected area so they can get into their training and testing activities. I will finally say to my friend—and I am not sure that my colleague has ever been able to see this through the eyes of someone who is trying to protect the defense assets in the State of Flor-ida—— Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, the Senator—— Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I will yield to the Senator for a question. Mr. SESSIONS. The Senator is a great friend, and we have a couple of good battles going on right now where we stand shoulder to shoulder, but for the most part the area that was ap-proved for production was shut down 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.014 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S411 February 1, 2016 
when the problem with Deepwater Ho-rizon was fixed rather than expanding that into Florida where the Florida waters, which Senator N
ELSON has been an effective advocate for, would not al-lowing drilling there. I do believe we have a situation where we have agreed and proved that this kind of problem would not occur now. I do believe there is a tremendous advantage for Amer-ica, and we can have an advantage of low energy for American workers, for our jobs, and that way we will not send money abroad. I thank Senator N
ELSON for his good comments. He is highly informed on this issue. It is a pleasure to serve with him. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I thank the Senator. He knows how affec-tionate I am toward him as a friend. I appreciate that friendship and that willingness in a bipartisan way—even when we had all kinds of thorny issues, such as national missile defense in the Armed Services Committee—that the two of us could work it out. 
FLORIDA EVERGLADES  
Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about the Everglades, and I need to start by saying that the Army Corps of Engineers began releasing water from Lake Okeechobee into the two rivers on either side of the lake. The problem is that we have a dike—not like the one that Mother Nature in-tended, where the whole surrounding of Lake Okeechobee, which is the largest lake in Florida, was nothing but a marsh. That is how Mother Nature had it. But after people moved in—and then in the late 1920s, the hurricane that drowned 2,000 people—we came in there and diked all the way around it. Well, the dike is only so structurally sound so that as the water rises in the lake, there is more water pressure on the sides, and if you start getting above 15 feet of depth of the lake, we have to worry about the dike collapsing and all the flooding of the surrounding towns and people and farmlands. So you get the picture. So the Army Corps of Engineers has to give some relief. So they release water to the east into the St. Lucie River and to the west into the Caloosahatchee River, and as a result, it relieves the dike pressure problem. But since Lake Okeechobee is so pol-luted, until we can get it cleaned up— and there is an effort—what happens when it goes into these pristine estu-aries to the east into the St. Lucie and to the west into the Caloosahatchee, is that you get much too much nutrient content into those estuaries. The salin-ity in those estuaries goes down, which is harmful to things like oysters and certain fish, and the nitrogen and phos-phorous and other pollutants come up. And what happens? Algae grows. When algae grows, it sucks up the oxygen from the water, and it becomes a dead river. The mullet can’t jump because there is no mullet, the fish hawk can’t dive because there is no fish, and it be-comes a dead river. Now, that is why it is so necessary that we proceed with the Everglades restoration projects that will help us clean up the pollution in Lake Okee-chobee, and at the same time when the dike structure gets threatened, we will have a place to send that water instead of directly into those two estuaries. That is presently being built on the east—a storage area—and it is to be built on the west over near LaBelle on the Caloosahatchee River. Well, it is just another reason why many of us are fighting so hard to complete these Ev-erglades restoration projects, so that impossible decisions that face the Corps of Engineers right now—that ei-ther they threaten the dam and hold it back or they release the polluted water and kill the rivers—are not choices that the Corps has to make. It is cer-tainly not a good choice for our envi-ronment and for all the people who live in the surrounding area. So Everglades restoration must move forward aggres-sively and without delay, and that is why this Senator is going to be intro-ducing legislation tomorrow to expe-dite that process. It is going to be called the Everglades for the Next Gen-eration Act. It will authorize all of these Everglades restoration projects that the Army Corps of Engineers has deemed ready to begin. It would allow the Corps to begin work on them im-mediately instead of having to wait around for us to pass another water bill. Remember, we just passed a water bill. When was the last time we passed a water bill? It was 7 years ago. We just can’t wait that long. There is too much at stake, and this is why we want to get these all bundled up, so the Army Corps of Engineers can proceed. The Everglades, for the first three- quarters of the last century, was diked, drained, and deferred, and now we are trying to bring back as much of that plumbing and reverse it so that it will flow much more like Mother Nature had intended it and did for eons and eons. It is a monumental task. We have to look at what we are doing to protect this land that we love that has been called the ‘‘river of grass.’’ We have to do everything we can to protect it. But right now, beware. The National Park Service has in front of it and is evalu-ating a proposal from a Texas-based company for drilling and fracking ac-tivity. This company is looking to con-duct—this is what they say: Oh, this is just a seismic survey—first on 70,000 acres, but it is just the first part of seismically mapping the entire Big Cy-press National Preserve. This is a na-tional preserve of 700,000 acres, and where is it located? It is located right next to the Everglades National Park, which is 1.5 million acres, but it in-cludes hundreds of thousands of other acres that are part of this water dis-charge area where we are cleaning up that water as it is coming south. They will say: Oh, this is just a seis-mic survey. But what do we have seis-mic surveys for? To drill. By the way, this is a company in Texas that not only drills for oil, it also fracks for oil. Why in the world would we want this to happen? Why would we spend hun-dreds of millions and billions of dollars to restore the Everglades and then sud-denly turn around and hand it off to a Texas wildcatter to go out there and drill—a wildcatter that is also a fracker. This Senator has nothing against fracking. Where is our fracking done? It is done in the hard shale rock of the Dakotas, of Oklahoma, of Texas. They go down under high pressure and shoot water and chemicals to break up the shale rock. It is solid rock. What does the State of Florida sit on? It sits on a porous honeycomb of limestone, and that porous rock is filled with fresh-water near the surface. So people wanted to go in there and start doing high-pressure fracking that we do successfully to shale rock, which was done by the Dan Hughes Company. They were given a permit by the State of Florida. Then the county commis-sion of Collier County found out about it and started raising Cain, and sud-denly the pressure became too great because of what that fracking would do, with the high-speed chemical going into that porous limestone, not only to the water supply of Florida but to the very foundation of Florida. If you ever look and envision a piece of coral that our divers go down to look for in some of the national reefs—we have seen that beautiful coral, and it builds up. That is very similar to how Florida was formed: Over years, over and over, those corals and shells and skeletons and limestone that created that sub-structure holds up the State of Florida and contains a bubble of water, which is our Floridian aquifer. Some people think a seismic survey is no big deal, but watch out. It is just like the proverbial camel getting its nose under the tent. Watch out. That camel is pretty soon going to be in the tent. So why conduct a huge, prolonged seismic survey if we don’t have the plans to extract the resources that are found? Why would the Federal Govern-ment approve risky behavior such as fracking and a brandnew type of seis-mic survey equipment in an area we have spent decades trying to restore? Remember, I said it is the Everglades National Park, 1.5 million acres. Right next to it, to the west, is the Big Cy-press National Preserve, another 700,000 acres. To the north are all of those protected lands of the water re-charge area, hundreds of thousands of acres. All of this is why I wrote to the Inte-rior Secretary asking her agency to complete a very thorough environ-mental review of this proposal. It is in-teresting. I wasn’t the only one who re-sponded. The National Park Service told me they had received about 8,000 comments during the public comment period. It seems to me that is a pretty clear sign that there is a great deal of concern and controversy out there in the public interest and especially those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.015 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES412 February 1, 2016 
in Collier County. My colleagues can’t imagine the political backlash when this Dan Hughes oil company—not the one that is applying for the seismic survey but they were a wildcatter as well as a fracker, that Dan Hughes company—my colleagues can’t imagine the political backlash that occurred from people of both parties. I can tell my colleagues there was backlash, es-pecially from the Republican county commission in Collier County, when they found out there was fracking going on out there without their know-ing about it and without any of their input into whether it should have been done. Fortunately, the outcry was so se-vere that the State of Florida finally revoked the permit and they had to pull out. They had—that company— performed an unauthorized acid stimu-lation procedure, which is a glorified term for fracking. So we rose up and we fought that. Again, I say to the Sen-ate, this Senator does not have a prob-lem with fracking done environ-mentally well, but fracking in all of our oil reserves has been done in the shale rock. That is what has made it possible to, in a few years, be able to completely eliminate our dependence on foreign oil. This Senator has no problem with that. This Senator is thankful for that, but when we try to perform that procedure on a different kind of substrate—a porous limestone filled with water—then we are courting economical and environmental dis-aster. I must say, this didn’t stop some in the State Legislature of Florida who are determined to open parts of Florida to companies looking to drill. To make sure all of this local opposition doesn’t get in their way, State legislators in session right now in Tallahassee have proposed a bill that would prohibit a county, a city or any other local gov-ernment from limiting fracking within that city or county’s borders. Such a decision, under this proposed legisla-tion, would be left up to the State only. It is not hard to figure out how that is going to turn out, especially since it was the State of Florida that gave a permit to do the fracking that there was such a reaction to 2 years ago. This is one of the most pristine areas on the planet. I urge my colleagues to join our efforts to protect this unique environment for generations to come. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Texas. 
TRANSPARENCY IN GOVERNMENT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, the Founders of our great land believed in transparency of government because they believed that only an informed citizenry was in a position to consent to what the government was doing on their behalf. The very legitimacy of our government is based on that in-formed consent. It is also important for the voters to be able to hold elected leaders politically accountable. Of course, they can’t hold their elected leaders accountable for something they don’t know about or something hidden from their view. It is no understatement to say that the American people’s confidence in the Federal Government is at if not an alltime low, certainly a new low in re-cent memory. Unfortunately, they see the President acting unilaterally, where he should be working on a col-laborative and cooperative basis with Congress to pass legislation rather than to try to do things by Executive action. Then we see where elected offi-cials and members of the administra-tion have made blatant misrepresenta-tions of the facts only to be proven wrong and then are not even embar-rassed by it. So it is important to have trans-parency in government, to have an open government. The American people need to know what their government is purporting to do on their behalf so they can approve or disapprove as they see fit. That is the foundation of our democracy and our Republic. Back in October I stood on the floor of the Senate and outlined concerns I had about the evolving scandal involv-ing Secretary Clinton’s use of her pri-vate, unsecured email server during her service as Secretary of State. I said at the time that her behavior not only violated the President’s promise to be the most transparent administration in history—I remember him making that statement during his first inaugural address—but it also represented a vio-lation of the public trust. Now we learn of very serious national security con-cerns which I am going to speak about in just a moment. Because we know that the Depart-ment of Justice is headed by the Attor-ney General—a political appointee of the President of the United States who serves at the pleasure of the Presi-dent—and because of the conflict of in-terest by asking Attorney General Lynch to investigate and perhaps even prosecute somebody in the Obama ad-ministration, I called upon the Depart-ment of Justice, and the Attorney Gen-eral in particular, to appoint a special counsel to investigate the matter, given those obvious conflicts of inter-est. Of course, we read in the paper and understand from testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee just re-cently by Director Comey of the FBI that the FBI is conducting an inves-tigation into this matter, as they should. For myself, I would say the FBI, notwithstanding what I have said about the Federal Government’s poor reputation generally—that the FBI is still very widely respected for its in-tegrity, as it must be, but the FBI can-not go further and convene a grand jury to consider potential violations of the criminal law. That can only be done by a court at the request of a prosecutor with the Justice Depart-ment. If we are going to be true to the promise of equal justice under the law—those are the words carved above the entryway to the U.S. Supreme Court—if we are going to be true to that promise, we have to be able to demonstrate that the same rules and the same laws apply to everybody in this country, whether a person is the President of the United States or whether a person is one of our Nation’s humblest citizens. We are all equal be-fore the law—or at least we should be— and it is a violation of the public trust when people act as if the rules that apply to everybody else don’t apply to them. So far the Attorney General has de-clined to appoint a special counsel, but I think that even in the interim, since I first made that request and it was de-clined, we see why it is even more im-portant today than it was back in Oc-tober. The Obama administration has dem-onstrated time and time again pre-cisely why we need the decisionmaking in this case as far removed from White House politics as it can possibly be. For example, in October the President went on television and publicly opined on the results of the ongoing criminal probe. He said, ‘‘I don’t think it posed a national security problem.’’ That is the President of the United States. Based on his comments, one might rea-sonably conclude that the White House was somehow privy and in consultation with the FBI about their ongoing criminal investigation. Subsequently, I had a chance to ask Director Comey whether in fact that was the case, and he said absolutely not. I believe Direc-tor Comey. It is not a little matter when the President of the United States is say-ing ‘‘I don’t see a problem here’’ when he actually doesn’t even know the facts, and it might appear that he is trying to influence the conduct of that investigation. That is a real problem. In fact, the President’s comments were out of line—offering his opinion on what the results of an ongoing criminal investigation might or should be. Since that time, we found out that Secretary Clinton had 18 emails be-tween herself and the President on her private email server. I don’t know whether the President still feels like this is not a problem, but it is a big problem. I earlier outlined the publicly re-ported evidence and explained the very real likelihood of criminal violation on the part of Secretary Clinton and her staff. Since then, my concerns—that the information held and sent by Sec-retary Clinton contained some of the most sensitive classified information of the U.S. Government—have been con-firmed. Just 2 weeks ago, several of my col-leagues received a letter from the in-spector general of the Office of the Di-rector of National Intelligence, the agency whose core mission it is to inte-grate all the intelligence operations of the U.S. Government. That letter was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.017 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S413 February 1, 2016 
sent in response to one from the chair-man of the Select Committee on Intel-ligence and the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee about the security of Secretary Clinton’s pri-vate email server. What the inspector general said should give us all pause. He said that there were ‘‘several dozen e-mails containing classified informa-tion.’’ As we know, there are several dif-ferent levels of classification for gov-ernment correspondence, some more sensitive than others, but the inspector general went on to say that these emails were ‘‘determined by the [intel-ligence community] element to be at the Confidential, Secret and the Top Secret/SAP level.’’ That ‘‘SAP’’ term may be a new one to a lot of people, but it is an acronym that means spe-cial access programs. It is the most sensitive classified information known to the U.S. Government, and it is a classification even above ‘‘top secret.’’ Access to special access program in-formation is so highly restricted in part because it exposes information about programs that are incredibly sensitive to national security, such as how intelligence was gathered in the first place, sources, and methods—some of which would be jeopardized, if not individuals killed if it was known that they were providing a source of intel-ligence for the U.S. Government. In the case of special access programs from an intelligence agency, that means expos-ing this information would put intel-ligence collection and, as I said, poten-tially human sources at great risk. On Friday, more news regarding the type of information that was on Sec-retary Clinton’s server was announced. It was widely reported for the first time that the State Department admit-ted that it had categorized at least 22 emails found on Secretary Clinton’s server as ‘‘top secret’’—that is the agency she was responsible for that said 22 emails were top secret. I think it is pretty obvious, even based on the public reports—most of which were generated from information produced as a result of a freedom of in-formation lawsuit in Federal court—I think it is pretty obvious that her email server did contain information that jeopardized our national security. Let me digress for a second to talk about a new development, a new con-cern that was raised by this informa-tion that some of these different classi-fications of information were con-tained on her private email server. The fact is, there are three different gov-ernment email systems. There is the Secret Internet Protocol Router Net-work—known as the SIPRNet—which is used by the Defense Department and some other government agencies and which is separate and apart from the Internet. It is also separate and apart from the usual government system called the Nonclassified Internet Pro-tocol Router Network, NIPRNet. The SIPRNet is secret and separate, and the NIPRNet can be used to send emails outside the government on a government email server. Then there is a third type of system known as JWICS. This is the Joint Worldwide In-telligence Communication System, which is even more sensitive than the information contained on the SIPRNet, which I mentioned earlier. If somehow, as appears to be the case, information got from the SIPRNet or JWICS onto a NIPRNet system or onto a private email server system, it would have to be physically transferred because they are not connected. Part of their secu-rity is that they are maintained as independent systems. The concern is that highly classified information from SIPRNet or the super-secure JWICS somehow jumped from those closed sys-tems to the open system and turned up in at least 1,340 Clinton home emails. In an article in today’s New York Post, the author points to Secretary Clinton’s Chief of Staff Cheryl Mills or Deputy Chiefs Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan because in one of the emails that has been made public, Clinton pressured Sullivan to declassify cabled remarks by a foreign leader. 
‘‘Just email it,’’ Clinton snapped, to which Sullivan replied: ‘‘Trust me, I share your ex-asperation. But until ops converts it to the unclassified email system, there is no phys-ical way for me to email it.’’ In another recently released email, Clinton instructed Sullivan to convert a classified document into an unclassified email attach-ment by scanning it into an unsecured com-puter and sending it to her without any clas-sified markings. ‘‘Turn into nonpaper w no identifying heading and send nonsecure,’’ she ordered. 
One gentleman associated with Judi-cial Watch, which has been one of the entities that have filed the freedom of information litigation which has pro-duced the huge volume of emails con-tained on Secretary Clinton’s server, said, ‘‘Receiving Top Secret SAP intel-ligence outside secure channels is a mortal sin.’’ So, as one can see, these are not triv-ial matters; these are very serious mat-ters. It is important to remind folks that this issue was even made worse because it is likely that some of our adversaries had access to and monitored her pri-vate email server. We have heard many of our Nation’s top national security and intelligence leaders indicate that is likely. Recently, Secretary Gates, whose long service to our country includes being Defense Secretary under Presi-dent George W. Bush and President Barrack Obama, as well as high-level jobs in the CIA, said, ‘‘I think the odds are pretty high’’ that Russians, Chi-nese, and Iranians had compromised Secretary Clinton’s server. Here we are now knowing that infor-mation on that server not only in-cluded classified information but infor-mation classified at the highest level known to the Federal Government. On Friday, given these reports, Presi-dent Obama’s Press Secretary, his chief spokesman, Josh Earnest, was asked about the status of the investigation and if he believes Secretary Clinton would be indicted. It would have been easy enough for him to say ‘‘No com-ment’’ or ‘‘We are not privy to the in-vestigation because it is being con-ducted by a law enforcement agency and that is the way these things are done,’’ but instead he said, ‘‘Some offi-cials have said she is not the target of the investigation’’ and that an indict-ment ‘‘does not seem to be the direc-tion in which it is trending.’’ As with the President’s reckless re-marks on television in October, either the White House has information they should not have about the status of this ongoing criminal investigation by the FBI or they are sending a signal to the FBI and the Department of Justice that they want this to go away. It is hard for me to interpret these com-ments by the President and by his Press Secretary as anything other than trying to influence the FBI and the De-partment of Justice on the outcome the administration prefers. That is completely inappropriate, it is out-rageous, and it has to stop. Today this Senator is back on the Senate floor where I started months ago to make the very same point but with a greater sense of urgency and with a lot of new information that has come to light. I believe Secretary Clin-ton has likely violated multiple crimi-nal statutes. For a Secretary of State to conduct official business—including transmitting and receiving informa-tion that is classified as SAP level—on a private, unsecured server, when sen-sitive national defense information would likely pass through it, is not just a lapse of judgment, it is a reck-less disregard for the security of the American people, not to mention the lives of our intelligence professionals who are involved in gaining this impor-tant intelligence. It is important for us to protect ourselves against our adver-saries. In light of the unprecedented nature of the case and of the multiple con-flicts for the Department of Justice, I can see no other appropriate course of action but for Attorney General Loret-ta Lynch to appoint a special counsel to pursue this matter wherever the facts may lead. That need is under-scored by the apparent inability of the White House to resist the temptation to try to influence or, at worst, ob-struct the current investigation. I hope the Attorney General seri-ously considers my request to appoint a special counsel given the conflict of interest and the extraordinary cir-cumstances of this case because in the end it is the right thing to do for the American people. If the U.S. Govern-ment—including Congress and the ad-ministration—is going to regain the trust and confidence of the American people, they need to know that the chips will fall where they may and that our law enforcement officials, such as the FBI and the Department of Justice, will pursue these cases wherever the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.019 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES414 February 1, 2016 
facts may lead, that there isn’t a sepa-rate set of rules for high government officials, such as the Secretary of State, and you and me. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise to speak on an amendment that I sub-mitted last week, amendment No. 3140, which is a tripartisan amendment to the Energy Policy Modernization Act, which is the pending legislation. I sub-mitted the amendment last week with Senators K
LOBUCHAR and K INGas my lead cosponsors. Our amendment would support the key role that the forests in this country can play in helping to meet our country’s energy needs. The carbon benefits of forest biomass are clearly established. Yet current policy uncertainty could end up jeop-ardizing—rather than encouraging—in-vestment in working forests, har-vesting operations, bioenergy, wood products, and paper manufacturing. Biomass energy is sustainable, respon-sible, renewable, and economically sig-nificant as an energy source. Many States are already relying on biomass to meet their renewable energy goals. There is a great deal of support for re-newable biomass, which creates the benefits of establishing jobs, boosting economic growth, and helping us to meet our Nation’s energy needs. Fed-eral policies across all departments and agencies must remove any uncer-tainties and contradictions through a clear policy that forest bioenergy is an essential part of our Nation’s energy future. With these goals in mind, I have of-fered a very straightforward amend-ment with a group of colleagues who span the ideological spectrum. They in-clude, as I mentioned, Senators K
LO-
BUCHAR and K ING, as well as Senators A
YOTTE , FRANKEN , DAINES , CRAPO , and R
ISCH. I am very pleased to have all of these colleagues cosponsoring my bill. Our amendment supports the key role that forests in the United States can play in addressing the Nation’s en-ergy needs. The amendment echoes the principles outlined in the June 2015 let-ter that we sent, which was signed by 46 Senators. As the Acting President pro tempore knows, it is very unusual for 46 Senators on both sides of the aisle to come together in support of a policy. Specifically, our amendment would require the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Agriculture, and the Ad-ministrator of the EPA to jointly en-sure that Federal policy relating to forest bioenergy is consistent across all departments and agencies and that the full benefits of forest biomass for en-ergy conservation and responsible for-est management are recognized. The amendment would also direct these Federal agencies to establish clear and simple policy for the utiliza-tion of biomass as an energy solution. These include policies that reflect the carbon neutrality of forest bioenergy that recognize biomass as a renewable energy source, that encourage private investment throughout the biomass supply chain, that encourage forest management to improve forest health, and that recognize State initiatives to use biomass. The carbon neutrality of biomass harvested from sustainably managed forests has been recognized repeatedly by numerous studies, agencies, institu-tions, and rules around the world, and there has been no dispute about the carbon neutrality of biomass derived from the residuals of forest products manufacturing and agriculture. Our tripartisan amendment would help ensure that Federal policies for the use of clean, renewable energy so-lutions are clear and simple. I am in conversations with the two managers of this important bill, the chairman, Senator MURKOWSKI , and the ranking member, Senator C
ANTWELL , about our amendment. I hope that it will be adopted, and I encourage our colleagues to support its adoption. As I mentioned, Senators K
LOBUCHAR  and K
INGjoined with me last week in submitting this bill. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that Senator A
YOTTE , Senator F
RANKEN , Senator D AINES , Senator C
RAPO , and Senator R ISCH be added as cosponsors to the amendment as well. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
STUDENT LOAN DEBT  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, 2 weeks ago, Senate Democrats announced our commitment to end the crushing bur-den of student loan debt. Our campaign is called ‘‘In the Red’’ because we agree with what President Obama said during his final State of the Union: ‘‘No hard- working student should be stuck in the red.’’ My special guest at President Obama’s final State of the Union ad-dress highlighted exactly this point. Alexis Ploss is a student at UMass Lowell. She is a first-generation col-lege student working on a degree in math. She wants to get a master’s de-gree so she can become a public school teacher, but she has already taken on over $50,000 in student loan debt. Think about that, smart, hard-work-ing students who want to build a future for themselves and who want to teach the next generation of kids are weigh-ing the benefits of more education against the fear of an unmanageable debt load. I don’t think Alexis will quit, but I want my Republican colleagues to ex-plain to me how America is any better off if a young woman doesn’t get a master’s degree and become a first-rate math teacher. How is this country any better off if young people get scared by debt, quit school, and take a job that requires less education? What Alexis and hundreds of thou-sands of other people like her end up doing will be affected by decisions we make right in this room. If Congress does nothing, then Alexis and hundreds of thousands of other students just get squeezed harder. The debts get bigger, they grow faster, and the decision to give up is just a little closer. Seventy percent of students now need to borrow money in order to make it through school. Democrats are here to say: Enough is enough, and that is what this ‘‘In the Red’’ campaign is all about. The Democratic plan has two basic parts: debt-free college and refi-nancing student loans. There are a lot of ways to get to debt-free college. We can give students the opportunity to graduate from com-munity college without student debt by making it completely tuition free. We can increase Pell grants. We can hold colleges accountable for keeping costs low and providing a high-quality education that will help students get ahead. We can also cut the outstanding debt. Some student loans are charging 6 per-cent, 8 percent, 10 percent, and even higher interest rates. We could cut those interest rates right now. Demo-crats are ready to go, but the Repub-licans are blocking us every step of the way. Instead of lowering the cost of student loans, they support the status quo, where the U.S. Government turns young people who are trying to get an education into profit centers to bring in more revenue for the Federal Gov-ernment. In fact, Congress has set interest rates so high on loans that just one slice of those loans—those issued from 2007 to 2012—are now on target to make $66 billion in profits for the U.S. Gov-ernment. This is obscene. The Federal Government should be helping students get an education, not making a profit off their backs. The main response from Republicans in Congress has been to claim that refi-nancing wouldn’t save students that much money. Really? There are more than 40 million people currently deal-ing with student loan debt. When their interest rates are cut, many will save hundreds of dollars a year and some will save thousands of dollars a year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.020 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S415 February 1, 2016 
That is money that can help someone out of a hole or money to save for a downpayment on a home or money to pay off those student loans faster—but Republicans say that money is trivial? What comes next? Do Republicans say let them eat cake? Where are all those Republicans who think Washington takes too much of our money? These artificially high in-terest rates are a tax we impose on stu-dents to fund government, a tax that keeps hard-working young people from buying homes, from starting businesses or for from saving for retirement. The Republicans may not want to tax billionaires or Fortune 500 corpora-tions, but evidently they don’t mind squeezing students who have to borrow money to pay for college. For 2 years now, Democrats have tried to get a bill through Congress to lower the interest rate on student loans, and for 2 years the Republicans have blocked this bill. As the Repub-licans have said no, hardworking peo-ple who are just trying to build a life have paid and paid and paid. So I am here to ask the Republicans: What is your idea? What is your plan for how to deal with existing student loan debt? Democrats have put a pro-posal on the table to make college af-fordable, but I don’t hear anything from the Republicans except ‘‘no, no, no.’’ Well, it is time for change—debt- free college and lower interest rates on student loans. That is what Senate Democrats are fighting for, and to-gether that is what we are going to win. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, on Wednesday of this week, in the dead of the night—at least here—the President intends to have his trade representa-tive sign the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship, a massive trade agreement, for our Pacific trading partners. It is the product of fast-track, a procedure that cleared the Senate. Presumably at some point, it will then be advanced to the Congress for approval. The ad-vancement will be the result of the President filing implementing legisla-tion that will move the agreement for-ward. Even though the President regards this deal as one of his signature accom-plishments, he is not making the trip. Instead, he has deputized Trade Rep-resentative Michael Froman to sign the agreement in New Zealand on be-half of the United States. New Zealand is a long way away. We haven’t had much talk about this event. The reason is that the American people are very uneasy about it. The American people are not happy with this agreement. The American people, I believe, fully oppose it and would op-pose it even more so if they knew more about it, and they will learn more about it. So I think there has been an effort not to talk about it, to keep the language low, and to see if it can’t be brought up some way and passed. I think that would be a mistake. This trade agreement is 5,554 pages long and stacks 3 feet high on my desk, so I would like to point my colleagues to examples of what the deal will do. The American Automobile Policy Council recently issued a report which stated that the TPP would threaten 90,000 American automotive jobs be-cause of its failure to include strong currency protections. This is just one of the problems we have. It has to be dealt with. Currency manipulation is exceedingly dangerous. It has very large impacts, and on a $20,000, $30,000, $40,000 automobile, we are talking about thousands of dollars difference through currency. American industries across the board are beginning to oppose TPP. Many be-lieve that all of the businesses are for it. But that is not the case. Many American manufacturers would see their future even more problematic under the TPP. Ford released a statement opposing the deal. They argued that the TPP is not adequately open and does not ade-quately open foreign markets to U.S. goods. We are going to further open our markets to foreign goods, but we are not going to make the kind of progress that must be made to help our exports, which is why we are told this agree-ment should pass—because it is going to open up markets for us. Ford says no. Last week Ford announced they were leaving the Japanese market—Japan being the key country in this agree-ment—because they say that Japan has nontariff barriers that have limited their ability to sell cars in Japan. For example, in 2015, Ford sold fewer than 5,000 cars in Japan. Ford is an international manufacturer. They sell large numbers of automobiles in Eu-rope, in Mexico, in South America, but they cannot penetrate the Japanese market. Hyundai, a superb South Ko-rean manufacturer, also not too long ago gave up trying to sell automobiles in Japan. It is not tariffs; it is non-tariff factors, constructed by Japan, that make this happen. Given this evidence, one would hope that the United States would be able to negotiate a deal that would support American manufacturing and Amer-ican workers, but that is not the case with the TPP. This is the World Bank’s evaluation. The World Bank has concluded that Japan would see an extra economic growth of 2.7 percent by 2030 while the United States can expect only four- tenths of 1 percent of additional eco-nomic growth. The White House’s own study—a study they cite with pride, although they omit many of the facts that are set forth in that report—conducted by the Peterson Institute for Inter-national Economics claimed that TPP will decrease the growth of manufac-turing in the United States by 20 per-cent by 2030. In other words, without this deal, manufacturing in the United States would grow 20 percent more than if we signed the TPP. Is this good for America? Manufac-turing jobs are high-paying jobs. Manu-facturing jobs demand resources from the community, and all kinds of people support those manufacturing jobs. The products that Americans manufacture are sold in the United States, around the world, and money is brought home, and it pours into that community to buy more products, more machines, more gasoline, more electricity, and to pay the workers who work in the plants. You have to have manufacturing in this world. A nation cannot get by without it. A nation that has the great-est economy in the world, a nation that has the greatest military in the world must maintain a manufacturing base. According to the Peterson Institute for International Economics, this 20 percent reduction in potential growth would result in around 120,000 fewer jobs than would have been created oth-erwise. That is a very large number— 120,000 high-paying, good jobs in manu-facturing plants. But that is the Presi-dent’s study. That is his group that they got to give the results he wanted. Trust me—and we are going to show this over time—the predictions for these trade agreements have fallen massively short of what the adminis-tration has promised. However, a more critical study by the economists at Tufts University— that prestigious university—recently found that TPP would cost up to 400,000 jobs in the United States. We are sup-posed to sign this deal, and it is sup-posed to make America better, and it is going to cost us jobs. That is what the other deals have done. I think this one is likely to do the same. I wish it weren’t so. We need better trade deals. We don’t need to enter into trade deals that don’t protect the legitimate interest of American workers and American man-ufacturers. Our trading partners, good countries, good people—Japan, South Korea, Philippines, and others—are tough trading partners. They are mer-cantilists. They are not free traders, really. They are out to maximize their exports, and the export market they lust after the most is the U.S. market. That is where they want to export their products and bring home Amer-ican dollars. We haven’t done a good job of defending our interests. The United States already has trade agreements with major Asian nations. We have many of them now. How have they turned out? Shouldn’t we study 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.022 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES416 February 1, 2016 
that? Has anyone talked about that? Have we had hearings on how well they worked out before? No. We haven’t really looked into the ef-fects of previous agreements because we don’t want to talk about that. What we want to say in the Senate and the House of Representatives is that trade deals are good. If anybody has a trade deal, be for it. That is not a sound way to proceed. South Korea is a good ally of the United States. It is a good country, but they are tough competitors. Our trade deficit with South Korea last year from January through November was $26 bil-lion, and by the end of the year, that country alone will be about $28-plus billion. They have not published num-bers yet, but estimates suggest that the 2015 trade deficit will be 15 percent higher than the previous year—2014. Is that a good deal for the United States? Trade deficits reduced U.S. GDP, as products that Americans consume are made abroad instead of produced here as part of our gross domestic product. It is not good for economic growth. Our growth fell way below expectations—0.7 percent—in the fourth quarter of this year, and every dollar of trade deficit subtracts from our GDP. Some think we could be heading into a recession. Many people are seriously discussing this. Who knows what will happen? We are not in a booming econ-omy; there is absolutely no doubt about it. Wages are down. Job pros-pects are down. We have the lowest percentage of Americans in their work-ing years actually working since the 1970s. It is not a healthy environment. In 2010, President Obama promised that the South Korean trade deal—he said this when he signed the agree-ment. They have been promising these kinds of things in advance. It passed, and he signed the agreement. I voted for it. I voted for most of these deals, but it is time for us to be honest about it, to evaluate how well they are actu-ally turning out. When he signed the deal, he promised it would increase American exports to South Korea by $11 billion a year. That was nice. We would like to have seen that. However, in the 11 months of last year, the United States exported only $1.2 billion more than we did when the deal was signed 6 years ago. The year before that, it was a $0.8 billion export in-crease; it was not even $1 billion. What about Korean exports to the United States, what we import from Korea? Since 2010, our trade deficit with South Korea has risen nearly 260 percent, from $10.1 billion in 2010 to more than $26 billion this year. That is a very serious matter. I am very con-cerned about this loss of jobs. I think the American people need to know what is happening. The Trans-pacific Partnership Agreement not only fails to deal with manufacturing jobs in general, but it also fails to in-clude any kind of serious measure that would address currency manipulation. During the time President Reagan was President, the economy went through a tough period, but it re-bounded under his leadership. Paul Volcker and Reagan’s leadership put us on a path of sound, solid growth that went all the way through the 1990s. Mr. Volcker once said a moment of cur-rency manipulation can wipe out years of trade agreements with our trading partners. Currency is a huge thing. That is why the American Automotive Council is concerned about it, why Ford and other manufacturers care about it, and why we had a series of votes on the Senate floor to try to do something about cur-rency. But the powers that be had the ulti-mate victory. We got to vote for a bill that wouldn’t become law; that would push back and allow us to resist cur-rency manipulation. We got to vote on that one, but they made sure it didn’t get on the bill that is going to become law—the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement. It was a show vote. The President was not going to execute it, and he threatened to veto it. The Wall Street Journal, on Novem-ber 5, wrote: 
Mexico, Canada and other countries sig-naled that they were open to the [currency] deal when they realized it [would not] in-clude binding currency rules that could lead to trade sanctions through the TPP. 
These countries want to be able to manipulate their currency. Obviously, they agreed to go forward with the trade deal because they knew there were no binding currency rules. In fact, last year the Japanese Finance Min-ister, Taro Aso, said that ‘‘there [will not] be any change’’ in Japan’s cur-rency policy because of the provisions included in the TPP. Some milk toast language got in the agreement. The Senators were able to say they voted for a bill that had teeth to it, but that was in a separate bill that would not become law. My cur-rency provisions in the bill, the lan-guage with real teeth, was stripped out during the Conference Committee be-cause the President threatened to veto it. It is never going to become law. But the agreement included along-side the TPP is meaningless. Japan and others say it is not going to make any change in their currency policy. Japan significantly devalued the yen again recently. China devalued its currency by 6 percent last summer alone, and many expect they will devalue it even further. I have to say, it is time for the United States of America to under-stand something. We are the largest economy in the world. We have the greatest military in the world. We need to demand that people who sell in our markets—and whose exports to the United States are critical to their eco-nomic well-being—don’t get to do this if they are not playing by the rules. They don’t get to manipulate their cur-rencies. They don’t get to subsidize their manufacturing, and we are not going to allow them to use nontariff barriers to prohibit the imports of American products. That is what we need from the lead-ership in this country—not an agree-ment that allows continued manipula-tion of currency and that does not deal effectively with the nontariff barriers and subsidies these countries use to take market share away from U.S. companies. What happens to an American busi-ness? U.S. Steel just closed some pro-duction and laid off 1,000 workers in Birmingham last year. Is that plant going to reopen? We would like to think so, but I doubt it. Once these American plants that get no support from their government to compete abroad are closed, they don’t reopen. Our competitors know that, and they take market share. They get to sell more in the United States and bring home strong American dollars. I think it is time for us to slow down on this. We are going to continue to look at how these trade agreements have worked. I don’t think they have worked very well for the American worker. They haven’t done very well for American manufacturing. I think few would dispute that this Nation can be prosperous without manufacturing. One time they said you could do it with a service economy and high-tech econ-omy. Saturday’s Barron’s did a report on a study that has been done about our high-tech companies, which we are so proud of and hear so much talk about. What about the job prospects they have for this year? Are they going to add more jobs to high-tech computer companies in America? No, this anal-ysis said that the information tech-nology companies in America would re-duce employment by 330,000 people this year. I have to tell you that if we lose automobile manufacturing and steel plants, these people are not going to work in computer companies. That is one of the biggest misrepresentations I have ever heard. The facts are becom-ing very clear on that. Microsoft laid off over 100,000 people the year before last. We have had a continual decline in high-tech job creation. Oh yes, some plant somewhere is adding jobs, but more plants are laying off workers. There is an election going on out there. People are concerned about their fu-ture. They need to know about the trade agreement. They need to be ask-ing their Representatives and their Presidential candidates how they feel about it. Which side are you going to be on? Let’s hear the reasons why you are for or against this agreement. After they hear that, I think they will be in a better position to decide how to cast their vote. I thank the Chair and yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to the floor as we are moving for-ward, as many of my colleagues know, on this energy package. I thank my colleagues who have already come to the floor today to talk about it, and I especially thank Senator M
URKOWSKI  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.025 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S417 February 1, 2016 
for helping us to move through so many different proposals by our col-leagues. We were able to clear some of these amendments by voice votes, and, hopefully, we will be able to move for-ward over the next 24 hours on this bill by getting some votes locked in. One of the things we are going to talk about this week is energy effi-ciency, which is creating jobs and mak-ing our economy more competitive by holding down the cost of energy. Many of us know that for centuries the use of energy has been a very important fac-tor in our economy. Last week I men-tioned that the Northwest economy was built on a hydrosystem. Cheap hy-dropower has worked for us over and over again, as companies that use a lot of electricity have moved to the North-west. We have stored everything from apples to terabytes of data because of the huge efficiencies that we were able to pull off with cheap hydropower. As my colleague from Alaska will say, energy costs are high in Alaska and she wants to make sure we are making it more affordable and ena-bling distributed generation, as she just mentioned earlier today. Ensuring that we have a microgrid to do that is a key component to how the state will successfully diversify their economy. As we debate this bill on the Senate floor, each of us is thinking about the regions of our country we represent and how to make sure we are dealing with energy successfully. One important thing I wanted to dis-cuss is that in 2007, for the first time in our history, the United States actually delinked economic growth from energy use. Now, our economy is producing more in goods and services, yet it is using less in electricity. The chart be-hind me demonstrates this. This is a very important point be-cause it shows that we can still grow our economy while consuming and using less energy. This is important if you are a homeowner and want to use the energy in your home more effi-ciently, while still having many apps and devices that require electricity but make your life easier. It is also impor-tant for businesses. As U.S. businesses compete in a global economy, they want to produce goods and services and do so in a cost-effective manner. So the more you can drive down energy costs without having to drive down consump-tion, the better. If we want to continue to compete in that global economy, we must continue to improve our energy productivity, and that is exactly what title I of the bill does. The Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act will help ensure that the Nation is eliminating energy waste and making improvements in new tech-nologies that will improve our com-petitiveness for the 21st century. Energy efficiency is the cheapest and most affordable energy resource be-cause it is typically about one-third of the cost of new production; that is, by saving energy at home, by using what we already have more efficiently—and there are all sorts of smart ways to do this—you can actually spend only one- third of the cost of what it would take to get new production online. In the last 40 years, since the oil em-bargo, energy efficiency became an in-tegral part of our energy policy. We have learned that efficiency is not like most other resources that are depleted and consumed. Instead, we found that as we keep making progress on energy efficiency, we have created new tech-nologies. These have become the most cost-effective ways to cut waste and the most cost-effective ways to take the ‘‘low-hanging fruit’’ available in front of us and help businesses and homeowners alike. There are two examples of this that we, as the Federal Government, had a hand in: No. 1, automobiles and No. 2, lighting technology. Now both of these were in the previous 2007 Energy bill. Since then, average automobile fuel economy has improved dramatically, from 15 miles per gallon in 1978 to 28 miles per gallon in 2016, thanks to the CAFE standards in effect. That was something we pushed here that made our automobiles more efficient. With respect to lighting, the latest light-emitting diode, LED, technology is 6 to 7 times more efficient in energy consumption than traditional incan-descent lights and can last at least 25 times longer. In 2012 alone, nearly 50,000 LEDs were installed in the United States, saving an estimated $675 million in annual electricity costs. What we are saying here is that we want to continue to move forward on energy efficiency. It is saving money for businesses and homeowners. We also want to continue the advance-ments of these energy-efficiency tech-nologies and make sure that we are making the right investments. So I want to remind my colleagues that there are going to be several ways in which we are going to try to build on this progress. Energy efficiency must be a major part of our policies here, and I know many States across the country are also making investments in this. So tomorrow I expect us to have a vote on an amendment to establish a Federal energy efficiency resource standard, or an EERS. Since its establishment, the Depart-ment of Energy has implemented suc-cessful energy efficiency programs that develop new technologies and promote best practices within the major sectors of our energy economy. Yet many States have used their role to also es-tablish energy efficiency standards. Be-hind me, you will see the number of States that have already developed these incentives for investments in en-ergy efficiency by giving utilities an incentive to invest in low-cost, energy efficiency programs before investing in more expensive new energy production. You can see that many of these States across the United States have adopted such initiatives—25 States with energy efficiency resource standards. Why is that important? Well, once you start down the road of energy effi-ciency, you continue to make your grid more efficient, which is something California has done. California made a huge investment as a marketplace for energy efficiency, and now they con-tinue to be on the cutting edge of en-ergy efficiency. They have continued to grow as an economy yet use less en-ergy. In fact, the 19 States with the greatest energy savings in the Nation all have energy efficiency resource standards. So, to me, this is an area of the bill that I think we would like to improve. States are the laboratories of democ-racy, and because 25 of them have dem-onstrated the benefits of this policy, I believe it is time the Federal Govern-ment should also establish a national energy efficiency resource standard. My colleague Senator F
RANKEN from Minnesota will be offering an amend-ment to do just that on this bill. The Federal Government could re-quire States to do their part in reduc-ing the waste of resources and increas-ing our Nation’s energy productivity by establishing an energy efficiency re-source standard that would promote in-vestments in efficiency—everything from cost effectiveness in new build-ings to production capacity. The pro-posed EERS would set a very modest, easily achievable energy savings target that electrical and natural gas utilities must meet as is already required in half of these States. The American Council for an Energy- Efficient Economy estimates that im-plementing the Federal EERS would save $130 billion, or about $1,000 per household by 2040. The adoption of this EERS amendment would more than triple the energy efficiency savings benefits of the act before us today. A Federal EERS would not only save every American money by reducing their energy bill, but it would also strengthen our Nation’s economic com-petitiveness by improving our energy’s productivity and maintaining our lead-ership in the commercialization of these products. This is something I learned during my time in the private sector. Anytime you can make something that is of value to everybody more efficient, such as energy, you are on the winning path; that is, if you become the experts of constantly knowing how to make ev-erything more efficient, whether you are talking about development in China, in Europe or in other parts of Asia, the fact that we are experts on energy efficiency by deploying this here in the United States gives us a winning hand on deploying it around the world. Anytime you can be more ef-ficient, you are also being more cost ef-fective and saving dollars. That is what we are pushing in this bill. It will move us forward on energy efficiency. As we have seen, energy efficiency— and I am sure Senator F
RANKEN will talk more about this tomorrow—is not only commonsense economics, but it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.030 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES418 February 1, 2016 
also has the ability to focus on some of the cleaner sources of energy that we have been discussing too. The Federal Government has had a history of promoting energy efficiency, and the government itself, being the single largest energy user in the Na-tion, could benefit from this. We hope that when we look at the Federal Gov-ernment, we will also be talking about energy efficiency products. One of the examples of how Congress directed the Federal Government to lead was by the enactment of section 433 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. This provision established a Federal leadership role in the development of high-efficiency, low-emission commer-cial buildings by requiring the Federal Government to phase out the use of fossil fuel energy in Federal buildings and major renovations by 2030. The U.S. Government, as the single largest occupant of Federal buildings in the Nation, should continue, I be-lieve, to demonstrate its energy effi-ciency as well. I know in the Pacific Northwest we have the Bullitt Center, which is the greenest commercial building in the United States. We have a hospital in Issaquah that is one of the most energy efficient hospitals in the United States, and we have other businesses that are developing these buildings that are smart buildings that are driving down the costs. What does that mean? It means that businesses can invest money into R&D or into the manufacturing of goods or into the pro-motion of ideas instead of spending it on energy costs. For us in the Pacific Northwest, someone might ask: With the cheapest kilowatt rates in the Nation, why would everybody spend so much time on energy efficiency? We spend so much time on energy in the Northwest because we know it pays dividends. We know it gives us a competitive edge, and we know it continues to put us in the driver’s seat with technology. Even though we have the cheapest kilowatt rates, we continue to make an invest-ment. These buildings were designed by ar-chitects to show what is now techno-logically possible and to feature state- of-the-art ground-source heating and cooling, both photovoltaic and thermal solar energy collection, and computers that automatically adjust the building systems in order to keep them com-fortable and efficient. Some buildings have an elevator that converts kinetic energy from braking into usable elec-tricity. All of these things are about cutting-edge technology. The Bullitt Center and other buildings like it in the United States demonstrate that it is technologically feasible and cost ef-fective to phase out the use of fossil fuel generated energy in new Federal buildings within the next 14 years, as required by current law. These are not radical policies. These laws, which were passed in 2007, are things that I know people here would like to strike and repeal. Let me men-tion another one we will likely hear about, which is the SAFE Act, offered by our colleagues from Georgia and Colorado. The Senators likely will offer this bill for sensible accounting to value energy. This bipartisan amendment was included in the Sha-heen-Portman bill that would help homeowners account for the energy ef-ficiency of their home during the mort-gage and underwriting process. The av-erage homeowner pays more than $2,000 annually for the energy in their home. After the mortgage, this is typically the second largest cost in buying and owning a home, but it is not accounted for in the mortgage underwriting proc-ess. Many of us have gone through this process of buying a home and getting a mortgage. So why can’t a homeowner, on a voluntary basis, have their home audited for its energy efficiency char-acteristics and have that information accounted for in the mortgage under-writing process? This is what Senators I
SAKSON , B ENNET , S HAHEEN , and P
ORTMAN have introduced in an amend-ment, and I think it will be one of the things we will hear about tomorrow and one of the potential votes we will be having. A recent study from the University of North Carolina found that owners of more efficient homes are less likely to default on their mortgages. Adopting this amendment creates an incentive for homeowners to invest in energy ef-ficiency improvement because those improvements will be accounted for in the underwriting process for their homes. Organizations as diverse as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Na-tional Association of Manufacturers, the Alliance to Save Energy, and the U.S. Green Building Council all support this amendment. So this is another idea that is not in the underlying bill that we will be discussing. Today we are here with many amend-ments that were added last week to this legislation. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their hard work and for continuing to move for-ward with my colleague, the Senator from Alaska, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and my-self in getting through the next couple of days of these policies. I know my colleagues want to con-tinue to discuss this legislation, as I do, but we also know there is a limited time that we will be able to be on this legislation. So I urge our colleagues to bring any amendments to the floor to-night that they would like to have con-sidered, if they haven’t already filed them today. We need to continue to build on the successes of the last 40 years, continue to cut our energy waste, and de-link our economic growth from energy use so we can make sure we can continue to grow in the most cost-effective way, and continue to produce the jobs that these new renewables and energy effi-ciency opportunities are creating for us. I think this legislation will help give us another foothold toward a fu-ture economy that is cleaner, more ef-ficient, and a better driver of U.S. com-petitiveness on an international global basis for the types of energy solutions that we think will help the world as well. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. LANKFORD ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the Sen-ate is currently considering a bipar-tisan energy bill that could lead Amer-ica on a pathway to rebuilding our Na-tion’s economy in this century. It has been 9 years since we passed an energy bill and a lot of things have changed. The bill we are considering contains important provisions to build domestic clean energy sources, strengthen en-ergy efficiency measures, and mod-ernize our electric grid. This bill also represents a commit-ment to basic science research at the Department of Energy. I believe it can and should do more than what the original bill proposes. We need more robust support for basic science re-search—the kind of research that costs too much and takes too long for any individual company to undertake. We need to invest in medical and basic science research. The investment will pay off for generations to come. I cochair the Senate National Lab Caucus, and I know that if we invest in research in the National Labs, it will lead to breakthroughs that will help keep America competitive and create good-paying jobs. At Fermi National Accelerator Lab in Illinois, the development of super-conducting wire technology enabled the large-scale manufacture of the magnetic resonance imaging—or MRI— machines doctors use today. Some-times it is hard for the scientists and engineers and leaders at these labs to explain in simple words what they are doing and why it is important. This is an example. They were working on a wire technology that probably didn’t mean much certainly to me or to many people, but when they finished, they came up with an MRI—a brandnew way of imaging our bodies to detect ill-nesses and plot a way to cure them. In the 1970s, the scientists building Fermilab’s particle accelerator drove cutting-edge research in super-conducting wire fabrication. Rather than patent these advances, Fermilab made them freely available to the pub-lic and private sector, opening the door to large-scale superconducting wire manufacturing by private industry. Since MRI machines rely on super-conducting wires, this made commer-cialization possible. Today, MRI machines are widely used to image the human body. Using 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.031 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S419 February 1, 2016 
MRIs nearly eliminates the need for exploratory surgery, which, of course, means it is cheaper in the long run and safer. Last month, a new generation of MRI machines at the Illinois Neurological Institute saved the life of a 27-year-old farmer from Canton, IL, Cody Krulac. Cody had a tumor that was located in the part of his brain that would have been difficult to image using old tech-nology and would have relied on sur-gery and guesswork, but using the new MRI machine, his doctors were able to pinpoint exactly where the tumor was and exactly how much to remove, meaning Cody spent less time in sur-gery and recovered more quickly. Another example of the Department of Energy’s success can be found in Ar-gonne’s Advanced Photon Source. Its power x-ray beams enable the observa-tion of extremely small objects in un-precedented detail. This allows sci-entists to see how viruses, such as HIV, replicate and how cancer grows. This understanding led to the discovery of a new drug for AIDS therapy, a drug called Kaletra, which is now the most prescribed drug in its class for this deadly disease. It also led to the devel-opment of a drug, Zelboraf, to treat melanoma. This drug has been used by 11,000 patients worldwide and is ap-proved in 43 countries. The research at this National Lab really paved the way. Building and operating a facility like the Advanced Photon Source is too ex-pensive and specialized for any single company to do. Only investment by America in its own Department of En-ergy can make something like this pos-sible. Let me give one final example of how the Department of Energy’s Office Of Science has had an impact on every American life. Researchers from Illi-nois University, Fermilab, and Ar-gonne have teamed up to give a tenfold boost to normal CT scanning capabili-ties. The result was a next-generation CT scanner that limits the patient’s exposure to radiation while giving bet-ter images that allow doctors to more accurately detect and treat cancer and save lives. This research also led to two U.S. patents and spurred an Illinois startup company called ProtonVDA through the National Institutes of Health small business innovation re-search grant. These are only some of the Depart-ment of Energy’s and the National Lab’s success stories, but they are ex-amples that show that this investment, which cannot be effectively made by most businesses in America, can really make America safer, healthier, and pave the way for new businesses and jobs. America’s place as a world leader in cutting-edge research is at risk if we fail to make the necessary investments in basic science research. I want to commend my colleagues in the Senate, particularly Senator R
OY B
LUNT , a Republican from Missouri; Senator L
AMAR ALEXANDER , a Repub-lican from Tennessee; and Senator PATTY MURRAY , a Democrat from the State of Washington. They really stepped up when it came to NIH re-search—the National Institutes of Health. In this year’s budget, we are going to have virtually a 5-percent real increase in research—$2 billion of new money going to NIH. I am willing to stake my future in the Senate and tell you that investment at the NIH this year in research will ultimately lead to breakthroughs that will save lives. This is another area which is equally promising. I remember visiting the Department of Energy a few months back with Er-nest Moniz, our Secretary, whom I re-spect very much. I told him the story of how I am committed to NIH’s basic biomedical research. I said one exam-ple is Alzheimer’s. I was surprised when my staff said one American is diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s every 67 seconds. I said: Go back to the drawing board. That can’t be true. They went back and came back and said: No, Senator, that is exactly right. One in every 67 seconds on average, an American is diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s. I told that story to Ernest Moniz, the Secretary of Energy, and I said that is why we need this NIH research. He said: Senator, my Office of Science in the Department of Energy is developing the imaging techniques so that we can detect Alzheimer’s in liv-ing human beings. Currently, the only confirmation of the diagnosis is confirmed in autopsy. If we can look at the early onset of Alz-heimer’s, we can better respond to it. That is why, if one is interested in cur-ing diseases, in finding ways to avoid expensive surgery, in reducing the cost of medicine but still protecting Amer-ica, this generation of lawmakers needs to make a commitment to science re-search. I have already thanked my col-leagues by name who have done so much for the NIH, and I will be offering an amendment with Senator A
LEX-
ANDER of Tennessee that is going to help increase our commitment to re-search in the Energy bill which is be-fore us. The 4-percent growth in the bill is good, but unfortunately it does not protect against inflation. What we are calling for is 5-percent growth over inflation in this Department. I can guarantee that the breakthroughs that will come from this research will make life better and create more opportuni-ties for people living in this country. We need to have sustained funding to ensure that cutting-edge research can bear fruit, and we are asking that they maintain this growth period of 5-per-cent real growth for 5 years. Congress needs to help America’s best and brightest do what they do best. This amendment represents an in-vestment that will save lives. I will say parenthetically that this morning I made a trip to Atlanta, GA. Every 2 or 3 years, I go down to visit the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. This agency is not well known or well understood by most Americans. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, GA, is the first line in America’s national defense when it comes to public health threats. We now have a mosquito called the Zika mosquito spreading a virus in Brazil to the point where women are being warned that now is not the time to be pregnant. If one of those mosqui-toes should sting you and if some of the virus gets into your body, it can cause a miscarriage or some terrible birth defects in the baby. That is how dangerous it is. The frontline of de-fense in the United States is the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, GA. As I walked through there and met with the pathologists, the doctors, vet-erinarians, and others who work there, I saw this amazing array of extraor-dinary talent, people who were excited about their work, about making our country and the world safer. The Zika virus, of course, is our current threat, but there are many more. They faced the Ebola crisis in Africa, and luckily it did not spread beyond the few coun-tries where it was first reported. So when we talk about investments in re-search by the U.S. Federal Govern-ment, it is research that is good for us and our families, and it is good for the world. I will be offering this amendment probably this week with Senator ALEX-
ANDER and others to increase this com-mitment to research. It is an invest-ment that will lead to new break-throughs in this bill on energy, in sci-entific discoveries, energy innovation, and national security. This amendment strengthens the bill before us and helps us move to our 21st-century economy in the world. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, we have had an opportunity to have a few speakers here this afternoon. Senator C
ANTWELL and I have come to the floor and urged our colleagues to help us as we work to advance the Energy Policy Modernization Act. We have, for the in-formation of colleagues, an order, in terms of several—a couple of votes to-morrow. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that it be in order to call up the following amendments: amendment No. 3023 by Senator L
EEand amendment No. 3115 by Senator F
RANKEN ; that on Tuesday, February 2, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.026 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES420 February 1, 2016 
the Senate proceed to vote in relation to the above amendments in the order listed, with no second-degree amend-ments in order prior to the votes and a 60-vote affirmative threshold required for adoption; further, that the time be-tween 2:15 p.m. and 2:30 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form and that there be 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided prior to each vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 2970, 2989, 2991, 3119, 3019, 3066, 
3137, AND 3056 , AS MODIFIED , TO AMENDMENT  
NO. 2953 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. We are now ready to process a handful of amendments with a series of voice votes. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the following amendments be called up and reported by number: Gardner amendment No. 2970; Reed amendment No. 2989; Inhofe amend-ment No. 2991; Daines amendment No. 3119; Murphy amendment No. 3019; Hirono amendment No. 3066; Udall amendment No. 3137; and Flake amend-ment No. 3056, as modified. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Alaska [Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ], for others, proposes amendments numbered 2970, 2989, 2991, 3119, 3019, 3066, 3137, and 3056, as modified, to amendment No. 2953. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2970 (Purpose: To modify a provision relating to energy management requirements) In section 1006, strike subsection (a) and insert the following: (a) E
NERGY MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS .— Section 543(f)(4) of the National Energy Con-servation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8253(f)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2989 (Purpose: To ensure that funds for research and development of electric grid energy storage are used efficiently) Section 2301 is amended by adding at the end the following: (f) U
SE OF FUNDS .—To the maximum extent practicable, in carrying out this section, the Secretary shall ensure that the use of funds to carry out this section is coordinated among different offices within the Grid Mod-ernization Initiative of the Department and other programs conducting energy storage research. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2991 (Purpose: To modify provisions relating to brownfields grants) 
(The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of January 27, 2016, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 3119 (Purpose: To require that the 21st Century Energy Workforce Advisory Board mem-bership also represent cybersecurity) On page 316, line 15, strike ‘‘and’’ and in-sert ‘‘cybersecurity, and’’. AMENDMENT NO . 3019 (Purpose: To promote the use of reclaimed refrigerants in Federal facilities) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. PROMOTING USE OF RECLAIMED REFRIGERANTS IN FEDERAL FACILI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall issue guidance relating to the procurement of reclaimed refrigerants to service existing equipment of Federal facilities. (b) P
REFERENCE .—The guidance issued under subsection (a) shall give preference to the use of reclaimed refrigerants, on the con-ditions that— (1) the refrigerant has been reclaimed by a person or entity that is certified under the laboratory certification program of the Air Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration In-stitute; and (2) the price of the reclaimed refrigerant does not exceed the price of a newly manu-factured (virgin) refrigerant. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3066 (Purpose: To modify a provision relating to the energy workforce pilot grant program) In section 3602(d), strike paragraph (2) and insert the following: (2) work with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or veteran service organizations recognized by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs under section 5902 of title 38, United States Code, to transition members of the Armed Forces and veterans to careers in the energy sector; 
AMENDMENT NO . 3137 (Purpose: To modify a provision relating to a Secretarial order) On page 302, strike lines 6 through 9 and in-sert the following: (2) S
ECRETARIAL ORDER NOT AFFECTED .— This subtitle shall not apply to any mineral described in Secretarial Order No. 3324, issued by the Secretary of the Interior on December 3, 2012, in any area to which the order applies. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3056, AS MODIFIED  (Purpose: To include other Federal depart-ments and agencies in an evaluation of po-tentially duplicative green building pro-grams) Strike section 1020 (relating to an evalua-tion of potentially duplicative green building programs within the Department of Energy) and insert the following: 
SEC. 1020. EVALUATION OF POTENTIALLY DUPLI-CATIVE GREEN BUILDING PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘administra-tive expenses’’ has the meaning given the term by the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget under section 504(b)(2) of the Energy and Water Development and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2010 (31 U.S.C. 1105 note; Public Law 111–85). (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘administrative expenses’’ includes, with respect to an agen-cy— (i) costs incurred by— (I) the agency; or (II) any grantee, subgrantee, or other re-cipient of funds from a grant program or other program administered by the agency; and (ii) expenses relating to personnel salaries and benefits, property management, travel, program management, promotion, reviews and audits, case management, and commu-nication regarding, promotion of, and out-reach for programs and program activities administered by the agency. (2) APPLICABLE PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘ap-plicable program’’ means any program that is— (A) listed in Table 9 (pages 348–350) of the report of the Government Accountability Of-fice entitled ‘‘2012 Annual Report: Opportuni-ties to Reduce Duplication, Overlap and Fragmentation, Achieve Savings, and En-hance Revenue’’; and (B) administered by— (i) the Secretary; (ii) the Secretary of Agriculture; (iii) the Secretary of Defense; (iv) the Secretary of Education; (v) the Secretary of Health and Human Services; (vi) the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development; (vii) the Secretary of Transportation; (viii) the Secretary of the Treasury; (ix) the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency; (x) the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology; or (xi) the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration. (3) S
ERVICE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘service’’ has the meaning given the term by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), the term ‘‘service’’ shall be limited to activities, assistance, or other aid that provides a direct benefit to a recipient, such as— (i) the provision of technical assistance; (ii) assistance for housing or tuition; or (iii) financial support (including grants, loans, tax credits, and tax deductions). (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2017, the Secretary, in consultation with the agency heads described in clauses (ii) through (xi) of subsection (a)(2)(B), shall sub-mit to Congress and make available on the public Internet website of the Department a report that describes the applicable pro-grams. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In preparing the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) determine the approximate annual total administrative expenses of each appli-cable program attributable to green build-ings; (B) determine the approximate annual ex-penditures for services for each applicable program attributable to green buildings; (C) describe the intended market for each applicable program attributable to green buildings, including the— (i) estimated the number of clients served by each applicable program; and (ii) beneficiaries who received services or information under the applicable program (if applicable and if data is readily available); (D) estimate— (i) the number of full-time employees who administer activities attributable to green buildings for each applicable program; and (ii) the number of full-time equivalents (the salary of whom is paid in part or full by the Federal Government through a grant or contract, a subaward of a grant or contract, a cooperative agreement, or another form of financial award or assistance) who assist in administering activities attributable to green buildings for the applicable program; (E) briefly describe the type of services each applicable program provides attrib-utable to green buildings, such as informa-tion, grants, technical assistance, loans, tax credits, or tax deductions; (F) identify the type of recipient who is in-tended to benefit from the services or infor-mation provided under the applicable pro-gram attributable to green buildings, such as individual property owners or renters, local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.027 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S421 February 1, 2016 
governments, businesses, nonprofit organiza-tions, or State governments; and (G) identify whether written program goals are available for each applicable program. (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than January 1, 2017, the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the agency heads described in clauses (ii) through (xi) of subsection (a)(2)(B), shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) a recommendation of whether any ap-plicable program should be eliminated or consolidated, including any legislative changes that would be necessary to elimi-nate or consolidate applicable programs; and (2) methods to improve the applicable pro-grams by establishing program goals or in-creasing collaboration to reduce any poten-tial overlap or duplication, taking into ac-count— (A) the 2011 report of the Government Ac-countability Office entitled ‘‘Federal Initia-tives for the Nonfederal Sector Could Benefit from More Interagency Collaboration’’; and (B) the report of the Government Account-ability Office entitled ‘‘2012 Annual Report: Opportunities to Reduce Duplication, Over-lap and Fragmentation, Achieve Savings, and Enhance Revenue’’. (d) A
NALYSES .—Not later than January 1, 2017, the Secretary, in consultation with the agency heads described in clauses (ii) through (xi) of subsection (a)(2)(B), shall identify— (1) which applicable programs were specifi-cally authorized by Congress; and (2) which applicable programs are carried out solely under the discretionary authority of the Secretary or any agency head de-scribed in clauses (ii) through (xi) of sub-section (a)(2)(B). 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now vote on these amendments en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on these amendments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, if I could just say, I so appreciate our col-leagues working in such a bipartisan fashion to work through these eight amendments and set votes for these amendments tomorrow. We are making good progress on this legislation. I hope our colleagues will give attention to these matters so tomorrow we can move further on some more votes to clear up the remaining issues before us on this bill. I appreciate all our colleagues work-ing together in earnest and the chair of the committee to make sure we have made this progress so far today. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the amendments en bloc. The amendments (Nos. 2970, 2989, 2991, 3119, 3019, 3066, 3137, and 3056, as modified) were agreed to en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider Calendar No. 458. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Ricardo A. Aguilera, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Air Force. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I know of no further debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any further debate? Hearing none, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Aguilera nomination? The nomination was confirmed. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate; that no fur-ther motions be in order to the nomi-nation; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the RECORD ; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE LILLY LEDBETTER FAIR PAY ACT Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the anniversary of the signing of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. Lilly Ledbetter is an inspiring woman and a courageous trailblazer. She fought the system in her work-place and the courtroom. She was a longstanding and loyal employee at the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company for 19 years. But then she found out that Goodyear thought she was worth less than her male counterparts. A jury found Goodyear owed her almost $400,000 in backpay, but the Supreme Court said that she was too late. When Justice Ginsburg read her dissent from the bench, she called for Congress to fix it, so we went to work. It has been over 7 years since we passed this historic legislation. I was so proud to lead the charge in the Sen-ate to keep the courthouse doors open to sue for discrimination. This wasn’t an easy road. When we lost the first vote on this bill, I called upon the women in the Senate and across Amer-ica to put their lipstick on, square their shoulders, and suit up to fight for an American revolution. We did just that, and the Lilly Ledbetter Act became the first bill that President Obama signed into law in 2009. Passing the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was a big accomplishment—but our work is far from done. We need to fin-ish what we started by passing the Paycheck Fairness Act. The Lilly Ledbetter Act kept the courthouse door open, but the Paycheck Fairness Act will make it more difficult to dis-criminate in the first place. Women are tired of being paid crumbs. Women still only make 79 cents for every dollar a man makes, and it is even worse for women of color—African-American women earn 62 cents on the dollar, and Hispanic women earn 54 cents. By retirement, the average woman loses $431,000 to the pay gap. This affects Social Security, pensions, and retirement security. Ev-erybody says, ‘‘Oh you’ve come a long way,’’ but women have only gained 20 cents in 50 years. We will not take no for an answer. We will continue to demand equal pay for all. We are going to change the Fed-eral law books, so women get change in their family checkbooks. f 
NATIONAL SCHOOL CHOICE WEEK Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, as Na-tional School Choice Week came to a close last week, I want to highlight the important role school choice plays in our education system in Arkansas and across the country. I am the proud graduate of Arkan-sas’s public schools and the son of a public school teacher and principal. Throughout my life, I was blessed with wonderful parents, teachers, and coach-es who taught the skills, knowledge, and values needed for success in the workforce. Unfortunately, not all chil-dren have the same experience. Dardanelle High School was the right choice for me, but the local public school isn’t always the right fit for ev-eryone. Too many children aren’t re-ceiving the attention or education they deserve. This is especially true in areas with poor performing schools. But it is not always about the quality of edu-cation; sometimes local schools cannot make adequate accommodations for a child’s religious beliefs or personal needs. Quite simply, one size fits all isn’t the key to success for education. That is why I believe in school choice. Parents—not politicians and bureau-crats—know what is best for their chil-dren. We should empower them and en-sure they have access to alternatives to the traditional public system. This includes home schooling, charter schools, and private and religious schools. That way, every child will re-ceive the type of education that best fits their learning style. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.023 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES422 February 1, 2016 
To countless families across Amer-ica, school choice means accessing the best possible education for their chil-dren. By providing school choice, we can promote innovation in our schools, provide more personalized education for our children, and improve racial and economic disparities in edu-cational outcomes. I am pleased to have celebrated Na-tional School Choice Week and the im-provements that school choice has brought to our country. 
f 
(At the request of Mr. R EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) VERMONT ESSAY FINALISTS ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask to have printed in the R
ECORD copies of some of the finalist essays written by Vermont High School students as part of the sixth annual ‘‘What is the State of the Union’’ essay contest conducted by my office. These finalists were se-lected from nearly 800 entries. The material follows: 
SARA MANFREDI , MILTON HIGH SCHOOL  
(FINALIST)  Before I begin this address, I would like to take a moment to thank all of you for being here today. But, there are issues our country must conquer in order to make our home safer, as well as more equal, for both our-selves, and the generations to come. In recent years, it has come to attention of our government that there have been over 400,000 untested rape kits stuck in backlog all around the country. One precinct held over 5,000 in backlog, all untested, most cases left without any trial. How dare we do this to those hundreds upon thousands of vic-tims? Who are we to deny them any sense of safety or justice? These facts have done nothing more than allow rapists to get out of any sort of punishment. This horrid trend must be stopped, and can only be stopped if this government takes immediate action. The issue with this is that many of these local jurisdictions do not have the money to process these kits, because of the innate lack of funding for said kits to be processed. I am willing to offer more funding through federal grants to these precincts, so these long back-logs can finally be tested, and the victims of these crimes can get the justice they de-serve. To ensure this money is used to test these rape kits, I will work with Congress to pass a law into action that will give pre-cincts a time constraint in which they must have these kits tested, most likely within 72 hours. By having this deadline set into place, as well as the money to fund said testing, this national backlog will gradually dwindle down. This justice is owed to the survivors of these vicious assaults. Some victims, however, cannot be given the justice they deserve. A recent influx of mass shootings have killed 380 American citizens, and left hundreds of families in mourning over their lost loved ones. I am not going to say that any one of the per-petrators of the 294 mass shootings in the past year killed because they were lonely, lost outsiders. These killers were not in the right mind, no, but mental health is not to blame. What is to blame is American gun laws. These men were able to commit these heinous crimes because of how accessible guns are in this country. How do we stop this? We restrict and complicate. If we are to ensure the safety of the American public, we must ensure that only those who are specifi-cally trained to use a gun, those who are able to handle one and not go awry are al-lowed to carry one. Police officers and mili-tary personnel should be the only ones to be able to carry handguns at all times for their jobs. Rifles shall be heavily restricted as well, only distributed to those who undergo a complicated vetting process, as to ensure that they will not become the next person to kill innocent bystanders. I just want the American public to be safe. I do not want any more men, women, and children to be victims of these preventable crimes. I only wish the best for us. Thank you. WILLIAM MARTIN , MOUNT ABRAHAM UNION HIGH  
SCHOOL (FINALIST)  The United States is being cornered by problems, of all shapes and magnitude, from every direction. These issues need more at-tention and they will not be solved unless ac-tion is taken against them. Many of these situations will only get worse the longer we put them off. There are a variety of problems ranging from climate change to healthcare and we should be looking for a solution for all of them. The three issues that the U.S. should put most of its focus on, however, is the threat from ISIS, the price of higher edu-cation, and the cases of racism, especially those in police shootings. The United States should spend more money to prevent ISIS from growing and causing more damage, because ISIS is a dan-ger to the U.S., as well as other countries around the world and their citizens. Ter-rorism could also continue for a lot longer if we do not stop it soon. Terrorism really came onto the world stage after September 11, 2001. In a single day, a small group of peo-ple managed to kill thousands. Even before this, al-Qaeda truly started in the 1990s. This shows how long these groups have managed to continue, despite our efforts, which means we need to do more. Not only do we need to get rid of the organizations like ISIS that are here now, but we have to provide a stable system to make sure these types of groups don’t return, or we could risk another dis-aster. ISIS will actually pay foreign fighters $1,000 a month, which is how they get many of their recruits. Unfortunately, ISIS has a wide spread with connections in many places. This is a reason why it is hard to eradicate them, but also shows that we need to invest more into it if we want to get it done. The U.S. is however, already spending $40 billion on fighting ISIS annually. This is a large sum of money, but of the $1.1 trillion that the U.S. had for discretionary spending in 2015, it is only about 3.6 percent. The U.S. has a responsibility to help with the fight against ISIS, and the government should spend more money to disrupt this organiza-tion because they are a threat to everyone, everywhere, and will not go away unless we make them. The U.S. should also spend more money on education, to make college more accessible to the average student, because it is impor-tant for getting good jobs and it costs far too much now. The average cost to go to a pri-vate college is $32,405 which deters a lot of students who can’t afford that price for four years. Since this price is so high, and those who can’t afford it simply can’t go, it leaves many without the education needed for high-er paying jobs. This number is far too high. This even gives some doubt about getting their degrees, simply from the fear of debt. It is necessary to get a high paying job to be able to happily provide for a family, however the cost to get there is damaging, which is why the government has to step in. If the government did decide to make public col-lege tuition free, it would cost $62.6 billion. This cost may be high, but it’s not even what is needed. There simply needs to be more spent on making it more affordable. Also, theoretically, if the government needed to raise taxes to make tuition affordable, and nearly everyone had gone to college and had a high paying job, then after a couple years they could raise taxes without too much ef-fect. The U.S. needs to make college easier for everyone and make it more affordable, because it costs far too much and could help citizens live an easier life with more money. The U.S. government needs to take more action against racial events because they defy the constitutional values of the United States and these problems only get worse when left unsolved. The U.S. abolished slav-ery in 1865 under President Lincoln, but since then there has always been a separa-tion of people of color because of the false thought of white superiority. We can see this in the way black people were treated in the 20th century, in how they were allowed little compared to those who were white. This shows a deep root of racism in this country, and though we have been making efforts to reduce it more and more, it still seems to not be enough. A large racism topic that has been in the media for a while is the shooting and other abuse white cops have committed on people of color. One example is Michael Brown, a black 18 year old, who was fatally shot in 2014 by a white officer. After there was no conviction of Darren Wilson, the shooter, many cried out in outrage. The commotion that was caused from that kill-ing, and others, caused massive amounts of damage in protests to both people and prop-erty. There needs to be a better way to deal with these situations, otherwise the outrage will continue. There is also a question raised by statistics like that only 13.2% of the U.S. population is black, and yet they make up 39.4% of the prison population, or that nearly 50% of hate crimes are about racism. These numbers show how we need to increase the involvement of the government in these events—we cannot just ignore the danger be-hind these statistics. On the other hand, all U.S. citizens have the same legal rights, no matter their gender, race, or religion. This fact however, may not be fully true, because though on paper it may say there is no dis-crimination, that does not mean that there aren’t people who do discriminate based on race. The government needs to step in on this issue, and use their power to end it, be-cause it is dangerous to all and defies our American morals. The U.S. will find itself in trouble if solu-tions are not quickly found to ISIS, the price of higher education, and acts of racism. If ac-tion is not taken against ISIS to perma-nently disrupt them, the danger they cause for everyone will only increase and get worse. Similarly, if money is not put to-wards helping offset the cost of higher edu-cation, we could see more and more people who can’t afford to get a degree that could get them a job they can live off of, which would increase the separation of the upper and middle class. Lastly, it is very impor-tant that the U.S. finds a solution to the acts of racism that cause only harm and an-archy. The U.S. will never become the true country it was meant to be, and the ‘‘Amer-ican Dream’’ will be fiction for many, until the problems we face today are solved. 
HADLEY MENK , CHAMPLAIN VALLEY UNION HIGH  
SCHOOL (FINALIST)  All men are created equal. America was founded upon this fundamental belief, but today the meaning of these words has been lost. Americans are not equal when some cannot afford healthcare, when a woman’s power over her body is diminished, or when the pur-suit of happiness is lost in the struggle to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.008 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S423 February 1, 2016 
feed a family. Economically, there is more inequality in America than ever. According to the Pew Research Center, since 1983 ‘‘vir-tually all wealth gains made by U.S. families have gone to the upper-income group.’’ The top 1% of American families received 22.5% of all pre-tax income in 2012, with the bot-tom 90% receiving less than 50% of total in-come for the first time ever. For the plights of everyday Americans to rightfully regain the attention of the govern-ment, the deluge of money being pumped into the electoral system by big corporations and wealthy donors must be stopped. New campaign finance regulations and a reversal of the Citizens United decision will take the government out of the control of the wealthy elite and put it back into the hands of the people. Policies designed to combat income in-equality at its roots are the only way to fix our broken system. For example, we need a minimum wage that allows families an equal chance at happiness. We need political lead-ership that will give low-income women an equal chance at personal liberty, instead of seeking to strip funding from organizations like Planned Parenthood, which for many women are their only option for reproductive healthcare. We need a healthcare system that ensures that no one has less of a right to health because of their socioeconomic class. We need affordable education and job training programs to give young people the tools they need to contribute to our econ-omy. Tax cuts for the wealthiest have only widened the gap and made life harder for too many Americans. It’s time to unite, rather than divide, our country. In order for the American people to unite, elected officials must lead the way, by fol-lowing the will of the people, instead of the dictates of their wealthy donors. For exam-ple, in their 2014 National Climate Assess-ment, the White House found that low-in-come and minority communities suffer the most from climate change-induced events, including heat waves and floods. Still, many in Congress who benefit from oil companies continue to deny climate change exists. Con-gress must begin a full-scale attack on cli-mate change including carbon emission taxes, incentives for renewable energy com-panies and consumers, and efforts to protect valuable natural resources. ‘‘Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happi-ness . . . to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among men.’’ It’s time for our government to reaffirm its commitment to the founding document which formed it 250 years ago, one which outlined a government whose purpose was to uphold its people’s fun-damental rights. When these rights are in-fringed upon by inequality, it is the duty of the government to address that inequality in order to preserve our American identity. 
SOPHIA PARKER , VERGENNES UNION HIGH  
SCHOOL (FINALIST)  Nelson Mandela proclaimed: ‘‘It is in your hands to make of our world a better one for all.’’ It is easy to feel overwhelmed by the com-plex and devastating crises we face today as a nation, to believe the solutions are out of our hands. I see two parallel sets of prob-lems. On one hand, we have institutionalized problems which will require institutional so-lutions, financial resources, and political will. On the other hand, there is a personal malaise, discouragement, and alienation among citizens. The two problems are re-lated because the alienation and discourage-ment stem in part from systems that have become corrupt and ineffective, serving the needs of the few at the expense of the many. However, there is also power in our simple personal choices and actions, which is often overlooked. Engaging this power does not re-quire a political solution. A child can bring this forth. The most disenfranchised person can make a difference. This power resides in the simple personal choice to do good, to take action, to care, to make one small or large movement towards making life a little better for somebody. Every one of us has strengths that we can bring to bear for the sake of another indi-vidual, our community, a specific cause, or the world at large. If each person devoted even an hour a week to making the world a better place, it would have a tremendous im-pact. You are never too young or old to make a difference. You are never too poor, too weak, or too busy to make a difference. Every sin-gle one of us has strengths that we can har-ness to make the world better for the people around us. My 10 year-old neighbor drives his family’s tractor to plow our driveway after every snowstorm, out of the kindness of his heart. My mom and I run wildlife camps for kids; one of our 9 year-old campers started an organization to help older shelter cats find homes. A sophomore at my high school helped organize a winter sleep-out to end homelessness, attended by over a hundred people. These are all young people seeing problems and finding ways to take action through compassion, courage, creativity, and community service. I serve as Miss Vermont’s Outstanding Teen; my platform is wildlife rehabilitation and stewardship of the natural world, which is a cause to which I have been devoted since I was a small child. I travel across Vermont encouraging young people to find their own passion and get involved in contributing something of value to their communities. The response is always inspiring. The problems around us are daunting in-deed. However, we cannot underestimate the power for good that resides in each indi-vidual. It can begin with something as sim-ple as lending each other a hand, and can build into making our world a better one for all.∑ f (At the request of Mr. R EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF NORWAY SAVINGS BANK ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 150th anni-versary of Norway Savings Bank, a mu-tual savings bank based in southern Maine. This community bank has a long and proud history of serving the people of Maine, and I am proud to add my voice to those in our grateful State in recognizing this milestone. Norway Savings Bank will celebrate its anni-versary by hosting events on February 5, 2016, at each of their 24 locations across western and southern Maine. When Norway Savings Bank was in-corporated in 1866, Norway was a small but growing town with a third of the population settled today. A century and a half later, Norway has become a bustling mill town, as well as a popular tourist destination. And since it opened its original building on Main Street in Norway in 1894, Norway Sav-ings Bank has proven itself to be an ex-emplary community bank. As a mutual savings bank, Norway Savings Bank is first and foremost ac-countable to its depositors and the community. At Norway Savings Bank, customers not only find high-quality service, but also an engaged and warm environment. Its dedicated employees have continued the tradition of pro-viding customers with prompt and per-sonalized solutions, regardless of the fi-nancial challenge. The bank’s great customer service and hard work even has people ‘‘from away’’ taking notice: DepositAccounts.com named them one of the top 200 healthiest banks in 2014. Norway Savings Bank’s investment in its employees is also commendable. The bank consistently prioritizes the well-being of its staff and is consist-ently recognized as a top employer in the State of Maine. The bank was named one of the Best Banks to Work For in America in 2013 by the American Bankers Association, and branches of the company have been awarded Best Places to Work in Maine by the Soci-ety for Human Resource Manage-ment’s, SHRM, Maine State Council. Finally, bank leadership and employ-ees prove that they understand the true meaning of ‘‘relationship bank-ing’’ by devoting countless hours of their valuable time, as well as their re-sources, to the betterment of Maine by regularly supporting important com-munity initiatives and issues. Between 2012 and 2014, Norway Savings Bank employees volunteered 27,788 hours of their time to different organizations in the community. The bank’s core business model of putting community first remains true today even as Norway, ME, and the broader financial depository industry have changed dramatically. I am proud to join the people of Norway, ME, and communities across western and south-ern Maine in thanking Norway Savings Bank for their commitment to the peo-ple of Maine and continued work on be-half of our great State. This milestone is a testament to their hard work over the past 150 years, and I wish them many more years of success. ∑ 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING LEFT HAND DITCH COMPANY ∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, today I honor the Left Hand Ditch Company, based in Boulder County, CO, on its 150th anniversary. Left Hand Ditch Company was founded on February 27, 1866, 10 years before Colorado became a State. It provides an essential resource for water in the Boulder and Longmont region of the Northern Front Range. Left Hand has played an important role in the history of water law in Col-orado and the American West. In the case of Coffin v. Left Hand Ditch Com-pany in 1882, the Colorado Supreme Court upheld Left Hand’s right to con-tinue its use of the water supply in the area. This ‘‘first-in, first-right’’ deci-sion became the basis for water law in the West, known as the Doctrine of Prior Appropriation. As one historian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.024 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES424 February 1, 2016 
has said, ‘‘The story of the Left Hand Ditch is the story of water in the west.’’ Water is a foundational aspect of Colorado’s history and is a primary driver for agriculture, commerce, and community development in the State. Left Hand’s contributions have helped spur growth in this region and set an important precedent for our Nation’s water laws. Congratulations to the Left Hand Ditch Company on reaching this significant milestone.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
AGREEMENT ON SOCIAL SECURITY BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND HUNGARY, CONSISTING OF A PRINCIPAL AGREEMENT AND AN ADMINISTRATIVE AGREE-MENT—PM 38 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Finance: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to section 233(e)(1) of the Social Security Act, as amended by the Social Security Amendments of 1977 (Public Law 95-216, 42 U.S.C. 433(e)(1)), I transmit herewith a social security to-talization agreement with Hungary, ti-tled, ‘‘Agreement on Social Security between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of Hungary,’’ and a related agreement titled, ‘‘Administrative Arrangement for the Implementation of the Agree-ment on Social Security between the United States of America and the Gov-ernment of Hungary’’ (collectively the ‘‘Agreements’’). The Agreements were signed in Budapest, Hungary, on Feb-ruary 3, 2015. The Agreements are similar in objec-tive to the social security agreements already in force with most European Union countries, Australia, Canada, Chile, Japan, Norway, the Republic of Korea, and Switzerland. Such bilateral agreements provide for limited coordi-nation between the United States and foreign social security systems to eliminate dual social security coverage and taxation, and to help prevent the lost benefit protection that can occur when workers divide their careers be-tween two countries. The Agreements contain all provi-sions mandated by section 233 of the Social Security Act and the provisions that I deem appropriate to carry out the purposes of section 233, pursuant to section 233(c)(4) of the Social Security Act. I also transmit for the information of the Congress a report required by sec-tion 233(e)(1) of the Social Security Act on the estimated number of individuals who will be affected by the Agreements and the estimated cost effect. The De-partment of State and the Social Secu-rity Administration have rec-ommended the Agreements to me. I commend the Agreements and re-lated documents. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 1, 2016. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment: H.R. 1428. A bill to extend Privacy Act remedies to citizens of certified states, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. COTTON: S. 2474. A bill to allow for additional mark-ings, including the words ‘‘Israel’’ and ‘‘Product in Israel,’’ to be used for country of origin marking requirements for goods made in the geographical areas known as the West Bank and Gaza Strip; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ): S. 2475. A bill to establish a Commission on Structural Alternatives for the Federal Courts of Appeals; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. M
CCONNELL ): S. 2476. A bill to exclude power supply cir-cuits, drivers, and devices designed to be connected to, and power, light-emitting di-odes or organic light-emitting diodes pro-viding illumination or ceiling fans using di-rect current motors from energy conserva-tion standards for external power supplies; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 2477. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide for the appointment of additional Federal circuit judges, to di-vide the Ninth Judicial Circuit of the United States into 2 circuits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 356 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. MURRAY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 356, a bill to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications. 
S. 366 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 366, a bill to require Senate candidates to file designations, statements, and reports in electronic form. 
S. 429 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 429, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to pro-vide a standard definition of thera-peutic foster care services in Medicaid. 
S. 569 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 569, a bill to reauthorize the farm to school program, and for other purposes. 
S. 649 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OT-
TON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 649, a bill to amend the eligibility require-ments for funding under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965. 
S. 1195 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1195, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to update report-ing requirements for institutions of higher education and provide for more accurate and complete data on student retention, graduation, and earnings outcomes at all levels of postsecondary enrollment. 
S. 1333 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1333, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to exclude cannabidiol and cannabidiol-rich plants from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes. 
S. 1479 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1479, a bill to amend the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provisions relating to grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 2042 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2042, a bill to amend the Na-tional Labor Relations Act to strength-en protections for employees wishing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.012 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S425 February 1, 2016 
to advocate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employ-ment and to provide for stronger rem-edies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2116 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2116, a bill to improve cer-tain programs of the Small Business Administration to better assist small business customers in accessing broadband technology, and for other purposes. 
S. 2119 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2119, a bill to provide for greater congressional oversight of Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2185 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2185, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer. 
S. 2344 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2344, a bill to provide au-thority for access to certain business records collected under the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 prior to November 29, 2015, to make the authority for roving surveillance, the authority to treat individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers, and title VII of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 permanent, and to modify the certification requirements for access to telephone toll and trans-actional records by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2403 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2403, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide a pe-riod for the relocation of spouses and dependents of certain members of the Armed Forces undergoing a permanent change of station in order to ease and facilitate the relocation of military families, and for other purposes. 
S. 2423 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2423, a bill making appropriations to address the heroin and opioid drug abuse epidemic for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
S. 2451 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2451, a bill to designate the area between the intersections of International Drive, Northwest and Van Ness Street, North-west and International Drive, North-west and International Place, North-west in Washington, District of Colum-bia, as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’, and for other purposes. S. 2452 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as cosponsors of S. 2452, a bill to prohibit the use of funds to make payments to Iran relat-ing to the settlement of claims brought before the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal until Iran has paid certain compensatory damages awarded to United States persons by United States courts. 
S. 2455 
At the request of Mr. L EE, his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2455, a bill to expand school choice in the Dis-trict of Columbia. 
S. 2459 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2459, a bill to require the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to be ap-pointed by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
S. 2462 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2462, a bill to amend section 117 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude Federal student aid from taxable gross income. 
S. 2466 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2466, a bill to amend the Safe Water Drinking Act to authorize the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency to notify the public if a State agency and public water system are not taking action to address a public health risk associated with drinking water requirements. 
S. CON. RES. 27 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 27, a concurrent resolution affirming the importance of religious freedom as a fundamental human right that is essential to a free society and is protected for all Americans by the text of the Constitution, and recognizing the 230th anniversary of the enactment of the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom. 
S. RES. 347 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 347, a resolution honoring the memory and legacy of Anita Ashok Datar and con-demning the terrorist attack in Bamako, Mali, on November 20, 2015. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2971 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. STABENOW ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2971 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2972 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2972 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2990 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2990 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3005 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3005 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3035 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3035 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3042 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3042 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3057 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3057 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3061 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3061 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3069 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3069 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.013 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES426 February 1, 2016 
provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3072 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) and the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3072 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3082 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3082 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3083 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3083 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3095 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 3095 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3096 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3096 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3097 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3097 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3098 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3098 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3099 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3099 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 3100 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3100 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3105 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3105 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3107 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3107 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3135 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3135 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3136 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3136 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3138 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cospon-sors of amendment No. 3138 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3140 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 3140 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3143. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. MURKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3144. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3145. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3146. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3147. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3148. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3149. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3150. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3151. Mr. BURR submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3152. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3153. Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3154. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3155. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3156. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3157. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3158. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3159. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.015 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S427 February 1, 2016 
SA 3160. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. S ANDERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3161. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3162. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3163. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. P ETERS ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3164. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3165. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3166. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3167. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3168. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. M CCONNELL , and Mr. D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3169. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3170. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3171. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3172. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3173. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3174. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3175. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3176. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. MURKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3177. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3178. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3179. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. H
OEVEN , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3180. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3181. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3182. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3183. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3143. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part III of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 131l. REAUTHORIZATION OF DIESEL EMIS-SIONS REDUCTION PROGRAM. 
Section 797(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16137(a)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
SA 3144. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 168, between lines 20 and 21, insert the following: (d) D
RAWDOWN AND SALE OF REFINED PE-
TROLEUM PRODUCTS .— (1) D
EFINITION OF SEVERE ENERGY SUPPLY  
INTERRUPTION .—Section 3(8) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6202(8)) is amended by striking ‘‘or (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘(iii) an interruption of the world- wide supply of crude petroleum that is likely to cause a severe increase in the price of do-mestic petroleum products, or (iv)’’. (2) D
RAWDOWN AND SALE OF PETROLEUM  
PRODUCTS .—Section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) DRAWDOWN AND SALE OF REFINED PE-
TROLEUM PRODUCTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may draw down and sell refined petroleum products in accordance with this subsection if the Presi-dent finds that— ‘‘(A) a circumstance exists that con-stitutes, or is likely to become, a regional severe energy supply interruption of signifi-cant scope or duration; and ‘‘(B) action taken under this subsection would assist directly and significantly in preventing or reducing the adverse impact of the shortage. ‘‘(2) R
EFINED PETROLEUM PRODUCTS .—Re- fined petroleum products covered by this subsection include all petroleum products other than crude oil held by the Secretary as part of— ‘‘(A) the Strategic Petroleum Reserve es-tablished by section 154; or ‘‘(B) the Northeast Home Heating Oil Re-serve established under section 181. ‘‘(3) S
ALES .—Sales of refined petroleum products under this subsection— ‘‘(A) shall be made at public sale to the highest qualified bidder; but ‘‘(B) do not need not comply with the re-quirements of subsection (e)(1) or section 183.’’. 
SA 3145. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: Subtitle I—Thermal Energy 
SEC. 3801. MODIFYING THE DEFINITION OF RE-NEWABLE ENERGY TO INCLUDE THERMAL ENERGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852) (as amend-ed by section 3001(b)) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘a num-ber equivalent to’’ before ‘‘the total amount of electric energy’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED WASTE HEAT RESOURCE .—The term ‘qualified waste heat resource’ means— ‘‘(A) exhaust heat or flared gas from any industrial process; ‘‘(B) waste gas or industrial tail gas that would otherwise be flared, incinerated, or vented; ‘‘(C) a pressure drop in any gas for an in-dustrial or commercial process; or ‘‘(D) such other forms of waste heat as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’; and (C) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated by subparagraph (A))— (i) by striking ‘‘produced from’’ and insert-ing ‘‘produced or, if resulting from a thermal energy project placed in service after Decem-ber 31, 2014, thermal energy generated from, or avoided by,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘qualified waste heat re-source,’’ after ‘‘municipal solid waste,’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.010 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES428 February 1, 2016 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) S
EPARATE CALCULATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of deter-mining compliance with the requirements of this section, any energy consumption that is avoided through the use of renewable energy shall be considered to be renewable energy produced. ‘‘(B) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—Avoided energy consumption that is considered to be renewable energy produced under subpara-graph (A) shall not also be counted for pur-poses of achieving compliance with another Federal energy efficiency goal.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2410q(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 203(b)(2) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852(b)(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15852(b))’’. 
SA 3146. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE ll—BUREAU OF RECLAMATION 
SEC. ll01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. ll02. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the water resources infrastructure of the Bureau of Reclamation provides impor-tant benefits related to irrigated agri-culture, municipal and industrial water, hy-dropower, flood control, fish and wildlife, and recreation in the 17 Reclamation States; (2) as of 2013, the combined replacement value of the infrastructure assets of the Bu-reau of Reclamation was $94,500,000,000; (3) the majority of the water resources in-frastructure facilities of the Bureau of Rec-lamation are at least 60 years old; (4) the Bureau of Reclamation has pre-viously undertaken efforts to better manage the assets of the Bureau of Reclamation, in-cluding an annual review of asset mainte-nance activities of the Bureau of Reclama-tion known as the ‘‘Asset Management Plan’’; and (5) actionable information on infrastruc-ture conditions at the asset level, including information on maintenance needs at indi-vidual assets due to aging infrastructure, is needed for Congress to conduct oversight of Reclamation facilities and meet the needs of the public. 
SEC. ll03. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
SSET.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘asset’’ means any of the following assets that are used to achieve the mission of the Bureau of Rec-lamation to manage, develop, and protect water and related resources in an environ-mentally and economically sound manner in the interest of the people of the United States: (i) Capitalized facilities, buildings, struc-tures, project features, power production equipment, recreation facilities, or quarters. (ii) Capitalized and noncapitalized heavy equipment and other installed equipment. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘asset’’ includes assets described in subparagraph (A) that are considered to be mission critical. (2) A
SSET MANAGEMENT REPORT .—The term ‘‘Asset Management Report’’ means— (A) the annual plan prepared by the Bureau of Reclamation known as the ‘‘Asset Man-agement Plan’’; and (B) any publicly available information re-lating to the plan described in subparagraph (A) that summarizes the efforts of the Bu-reau of Reclamation to evaluate and manage infrastructure assets of the Bureau of Rec-lamation. (3) MAJOR REPAIR AND REHABILITATION  
NEED .—The term ‘‘major repair and rehabili-tation need’’ means major nonrecurring maintenance at a Reclamation facility, in-cluding maintenance related to the safety of dams, extraordinary maintenance of dams, deferred major maintenance activities, and all other significant repairs and extraor-dinary maintenance. (4) R
ECLAMATION FACILITY .—The term ‘‘Reclamation facility’’ means each of the in-frastructure assets that are owned by the Bureau of Reclamation at a Reclamation project. (5) R
ECLAMATION PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Rec-lamation project’’ means a project that is owned by the Bureau of Reclamation, includ-ing all reserved works and transferred works owned by the Bureau of Reclamation. (6) R
ESERVED WORKS .—The term ‘‘reserved works’’ means buildings, structures, facili-ties, or equipment that are owned by the Bu-reau of Reclamation for which operations and maintenance are performed by employ-ees of the Bureau of Reclamation or through a contract entered into by the Bureau of Reclamation, regardless of the source of funding for the operations and maintenance. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (8) T
RANSFERRED WORKS .—The term ‘‘trans-ferred works’’ means a Reclamation facility at which operations and maintenance of the facility is carried out by a non-Federal enti-ty under the provisions of a formal oper-ations and maintenance transfer contract or other legal agreement with the Bureau of Reclamation. 
SEC. ll04. ASSET MANAGEMENT REPORT EN-HANCEMENTS FOR RESERVED WORKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress an Asset Management Report that— (1) describes the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation— (A) to maintain in a reliable manner all re-served works at Reclamation facilities; and (B) to standardize and streamline data re-porting and processes across regions and areas for the purpose of maintaining re-served works at Reclamation facilities; and (2) expands on the information otherwise provided in an Asset Management Report, in accordance with subsection (b). (b) I
NFRASTRUCTURE MAINTENANCE NEEDS  A
SSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Asset Management Report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— (A) a detailed assessment of major repair and rehabilitation needs for all reserved works at all Reclamation projects; and (B) to the extent practicable, an itemized list of major repair and rehabilitation needs of individual Reclamation facilities at each Reclamation project. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—To the extent practicable, the itemized list of major repair and reha-bilitation needs under paragraph (1)(B) shall include— (A) a budget level cost estimate of the ap-propriations needed to complete each item; and (B) an assignment of a categorical rating for each item, consistent with paragraph (3). (3) R
ATING REQUIREMENTS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The system for assigning ratings under paragraph (2)(B) shall be— (i) consistent with existing uniform cat-egorization systems to inform the annual budget process and agency requirements; and (ii) subject to the guidance and instruc-tions issued under subparagraph (B). (B) G
UIDANCE .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall issue guidance that describes the applicability of the rating system appli-cable under paragraph (2)(B) to Reclamation facilities. (4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Except as pro-vided in paragraph (5), the Secretary shall make publicly available, including on the Internet, the Asset Management Report re-quired under subsection (a). (5) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—The Secretary may exclude from the public version of the Asset Management Report made available under paragraph (4) any information that the Sec-retary identifies as sensitive or classified, but shall make available to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a version of the report containing the sensitive or classi-fied information. (c) U
PDATES .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the Asset Management Re-port is submitted under subsection (a) and biennially thereafter, the Secretary shall up-date the Asset Management Report, subject to the requirements of section ll05(b)(2). (d) C
ONSULTATION .—To the extent that such consultation would assist the Secretary in preparing the Asset Management Report under subsection (a) and updates to the Asset Management Report under subsection (c), the Secretary shall consult with— (1) the Secretary of the Army (acting through the Chief of Engineers); and (2) water and power contractors. 
SEC. ll05. ASSET MANAGEMENT REPORT EN-HANCEMENTS FOR TRANSFERRED WORKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate with the non-Federal entities re-sponsible for the operation and maintenance of transferred works in developing reporting requirements for Asset Management Reports with respect to major repair and rehabilita-tion needs for transferred works that are similar to the reporting requirements de-scribed in section ll04(b). (b) G
UIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After considering input from water and power contractors of the Bu-reau of Reclamation, the Secretary shall de-velop and implement a rating system for transferred works that incorporates, to the maximum extent practicable, the rating sys-tem for major repair and rehabilitation needs for reserved works developed under section ll04(b)(3). (2) U
PDATES .—The ratings system devel-oped under paragraph (1) shall be included in the updated Asset Management Reports under section ll04(c). 
SEC. ll06. OFFSET. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in the case of the project authorized by section 1617 of the Reclamation Projects Au-thorization and Adjustment Act of 1992 (43 U.S.C. 390h–12c), the maximum amount of the Federal share of the cost of the project under section 1631(d)(1) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 390h–13(d)(1)) otherwise available as of the date of enactment of this Act shall be re-duced by $2,000,000. 
SA 3147. Mr. RISCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.018 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S429 February 1, 2016 
for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 23ll. RECOGNITION OF STATE OR LOCAL DETERMINATIONS. 
Section 210(m) of the Public Utility Regu-latory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 824a– 3(m)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), and (8), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) S
TATE OR LOCAL DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—After the date of enact-ment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, no electric utility shall be re-quired to enter into a new contract or le-gally enforceable obligation to purchase electric energy from a qualifying small power production facility that produces elec-tric energy solely by the use, as a primary energy source, of a resource other than waste and water, under this section if the State regulatory agency (with respect to each electric utility for which the State reg-ulatory authority has ratemaking authority) or the nonregulated electric utility has de-termined that the electric utility has no need to acquire additional generation re-sources in order to meet the obligation of the electric utility to serve customers in the public interest. ‘‘(B) R
EASSESSMENT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of a determination under subparagraph (A) and every 3 years there-after, the State regulatory agency (with re-spect to each electric utility for which the State regulatory authority has ratemaking authority) or the nonregulated electric util-ity shall reassess the determination under that subparagraph.’’; (3) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘of this subsection’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or in paragraph (3)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ each place it appears; and (4) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘para-graph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (4)’’; (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘of this subsection’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘or in paragraph (3)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ each place it appears. 
SA 3148. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. PRESIDENT’S CLIMATE ACTION PLAN. 
The Federal Government shall not take any action pursuant to the President’s Cli-mate Action Plan (published in June 2013), including implementation of the final rule entitled ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guide-lines for Existing Stationary Sources: Elec-tric Utility Generating Units’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 64662 (October 23, 2015)), that would reduce electric grid reliability, which would— (1) unnecessarily endanger the health and welfare of senior citizens in the United States; and (2) result in increased electricity prices that disproportionately impact low-income and fixed-income households, minority com-munities, minority-owned and women-owned businesses, manufacturers, and rural com-munities. SA 3149. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 31ll. REPORT REQUIREMENT FOR FED-ERAL ONSHORE OIL AND GAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior may not alter royalties for Federal on-shore oil and gas development without first— (1) submitting a report to Congress— (A) demonstrating that the proposed ac-tion would not result in a net loss in jobs to the affected communities where the Federal onshore oil and gas development occurs; (B) detailing any potential economic im-pacts the action would have on rural econo-mies; and (C) containing an independent analysis of the direct and indirect impact of the action on small businesses impacted by a change in royalty structure; and (2) giving the appropriate committees of Congress not fewer than 90 days to review the report submitted under paragraph (1). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR REPORT .—The report submitted under subsection (a) shall include information describing the impact the action will have on— (1) net revenue to the Treasury of the United States and to the States, taking into consideration the effect the new royalty will have on the net loss in jobs in affected com-munities where the Federal onshore oil and gas development occurs; (2) rural economies, specifically areas de-pendent on the Federal onshore oil and gas development; and (3) domestic energy production and energy independence. 
SA 3150. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 31ll. ONLINE AUCTIONS AUTHORIZED. 
Section 36 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 192) is amended by adding before the period at the end the following: ‘‘ And pro- vided further, that in the event of a protest activity or other unforeseen event causing a disruption to a sale under this section, the Secretary of the Interior, as expeditiously as practicable and in any case during the same quarter as the originally announced sale, shall hold the sale through an Internet-based lease sale in accordance with section 17(b)(1)(C)’’. 
SA 3151. Mr. BURR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 30ll. EXTENSION OF DEADLINE FOR HY-DROELECTRIC PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 12642, the Commission may, at the request of the li-censee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest require-ments of that section and the procedures of the Commission under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for up to 3 consecutive 2-year pe-riods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commis-sion. (b) REINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .— If the period required for commencement of construction of the project described in sub-section (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission shall reinstate the license effective as of the date of the expiration of the li-cense; and (2) the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on that expi-ration date. 
SA 3152. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY INSPEC-TOR GENERAL EXTENDED VACANCY PREVENTION. 
If the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Council’’) determines that a vacancy exists at the position of Inspector General of the Office of Inspector General at the Department and the President has not nominated an Inspector General to fill that vacancy by the end of the 210-day period be-ginning on the date the vacancy began, not-withstanding any other provision of law, there shall be transferred from the salaries and expenses account of the White House to the Office of Inspector General account of the Department $20,000 for each month dur-ing which the Council determines that the President has not nominated an Inspector General to fill that vacancy, to continue on a monthly basis until the President has made the nomination. 
SA 3153. Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44ll. GAO INVESTIGATION OF BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL EN-FORCEMENT ACTIONS RELATING TO THE SEIZURE OF HELICOPTER FUEL. 
(a) I NVESTIGATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an investigation of actions taken by employees of the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Bureau’’) regarding the demand for, or seizure of, without per-mission and with or without offering to pro-vide compensation in exchange for, privately 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.018 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES430 February 1, 2016 
owned helicopter fuel from lessees, permit holders, or operators of federally leased off-shore facilities, independent contractors, or third-party vendors. (2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the inves-tigation conducted under paragraph (1) shall be to determine— (A)(i) whether the Bureau has the explicit authority under law (including regulations consistent with the statutory authority of the Bureau) to demand or seize, whether for valid inspections or operational convenience, privately owned helicopter fuel from lessees, permit holders, or operators of federally leased offshore facilities, independent con-tractors, or third-party vendors, even in cases in which the Bureau offers compensa-tion for the fuel demanded or seized; and (ii) if the Comptroller General of the United States determines that the Bureau has the authority described in clause (i), whether— (I) the Bureau may demand or seize the helicopter fuel at any time and for any pur-pose; or (II) the authority under that clause is sub-ject to conditions or limitations; (B) whether an independent helicopter service provider not under agreement with the Bureau or a contracted helicopter service provider of the Bureau qualifies as ‘‘a des-ignated operator or agent of the lessee(s), a pipeline right-of-way holder, or a State les-see granted a right-of-use and easement’’ under section 250.105 of title 30, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act); (C) whether the Bureau is or has been con-ducting random, unscheduled inspections at any facility of a lessee or permit holder of the Bureau— (i) to allow the Bureau to take helicopter fuel at the facility for the convenience of the Bureau; and (ii) to justify the taking of helicopter fuel in connection with an inspection that other-wise would not have occurred; and (D) whether employees of the Bureau, by demanding or seizing, or directing participa-tion of third parties in the demand for or sei-zure of, helicopter fuel, through intimida-tion, coercion, or other means, directly or indirectly, without the consent of the pri-vate owner of the fuel, would be— (i) subject to civil liability under section 2680(h) of title 28, United States Code; or (ii) subject to civil or criminal liability under any other law. (b) R
EPORT .—On completion of the inves-tigation under subsection (a), the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that de-scribes the results of the investigation under that subsection. 
SA 3154. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 42ll. RESTORATION OF LABORATORY DI-RECTED RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) laboratory directed research and devel-opment (referred to in this subsection as ‘‘LDRD’’) is an investment for the future; (2) the purposes of LDRD are— (A) to recruit, to develop, and to retain a creative workforce for a laboratory; and (B) to produce innovative ideas that are vital to the ability of a laboratory to produce the best scientific work in accord-ance with the mission of the laboratory; (3) LDRD has a long history of support and accomplishment since 1954, when Congress first authorized LDRD in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.); (4) formal requirements, external review, and oversight by the Secretary with respect to LDRD projects ensure that LDRD projects— (A) are selected competitively; and (B) explore innovative and new areas of re-search that are not covered by existing re-search programs; (5) LDRD is a resource to support cutting- edge exploratory research prior to the identi-fication and development of a research pro-gram by the Department or a strategic part-ner of the Department; (6) LDRD projects in the same topic area may be funded at various laboratories to ex-plore potential paths for a program in that topic area; (7) LDRD projects provide valuable in-sights for peer-review strategic assessments conducted by the Department in the program planning process; (8) LDRD is an important recruitment and retention tool for the National Laboratories; (9) the recruitment and retention tool that LDRD provides is especially crucial for the laboratories operated by the National Nu-clear Security Administration, which must attract new staff to the laboratories in order to maintain a highly trained workforce to support the missions of the National Nuclear Security Administration with respect to nu-clear weapons and national security; and (10) the October 28, 2015, Final Report of the Commission to Review the Effectiveness of the National Energy Laboratories— (A) strongly endorsed LDRD programs both now and into the future; and (B) supported restoration of the cap on LDRD to 6 percent unburdened or the equiva-lent of 6 percent unburdened. (b) GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE OVER-
HEAD FOR LABORATORY DIRECTED RESEARCH  
ANDDEVELOPMENT .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the laboratory operating contrac-tors for Lawrence Livermore National Lab-oratory, Los Alamos National Laboratory, and Sandia National Laboratories do not al-locate costs of general and administrative overhead to laboratory directed research and development. 
SA 3155. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 320, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: (f) O
UTREACH TO MINORITY -SERVING INSTITU -
TIONS .—In developing the strategy under sub-section (a), the Board shall— (1) give special consideration to increasing outreach to minority-serving institutions (including historically black colleges and universities, predominantly black institu-tions, Hispanic serving institutions, and tribal institutions); (2) make resources available to minority- serving institutions with the objective of in-creasing the number of skilled minorities and women trained to go into the energy and manufacturing sectors; and (3) encourage industry to improve the op-portunities for students of minority-serving institutions to participate in industry in-ternships and cooperative work-study pro-grams. On page 320, line 3, strike ‘‘(f)’’ and insert ‘‘(g)’’. On page 324, strike line 9 and insert the fol-lowing: (j) DIRECT ASSISTANCE .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall pro-vide direct assistance (including technical expertise, wraparound services, career coach-ing, mentorships, internships, and partner-ships) to entities that receive a grant under this section. (k) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall On page 324, line 14, strike ‘‘(k)’’ and insert ‘‘(l)’’. On page 325, line 3, strike ‘‘(l)’’ and insert ‘‘(m)’’. 
SA 3156. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 130, strike line 18 and all that follows through page 131, line 5. Beginning on page 419, line 26, strike ‘‘(as amended’’ and all that follows through ‘‘1201(d)(3))’’ on page 420, line 1. 
SA 3157. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 329, line 9, insert ‘‘unless the paper has been segregated for the purpose of as-sured destruction’’ after ‘‘electricity’’. 
SA 3158. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 69, between lines 21 and 22, insert the following: (d) W
EATHERIZATION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM  
FOR LOW-INCOME PERSONS .—Section 415 of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6865) (as amended by subsection (c)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State shall use up to 8 percent of any grant made by the Secretary under this part to track applicants for and recipients of weatherization assistance under this part to determine the impact of the as-sistance and eliminate or reduce reliance on the low-income home energy assistance pro-gram established under the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981 (42 U.S.C. 8621 et seq.), over a period of not more than 3 years. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF SAVINGS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of any savings ob-tained by the Secretary of Health and Human Services due to eliminated or re-duced reliance on the low-income home en-ergy assistance program established under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.019 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S431 February 1, 2016 
the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981 (42 U.S.C. 8621 et seq.) as a result of the weatherization assistance provided under this part, as determined under para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) 50 percent shall be transferred to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide assistance to States under this part, to be reallocated to the States pro rata based on the savings realized by each State under this part; and ‘‘(B) 50 percent shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury for purposes of reducing the annual Federal budget deficit. ‘‘(3) A
NNUAL STATE PLANS .—A State may submit to the Secretary for approval within 90 days an annual plan for the administra-tion of assistance under this part in the State that includes, at the option of the State— ‘‘(A) local income eligibility standards for the assistance that are not based on the for-mula that are used to allocate assistance under this part; and ‘‘(B) the establishment of revolving loan funds for multifamily affordable housing units. ‘‘(4) E
VALUATION .—Of amounts appro-priated for headquarters training and tech-nical assistance for the Weatherization As-sistance Program each fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall use not more than 25 percent— ‘‘(A) to carry out a 3-year evaluation of the plans submitted under paragraph (3); and ‘‘(B) to disseminate to each State weather-ization program a report describing the re-sults of the evaluation. ‘‘(5) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—As soon as practicable, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the training and technical assistance efforts of the Depart-ment to assist States in carrying out para-graph (1).’’. 
SA 3159. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Mr. C ASEY ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 322, strike lines 21 through 25 and insert the following: (9) work with minority-serving institutions to provide job training to increase the num-ber of skilled minorities and women in the energy sector; (10) provide job training for displaced and unemployed workers in the energy sector; or (11) establish or support an existing Center of Excellence for energy workforce training based in a community college or an institu-tion of higher education offering 2-year tech-nical programs that offers programs located in shale play areas of the United States. 
SA 3160. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. M
IKULSKI , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. S
ANDERS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 263, line 5, strike ‘‘or the Atlantic Ocean Basin’’. 
SA 3161. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. MURKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 35ll. FAIRNESS IN COMPETITION FOR SO-LICITATIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL PROJECT ACTIVITIES. 
Section 33 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2053) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of this section, with respect to international re-search projects, the term ‘private facilities or laboratories’ means a facility or labora-tory that is located in the United States.’’. 
SA 3162. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. WATERSENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part B of title III of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act is amended by adding after section 324A (42 U.S.C. 6294a) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 324B. WATERSENSE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF WATER SENSE PRO-
GRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established within the Environmental Protection Agen-cy a voluntary WaterSense program to iden-tify and promote water-efficient products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services that, through voluntary label-ing of, or other forms of communications re-garding, products, buildings, landscapes, fa-cilities, processes, and services while meet-ing strict performance criteria, sensibly— ‘‘(A) reduce water use; ‘‘(B) reduce the strain on public and com-munity water systems and wastewater and stormwater infrastructure; ‘‘(C) conserve energy used to pump, heat, transport, and treat water; and ‘‘(D) preserve water resources for future generations. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (referred to in this section as the ‘Administrator’) shall, consistent with this section, identify water-efficient products, buildings, land-scapes, facilities, processes, and services, in-cluding categories such as— ‘‘(A) irrigation technologies and services; ‘‘(B) point-of-use water treatment devices; ‘‘(C) plumbing products; ‘‘(D) reuse and recycling technologies; ‘‘(E) landscaping and gardening products, including moisture control or water enhanc-ing technologies; ‘‘(F) xeriscaping and other landscape con-versions that reduce water use; ‘‘(G) whole house humidifiers; and ‘‘(H) water-efficient buildings or facilities. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Administrator, coordi-nating as appropriate with the Secretary, shall— ‘‘(1) establish— ‘‘(A) a WaterSense label to be used for items meeting the certification criteria es-tablished in accordance with this section; and ‘‘(B) the procedure, including the methods and means, and criteria by which an item may be certified to display the WaterSense label; ‘‘(2) enhance public awareness regarding the WaterSense label through outreach, edu-cation, and other means; ‘‘(3) preserve the integrity of the WaterSense label by— ‘‘(A) establishing and maintaining feasible performance criteria so that products, build-ings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services labeled with the WaterSense label perform as well or better than less water-ef-ficient counterparts; ‘‘(B) overseeing WaterSense certifications made by third parties; ‘‘(C) as determined appropriate by the Ad-ministrator, using testing protocols, from the appropriate, applicable, and relevant consensus standards, for the purpose of de-termining standards compliance; and ‘‘(D) auditing the use of the WaterSense label in the marketplace and preventing cases of misuse; and ‘‘(4) not more often than 6 years after adoption or major revision of any WaterSense specification, review and, if ap-propriate, revise the specification to achieve additional water savings; ‘‘(5) in revising a WaterSense specifica-tion— ‘‘(A) provide reasonable notice to inter-ested parties and the public of any changes, including effective dates, and an explanation of the changes; ‘‘(B) solicit comments from interested par-ties and the public prior to any changes; ‘‘(C) as appropriate, respond to comments submitted by interested parties and the pub-lic; and ‘‘(D) provide an appropriate transition time prior to the applicable effective date of any changes, taking into account the timing necessary for the manufacture, marketing, training, and distribution of the specific water-efficient product, building, landscape, process, or service category being addressed; and ‘‘(6) not later than December 31, 2018, con-sider for review and revision any WaterSense specification adopted before January 1, 2012. ‘‘(c) TRANSPARENCY .—The Administrator shall, to the maximum extent practicable and not less than annually, regularly esti-mate and make available to the public the production and relative market shares and savings of water, energy, and capital costs of water, wastewater, and stormwater attrib-utable to the use of WaterSense-labeled products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services. ‘‘(d) D
ISTINCTION OF AUTHORITIES .—In set- ting or maintaining specifications for En-ergy Star pursuant to section 324A, and WaterSense under this section, the Secretary and Administrator shall coordinate to pre-vent duplicative or conflicting requirements among the respective programs.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. prec. 6201) is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 324A the following: ‘‘Sec. 324B. WaterSense.’’. 
SA 3163. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the moderniza-tion of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.020 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES432 February 1, 2016 
TITLE VI—SECURING AMERICA’S FUTURE ENERGY: PROTECTING OUR INFRA-STRUCTURE OF PIPELINES AND EN-HANCING SAFETY ACT 
SEC. 6001. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Securing America’s Future Energy: Protecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act’’ or the ‘‘SAFE PIPES Act’’. (b) R
EFERENCES TO TITLE 49, U NITED  S
TATES CODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, wherever in this title an amend-ment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to a section or other pro-vision of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 6002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) G AS AND HAZARDOUS LIQUID .—Section 60125(a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘there is authorized to be appropriated to the Depart-ment of Transportation for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015, from fees collected under section 60301, $90,679,000, of which $4,746,000 is for carrying out such section 12 and $ 36,194,000 is for making grants.’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘there are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Transportation from fees collected under section 60301— ‘‘(A) $127,060,000 for fiscal year 2016, of which $9,325,000 shall be expended for car-rying out such section 12 and $42,515,000 shall be expended for making grants; ‘‘(B) $129,671,000 for fiscal year 2017, of which $9,418,000 shall be expended for car-rying out such section 12 and $42,941,000 shall be expended for making grants; ‘‘(C) $132,334,000 for fiscal year 2018, of which $9,512,000 shall be expended for car-rying out such section 12 and $43,371,000 shall be expended for making grants; and ‘‘(D) $135,051,000 for fiscal year 2019, of which $9,607,000 shall be expended for car-rying out such section 12 and $43,805,000 shall be expended for making grants.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘there is authorized to be appropriated for each of fis-cal years 2012 through 2015 from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the provi-sions of this chapter related to hazardous liquid and section 12 of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 (49 U.S.C. 60101 note; Public Law 107–355), $18,573,000, of which $2,174,000 is for carrying out such sec-tion 12 and $4,558,000 is for making grants.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘there are au-thorized to be appropriated from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the provisions of this chapter related to haz-ardous liquid and section 12 of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 (49 U.S.C. 60101 note; Public Law 107–355)—’’ ‘‘(A) $19,890,000 for fiscal year 2016, of which $3,108,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $8,708,000 shall be ex-pended for making grants; ‘‘(B) $20,288,000 for fiscal year 2017, of which $3,139,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $8,795,000 shall be ex-pended for making grants; ‘‘(C) $20,694,000 for fiscal year 2018, of which $3,171,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $8,883,000 shall be ex-pended for making grants; and ‘‘(D) $21,108,000 for fiscal year 2019, of which $3,203,000 shall be expended for carrying out such section 12 and $8,972,000 shall be ex-pended for making grants.’’. (b) E
MERGENCY RESPONSE GRANTS .—Sec- tion 60125(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. (c) O
NE-CALL NOTIFICATION PROGRAMS .— Section 6107 is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,060,000 for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. (d) STATE DAMAGE PREVENTION PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 60134(i) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. (e) C
OMMUNITY PIPELINE SAFETY INFORMA -
TION GRANTS .—Section 60130(c) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. (f) P
IPELINE INTEGRITY PROGRAM .—Section 12(f) of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 (49 U.S.C. 60101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. 
SEC. 6003. REGULATORY UPDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until a final rule has been issued for each of the requirements de-scribed under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), the Secretary of Transportation shall publish an update on a public website regarding the sta-tus of a final rule for— (1) regulations required under the Pipeline Safety Regulatory Certainty and Job Cre-ation Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–90; 125 Stat. 1904) for which no interim final rule or direct final rule has been issued; (2) any regulation relating to pipeline safe-ty required by law, other than a regulation described under paragraph (1), for which for more than 2 years after the date of the en-acting statute or statutory deadline no in-terim final rule or direct final rule has been issued; and (3) any other pipeline safety rulemaking categorized as significant. (b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a description of the work plan for the outstanding regulation; (2) an updated rulemaking timeline for the outstanding regulation; (3) current staff allocations; (4) any other information collection re-quest with substantial changes; (5) current data collection or research re-lating to the development of the rulemaking; (6) current collaborative efforts with safety experts and other stakeholders; (7) any resource constraints impacting the rulemaking process for the outstanding regu-lation; and (8) any other details associated with the development of the rulemaking that impact the progress of the rulemaking. 
SEC. 6004. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS IDENTIFICA-TION NUMBERS. 
The Administrator of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration shall— (1) rescind the implementation of the June 26, 2015 PHMSA interpretative letter (#14- 0178); and (2) reinstate paragraphs (4) and (5) of sec-tion 172.336(c) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, without the reference to ‘‘gas-ohol’’, as was originally intended in the March 7, 2013 final rule (PHMSA–2011–0142). 
SEC. 6005. STATUTORY PREFERENCE. 
The Administrator of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration shall prioritize the use of Office of Pipeline Safety resources for the development of each outstanding statutory requirement, includ-ing requirements for rulemakings and infor-mation collection requests, for a rulemaking described in a report under section 6003 be-fore beginning any new rulemaking required after the date of the enactment of this Act unless the Secretary of Transportation cer-tifies to Congress that there is a significant need to move forward with a new rule-making. SEC. 6006. NATURAL GAS INTEGRITY MANAGE-MENT REVIEW. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the publication of a final rule regarding the safety of gas transmission pipelines (76 Fed. Reg. 53086), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress regarding the natural gas integrity management program. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the extent to which the natural gas integrity management program under section 60109(c) of title 49, United States Code, has improved the safety of nat-ural gas transmission pipelines; (2) an analysis or recommendations, in-cluding consideration of technical, oper-ational, and economic feasibility, regarding changes to the program that would prevent inadvertent releases from pipelines and miti-gate any adverse consequences of an inad-vertent release, including changes to the current definition of high consequence area, or would expand integrity management be-yond high consequence areas; (3) a review of the cost effectiveness of the legacy class location regulations; (4) an analysis of and recommendations re-garding what impact pipeline features and conditions, including the age, condition, ma-terials, and construction of a pipeline, should have on risk analysis of a particular pipeline; (5) a description of any challenges affect-ing Federal or State regulators in their over-sight of the program and how the challenges are being addressed; and (6) a description of any challenges affect-ing the natural gas industry in complying with the program, and how the challenges are being addressed. (c) D
EFINITION OF HIGH CONSEQUENCE  A
REA.—In this section and in section 6007, the term ‘‘high consequence area’’ means an area described in section 60109(a) of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 6007. HAZARDOUS LIQUID INTEGRITY MAN-AGEMENT REVIEW. 
(a) S AFETY STUDY .—Not later than 18 months after the publication of a final rule regarding the safety of hazardous liquid pipe-lines (80 Fed. Reg. 61610), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress regarding the hazardous liquid integrity management program. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the extent to which liq-uid pipeline integrity management in high consequence areas for operators of certain hazardous liquid pipeline facilities, as regu-lated under sections 195.450 and 195.452 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, has im-proved the safety of hazardous liquid pipe-lines; (2) recommendations, including consider-ation of technical, operational, and eco-nomic feasibility, regarding changes to the program that could prevent inadvertent re-leases from pipelines and mitigate any ad-verse consequences of an inadvertent release, including changes to the current definition of high consequence area; (3) an analysis of how surveying, assess-ment, mitigation, and monitoring activities, including real-time hazardous liquid pipeline monitoring during significant flood events and information sharing with other Federal agencies, are being used to address risks as-sociated with the dynamic and unique nature of rivers, flood plains, and lakes; (4) an analysis of and recommendations re-garding what impact pipeline features and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.025 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S433 February 1, 2016 
conditions, including the age, condition, ma-terials, and construction of a pipeline, should have on risk analysis of a particular pipeline and what changes to the definition of high consequence area could be made to improve pipeline safety; and (5) a description of any challenges affect-ing Federal or State regulators in their over-sight of the program and how the challenges are being addressed. 
SEC. 6008. TECHNICAL SAFETY STANDARDS COM-MITTEES. 
Section 60115(b)(4)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘State commissioners. The Secretary shall consult with the national organization of State commissions before selecting those 2 individuals.’’ and inserting ‘‘State officials. The Secretary shall consult with national organizations representing State commis-sioners or governors when making a selec-tion under this subparagraph.’’ 
SEC. 6009. INSPECTION REPORT INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of a pipeline safety in-spection, the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administra-tion, or the State authority certified under section 60105 of title 49, United States Code, shall— (1) conduct a post-inspection briefing with the operator outlining concerns, and to the extent practicable, provide written prelimi-nary findings of the inspection; or (2) issue to the operator a final report, no-tice of amendment of plans or procedures, safety order, or corrective action order, or such other applicable report, notice, or order. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall submit an annual report to Congress regard-ing— (A) the actions that the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration has taken to ensure that inspections by State authorities provide effective and timely oversight; and (B) statistics relating to the timeliness of the actions described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a). (2) C
ESSATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—Para- graph (1) shall cease to be effective on Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
SEC. 6010. PIPELINE ODORIZATION STUDY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that assesses— (1) the feasibility of odorizing all combus-tible gas in transportation; (2) the impacts of the odorization of all combustible gas in transportation on manu-facturers, agriculture, and other end users; and (3) the relative benefits and costs associ-ated with odorizing all combustible gas in transportation, including impacts on health and safety, compared to using other methods to mitigate pipeline leaks. 
SEC. 6011. IMPROVING DAMAGE PREVENTION TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation, in consultation with stakeholders, shall conduct a study on improving existing damage prevention programs through tech-nological improvements in location, map-ping, excavation, and communications prac-tices to prevent accidental excavation dam-age to a pipe or its coating, including consid-erations of technical, operational, and eco-nomic feasibility and existing damage pre-vention programs. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an identification of any methods that could improve existing damage prevention programs through location and mapping practices or technologies in an effort to re-duce unintended releases caused by exca-vation; (2) an analysis of how increased use of GPS digital mapping technologies, predictive ana-lytic tools, public awareness initiatives in-cluding one-call initiatives, the use of mo-bile devices, and other advanced tech-nologies could supplement existing one-call notification and damage prevention pro-grams to reduce the frequency and severity of incidents caused by excavation damage; (3) an identification of any methods that could improve excavation practices or tech-nologies in an effort to reduce pipeline dam-ages; (4) an analysis of the feasibility of a na-tional data repository for pipeline exca-vation accident data that creates standard-ized data models for storing and sharing pipeline accident information; and (5) an identification of opportunities for stakeholder engagement in preventing exca-vation damage. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives regarding the study under this section, including recommendations, that include the consideration of technical, operational, and economic feasibility, on how to incorporate, into existing damage prevention programs, technological improvements and practices that may help prevent accidental excavation damage. 
SEC. 6012. WORKFORCE OF PIPELINE AND HAZ-ARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY ADMIN-ISTRATION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration shall sub-mit to Congress a review of Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration staff resource management, including geo-graphic allocation plans, hiring challenges, and expected retirement rates and strate-gies. The review shall include recommenda-tions to address hiring challenges, training needs, and any other identified staff resource challenges. (b) C
RITICAL HIRING NEEDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date on which the review is submitted under sub-section (a), the Administrator may certify to Congress, not less frequently than annually, that a severe shortage of qualified can-didates or a critical hiring need exists for a position or group of positions in the Pipeline and Hazardous Material Safety Administra-tion. (2) D
IRECT HIRE AUTHORITY .—Notwith- standing sections 3309 through 3318 of title 5, United States Code, the Administrator, after making a certification under paragraph (1), may hire a candidate for the position or can-didates for the group of positions indicated in the certification, as applicable. (3) T
ERMINATIONS OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The direct hire authority provided under para-graph (2) shall terminate on September 30, 2019. 
SEC. 6013. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In developing a research and development program plan under para-graph (3) of section 12(d) of the Pipeline Safe-ty Improvement Act of 2002 (49 U.S.C. 60101 note), the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Material Safety Administration, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology, shall— (1) detail compliance with the consultation requirement under paragraph (2) of such sec-tion; (2) provide opportunities for joint research ventures with non-Federal entities, when-ever practicable and appropriate, to leverage limited Federal research resources; and (3) permit collaborative research and de-velopment projects with appropriate non- Federal organizations. (b) COLLABORATIVE SAFETY RESEARCH RE-
PORT .—Section 60124(a)(6) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) research activities in collaboration with non-Federal entities, including the in-tended improvements to safety technology, inspection technology, operator response time, and emergency responder incident re-sponse time.’’. 
SEC. 6014. INFORMATION SHARING SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall con-vene a working group to consider the devel-opment of a voluntary no-fault information sharing system to encourage collaborative efforts to improve inspection information feedback and information sharing with the purpose of improving natural gas trans-mission and hazardous liquid pipeline integ-rity risk analysis. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The working group de-scribed in subsection (a) shall include rep-resentatives from— (1) the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration; (2) industry stakeholders, including opera-tors of pipeline facilities, inspection tech-nology vendors, and pipeline inspection orga-nizations; (3) safety advocacy groups; (4) research institutions; (5) State public utility commissions or State officials responsible for pipeline safety oversight; (6) State pipeline safety inspectors; and (7) labor representatives. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The working group described in subsection (a) shall consider and provide recommendations, if applicable, to the Secretary on— (1) the need for and the identification of a system to ensure that dig verification data is shared with inline inspection operators to the extent consistent with the need to main-tain proprietary and security sensitive data in a confidential manner to improve pipeline safety and inspection technology; (2) ways to encourage the exchange of pipe-line inspection information and the develop-ment of advanced pipeline inspection tech-nologies and enhanced risk analysis; (3) opportunities to share data, including dig verification data between operators of pipeline facilities and in-line inspector ven-dors to expand knowledge of the advantages and disadvantages of the different types of in-line inspection technology and meth-odologies; (4) options to create a secure system that protects proprietary data while encouraging the exchange of pipeline inspection informa-tion and the development of advanced pipe-line inspection technologies and enhanced risk analysis; and (5) regulatory, funding, and legal barriers to sharing the information described in para-graphs (1) through (4). (d) FACA.—The working group shall not be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (e) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall pub-lish the recommendations provided under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.025 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES434 February 1, 2016 
subsection (c) on a publicly available website. 
SEC. 6015. NATIONWIDE INTEGRATED PIPELINE SAFETY REGULATORY DATABASE. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a report to Congress on the feasibility of a national integrated pipeline safety regu-latory inspection database to improve com-munication and collaboration between the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration and State pipeline regulators. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a description of any efforts currently underway to test a secure information-shar-ing system for the purpose described in sub-section (a); (2) a description of any progress in estab-lishing common standards for maintaining, collecting, and presenting pipeline safety regulatory inspection data, and a method-ology for the sharing of the data; (3) a description of any existing inadequa-cies or gaps in State and Federal inspection, enforcement, geospatial, or other pipeline safety regulatory inspection data; (4) a description of the potential safety benefits of a national integrated pipeline database; and (5) recommendations for how to implement a secure information-sharing system that protects proprietary and security sensitive information and data for the purpose de-scribed in subsection (a). (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with stakeholders, including each State authority operating under a certifi-cation to regulate intrastate pipelines under section 60105 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 6016. UNDERGROUND NATURAL GAS STOR-AGE FACILITIES. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—Section 60101(a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (21)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (24), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (25), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(27) ‘underground natural gas storage fa-cility’ means a gas pipeline facility that stores gas in an underground facility, includ-ing— ‘‘(A) a depleted hydrocarbon reservoir; ‘‘(B) an aquifer reservoir; or ‘‘(C) a solution mined salt cavern res-ervoir.’’. (b) S
TANDARDS FOR UNDERGROUND NATURAL  G
ASSTORAGE FACILITIES .—Chapter 601 is amended by inserting after section 60103 the following: ‘‘§ 60103A. Standards for underground nat-ural gas storage facilities ‘‘(a) M
INIMUM UNIFORM SAFETY STAND -
ARDS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of the SAFE PIPES Act, the Secretary of Transportation, in consulta-tion with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall issue minimum uniform safe-ty standards, incorporating, to the extent practicable, consensus standards for the op-eration, environmental protection, and in-tegrity management of underground natural gas storage facilities. ‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing uni-form safety standards under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) consider the economic impacts of the regulations on individual gas customers to the extent practicable; ‘‘(2) ensure that the regulations do not have a significant economic impact on end users to the extent practicable; and ‘‘(3) consider existing consensus standards. ‘‘(c) USERFEES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A fee shall be imposed on an entity operating an underground natural gas storage facility to which this section ap-plies. Any such fee imposed shall be col-lected before the end of the fiscal year to which it applies. ‘‘(2) M
EANS OF COLLECTION .—The Secretary shall prescribe procedures to collect fees under this subsection. The Secretary may use a department, agency, or instrumen-tality of the United States Government or of a State or local government to collect the fee and may reimburse the department, agency, or instrumentality a reasonable amount for its services. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF FEES .— ‘‘(A) A
CCOUNT .—There is established an un-derground natural gas storage facility safety account in the Pipeline Safety Fund estab-lished under section 60301, in the Treasury of the United States. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF FEES .—A fee collected under this subsection— ‘‘(i) shall be deposited in the underground natural gas storage facility safety account; and ‘‘(ii) if the fee is related to an underground natural gas storage facility, may be used only for an activity related to underground natural gas storage safety under this sec-tion. ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—Amounts collected under this subsection shall be made available only to the extent provided in advance in an ap-propriation law for an activity related to un-derground natural gas storage safety. ‘‘(d) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section may be construed to affect any Federal regu-lation relating to gas pipeline facilities that is in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of the SAFE PIPES Act. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize the Sec-retary— ‘‘(A) to prescribe the location of an under-ground natural gas storage facility; or ‘‘(B) to require the Secretary’s permission to construct a facility referred to in subpara-graph (A).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 601 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 60103 the following: ‘‘60103A. Standards for underground natural gas storage facilities.’’. 
SEC. 6017. JOINT INSPECTION AND OVERSIGHT. 
To ensure the safety of pipeline transpor-tation, the Secretary of Transportation shall coordinate with States to ensure safety through the following: (1) At the request of a State authority, the Secretary shall allow for a certified state au-thority under section 60105 of title 49, United States Code, to participate in the inspection of an interstate pipeline facility. (2) Where appropriate, may provide tem-porary authority for a certified State au-thority under that section to participate in oversight of interstate pipeline safety trans-portation to ensure proper safety oversight and prevent an adverse impact on public safety. 
SEC. 6018. RESPONSE PLANS. 
In preparing or reviewing a response plan under part 194 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, the Administrator of the Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration and an operator shall each address, to the maximum extent practicable, the im-pact of a worse case discharge of oil, or the substantial threat of such a discharge, into or on any navigable waters or adjoining shorelines that may be covered in whole or in part by ice. SEC. 6019. HIGH CONSEQUENCE AREAS. 
The Secretary of Transportation shall re-vise section 195.6(b) of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations to explicitly state that the Great Lakes are a USA ecological resource (as defined in section 195.6(b) of that title) for purposes of determining whether a pipe-line is in a high consequence area (as defined in section 195.450 of that title). 
SEC. 6020. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY REVIEW. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit a re-port to Congress on the staffing, resource al-location, oversight strategy, and manage-ment of the Transportation Security Admin-istration’s pipeline security program and other surface transportation programs. The report shall include information on the co-ordination between the Transportation Secu-rity Administration, other Federal stake-holders, and industry. 
SEC. 6021. SMALL SCALE LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS FACILITIES. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—Section 60101(a), as amended by section 6016, is further amended by inserting after paragraph (25) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(26) ‘small scale liquefied natural gas fa-cility’ means a permanent intrastate lique-fied natural gas facility (other than a peak shaving facility) that produces liquefied nat-ural gas for— ‘‘(A) use as a fuel in the United States; or ‘‘(B) transportation in the United States by a means other than a pipeline facility; and’’. (b) S
ITING STANDARDS FOR PERMANENT  S
MALL SCALE LIQUEFIED NATURAL GASFA-
CILITIES .—Section 60103(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) L
OCATION STANDARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation shall prescribe minimum safety standards for deciding on the permanent lo-cation of a new liquefied natural gas pipeline facility or small scale liquefied natural gas facility. ‘‘(2) L
IQUEFIED NATURAL GAS FACILITIES .—In prescribing a minimum safety standard for deciding on the permanent location of a new liquefied natural gas facility, the Secretary of Transportation shall consider— ‘‘(A) the kind and use of the facility; ‘‘(B) the existing and projected population and demographic characteristics of the loca-tion; ‘‘(C) the existing and proposed land uses near the location; ‘‘(D) the natural physical aspects of the lo-cation; ‘‘(E) medical, law enforcement, and fire prevention capabilities near the location that can cope with a risk caused by the facil-ity; and ‘‘(F) the need to encourage remote siting. ‘‘(3) S
MALL SCALE LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS  
FACILITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of the SAFE PIPES Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall prescribe minimum safety standards for permanent small scale liquefied natural gas facilities. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In prescribing min-imum safety standards under this paragraph, the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(i) the value of establishing risk-based ap-proaches; ‘‘(ii) the benefit of incorporating industry standards and best practices; ‘‘(iii) the need to encourage the use of best available technology; and ‘‘(iv) the factors prescribed in paragraph (2), as appropriate.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.025 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S435 February 1, 2016 
SEC. 6022. REPORT ON NATURAL GAS LEAK RE-PORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration shall submit to Congress a report on the metrics provided to the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration and other Federal and State agencies related to lost and unaccounted for natural gas from distribution pipelines and systems. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An examination of different reporting requirements or standards for lost and unac-counted for natural gas to different agencies, the reasons for any such discrepancies, and recommendations for harmonizing and im-proving the accuracy of reporting. (2) An analysis of whether separate or al-ternative reporting could better measure the amounts and identify the location of lost and unaccounted for natural gas from natural gas distribution systems. (3) A description of potential safety issues associated with natural gas that is lost and unaccounted for from natural gas distribu-tion systems. (4) An assessment of whether alternate re-porting and measures will resolve any safety issues identified under paragraph (3), includ-ing an analysis of the potential impact, in-cluding potential savings, on rate payers and end users of natural gas products of such re-porting and measures. (c) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— If the Administrator determines that alter-nate reporting structures or recommenda-tions included in the report required under subsection (a) would significantly improve the reporting and measurement of lost and unaccounted for gas or safety of systems, the Administrator shall, not later than 180 days after making such determination, issue regu-lations, as the Administrator determines ap-propriate, to implement the recommenda-tions. 
SEC. 6023. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW OF STATE POLICIES RELATING TO NAT-URAL GAS LEAKS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a State-by- State review of State-level policies that— (1) encourage the repair and replacement of leaking natural gas distribution pipelines or systems that pose a safety threat, such as timelines to repair leaks and limits on cost recovery from ratepayers; and (2) that may create barriers for entities to conduct work to repair and replace leaking natural gas pipelines or distribution sys-tems. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress and the Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration a report summa-rizing the findings of the review conducted under subsection (a) and making rec-ommendations on Federal or State policies or best practices that may improve safety by accelerating the repair and replacement of natural gas pipelines or systems that are leaking or releasing natural gas, including policies within the jurisdiction of the Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration. The report shall consider the po-tential impact, including potential savings, of the implementation of its recommenda-tions on ratepayers or end users of the nat-ural gas pipeline system. (c) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— If the Comptroller General makes rec-ommendations in the report submitted under subsection (a) on Federal or State policies or best practices within the jurisdiction of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, the Administrator shall, not later than 90 days after such submission, re-view such recommendations and report to Congress on the feasibility of implementing such recommendations. If the Administrator determines that the recommendations would significantly improve pipeline safety, the Administrator shall, not later than 180 days after making such determination and in co-ordination with the heads of other relevant agencies as appropriate, issue regulations, as the Administrator determines appropriate, to implement the recommendations. SEC. 6024. PROVISION OF RESPONSE PLANS TO APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS. 
(a) P ROVISION OF RESPONSE PLANS TO AP-
PROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .—Not- withstanding subsection (a)(2) of section 60138 of title 49, United States Code, upon the request of the Chairperson or Ranking Mem-ber of an appropriate committee of Congress, the Administrator of the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration, shall provide the Chairperson or Ranking Member, as applicable, an unredacted copy of a response plan under that section. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the provision of any other report, data, or other information to Congress, or its han-dling thereof. 
SEC. 6025. CONSULTATION WITH FERC AS PART OF PRE-FILING PROCEDURES AND PERMITTING PROCESS FOR NEW NATURAL GAS PIPELINE INFRA-STRUCTURE. 
Where appropriate, the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration shall consult with the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission during its pre-filing procedures and permitting process for new natural gas pipeline infra-structure to ensure the protection of people and the environment from the potential risks of hazardous materials transportation by pipeline. 
SEC. 6026. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT. 
Section 60107(b) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) P
AYMENTS .—After notifying and con-sulting with a State authority, the Sec-retary may withhold any part of a payment when the Secretary decides that the author-ity is not carrying out satisfactorily a safety program or not acting satisfactorily as an agent. The Secretary may pay an authority under this section only when the authority ensures the Secretary that it will provide the remaining costs of a safety program, ex-cept when the Secretary waives this require-ment.’’. 
SA 3164. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. DELISTING OF MEXICAN GRAY WOLVES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. (2) M
EXICAN GRAY WOLF .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Mexican gray wolf’’ means the subspecies Mexican gray wolf (Canis lupus baileyi) of the species gray wolf (Canis lupus). (B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘‘Mexican gray wolf’’ includes any subspecies, distinct popu-lation segment, or experimental population of the species gray wolf (Canis lupus) that the Director determines after the date of en-actment of this Act will take the place of, or correspond with, the subspecies designated as Mexican gray wolf (Canis lupus baileyi) on that date of enactment. (b) REQUIREMENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regula-tions), effective beginning on the date on which the Director makes a positive deter-mination under subsection (c)— (1) the Mexican gray wolf shall no longer be included on any list of endangered species, threatened species, or experimental popu-lations under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and (2) management of the Mexican gray wolf shall be assumed by each State in which the Mexican gray wolf is present, effective begin-ning on the date of the determination. (c) D
ETERMINATION BY DIRECTOR .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall determine whether a popu-lation of not fewer than 100 Mexican gray wolves in a 5,000-square-mile area within the historic range of the Mexican gray wolf has been established, as described in the Mexican Wolf Recovery Plan of 1982 prepared by the Mexican Wolf Recovery Team (U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. 1982. Mexican Wolf Recov-ery Plan. U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Al-buquerque, New Mexico. 103 pp.) (2) S
TANDARDS AND PROCEDURES .—A deter- mination under paragraph (1) shall be made in accordance with applicable standards and procedures used by the Director in deter-mining the status of a species under the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
SA 3165. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 30ll. PUMPED STORAGE HYDROPOWER COMPENSATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission shall initiate a pro-ceeding to identify and determine the mar-ket, procurement, and cost recovery mecha-nisms that would— (1) encourage development of pumped stor-age hydropower assets; and (2) properly compensate those assets for the full range of services provided to the power grid, including— (A) balancing electricity supply and de-mand; (B) ensuring grid reliability; and (C) cost-effectively integrating intermit-tent power sources into the grid. 
SA 3166. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44ll. FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION PERMITTING AND RE-VIEW. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds that— (1) the Federal Government plays a central role in the review and approval of projects to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.025 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES436 February 1, 2016 
maintain and build the energy infrastructure of the United States, including— (A) interstate gas pipelines; (B) projects that cross Federal land; and (C) projects that impact wildlife, cultural or historic resources, or waters of the United States; (2) the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission— (A) has jurisdiction under section 7 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717f) to regulate interstate natural gas pipelines, including siting of the interstate natural gas pipelines; and (B) is required under section 15 of the Nat-ural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717n), as a lead agen-cy, to coordinate with other Federal agen-cies in the environmental review and proc-essing of each Federal authorization relating to natural gas infrastructure; (3) a report of the Government Account-ability Office entitled ‘‘Pipeline Permitting: Interstate and Intrastate Natural Gas Per-mitting Processes Include Multiple Steps, and Time Frames Vary’’, and dated February 2013, reported that— (A) public interest groups and State offi-cials that were interviewed believed that members of the public need more oppor-tunity to comment on a proposed pipeline project during the permitting process con-ducted by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; and (B) officials from Federal and State agen-cies and representatives from industry and public interest groups reported several man-agement practices that— (i) could help overcome challenges; (ii) are associated with an efficient permit-ting process and obtaining public input; and (iii) include— (I) ensuring effective collaboration among the numerous stakeholders involved in the permitting process; and (II) increasing opportunities for public comment; and (4) robust engagement by the public and stakeholders is essential for the credibility of the siting, permitting, and review of Fed-eral processes by the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that, in accordance with Exec-utive Order 13604 (5 U.S.C. 601 note; relating to improving performance of Federal permit-ting and review of infrastructure projects), the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission should prioritize meaningful public engage-ment and coordination with State and local governments to ensure that the Federal per-mitting and review processes of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission— (1) remain transparent and consistent; and (2) ensure the health, safety, and security of the environment and each community af-fected by the Federal permitting and review processes. 
SA 3167. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 239, strike lines 3 through 7 and in-sert the following: contain a mix of water and working fluid; ‘‘(B) an open loop system, which circulates ground or surface water directly into the building and returns the water to the same aquifer or surface water source; or ‘‘(C) a heat exchanger to transfer heat be-tween a potable municipal water supply and a closed interior loop employing heat pumps, in which the potable water could be returned to the municipal water system after passing through the heat exchanger. SA 3168. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. M
CCONNELL , and Mr. D ONNELLY ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. APPLICATION OF ENERGY CON-SERVATION STANDARDS TO CER-TAIN EXTERNAL POWER SUPPLIES. 
(a) D EFINITION OF EXTERNAL POWER SUP-
PLY.—Section 321(36)(A) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6291(36)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking the subparagraph designa-tion and all that follows through ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) E
XTERNAL POWER SUPPLY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘external power supply’ does not include a power supply cir-cuit, driver, or device that is designed exclu-sively to be connected to, and power— ‘‘(I) light-emitting diodes providing illu-mination; ‘‘(II) organic light-emitting diodes pro-viding illumination; or ‘‘(III) ceiling fans using direct current mo-tors.’’. (b) S
TANDARDS FOR LIGHTING POWER SUP-
PLYCIRCUITS .— (1) D
EFINITION .—Section 340(2)(B) of the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6311(2)(B)) is amended by striking clause (v) and inserting the following: ‘‘(v) electric lights and lighting power sup-ply circuits;’’. (2) E
NERGY CONSERVATION STANDARD FOR  
CERTAIN EQUIPMENT .—Section 342 of the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6313) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) L
IGHTING POWER SUPPLY CIRCUITS .—If the Secretary, acting pursuant to section 341(b), includes as a covered equipment solid state lighting power supply circuits, drivers, or devices described in section 321(36)(A)(ii), the Secretary may prescribe under this part, not earlier than 1 year after the date on which a test procedure has been prescribed, an energy conservation standard for such equipment.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .— (1) Section 321(6)(B) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6291(6)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘(19)’’ and inserting ‘‘(20)’’. (2) Section 324 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6294) is amended by striking ‘‘(19)’’ each place it appears in each of subsections (a)(3), (b)(1)(B), (b)(3), and (b)(5) and inserting ‘‘(20)’’. (3) Section 325(l) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(l)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘paragraph (19)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘paragraph (20)’’. 
SA 3169. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 171, between lines 15 and 16, insert the following: SEC. 22ll. EXPORT AUTHORIZATION EXCEPTION FOR SMALL-SCALE NATURAL GAS PROJECTS. 
The export of low-level volumes of natural gas, measured at not more than 0.25 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas on an annualized basis per project, shall not re-quire an authorization order of the Secretary under section 3(a) of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b(a)). 
SA 3170. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: TITLE VI—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT 
SEC. 601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act’’. 
SEC. 602. FINDINGS; PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Since the enactment of the Act to Pre-vent Pollution from Ships (22 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) in 1980, the United States Coast Guard has been the principal Federal authority charged with administering, enforcing, and prescribing regulations relating to the dis-charge of pollutants from vessels engaged in maritime commerce and transportation. (2) The Coast Guard estimates there are approximately 21,560,000 State-registered recreational vessels, 75,000 commercial fish-ing vessels, and 33,000 freight and tank barges operating in United States waters. (3) From 1973 to 2005, certain discharges in-cidental to the normal operation of a vessel were exempted by regulation from otherwise applicable permitting requirements. (4) During the 32 years during which this regulatory exemption was in effect, Congress enacted several statutes to deal with the reg-ulation of discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel, including— (A) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) in 1980; (B) the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.); (C) the National Invasive Species Act of 1996 (110 Stat. 4073); (D) section 415 of the Coast Guard Author-ization Act of 1998 (112 Stat. 3434) and section 623 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Act of 2004 (33 U.S.C. 1901 note), which established interim and permanent re-quirements, respectively, for the regulation of vessel discharges of certain bulk cargo residue; (E) title XIV of division B of Appendix D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (114 Stat. 2763), which prohibited or limited certain vessel discharges in certain areas of Alaska; (F) section 204 of the Maritime Transpor-tation Security Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 1902a), which established requirements for the regu-lation of vessel discharges of agricultural cargo residue material in the form of hold washings; and (G) title X of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), which provided for the implementation of the International Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships, 2001. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this title is to provide for the establishment of nation-ally uniform and environmentally sound 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.026 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S437 February 1, 2016 
standards and requirements for the manage-ment of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. 
SEC. 603. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. (2) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘aquatic nuisance species’’ means a non-indigenous species (including a pathogen) that threatens the diversity or abundance of native species or the ecological stability of navigable waters or commercial, agricul-tural, aquacultural, or recreational activi-ties dependent on such waters. (3) B
ALLAST WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ means any water and water-suspended mat-ter taken aboard a vessel— (i) to control or maintain trim, list, draught, stability, or stresses of the vessel; or (ii) during the cleaning, maintenance, or other operation of a ballast water treatment technology of the vessel. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ does not include any substance that is added to water described in subparagraph (A) that is not directly related to the operation of a properly functioning ballast water treatment technology under this title. (4) B
ALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STANDARD .— The term ‘‘ballast water discharge standard’’ means the numerical ballast water discharge standard set forth in section 151.2030 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations or section 151.1511 of title 33, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as applicable, or a revised numerical ballast water discharge standard established under subsection (a)(1)(B), (b), or (c) of sec-tion 605. (5) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ; 
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .—The terms ‘‘ballast water management system’’ and ‘‘manage-ment system’’ mean any system, including all ballast water treatment equipment and associated control and monitoring equip-ment, used to process ballast water to kill, remove, render harmless, or avoid the up-take or discharge of organisms. (6) B
IOCIDE .—The term ‘‘biocide’’ means a substance or organism, including a virus or fungus, that is introduced into or produced by a ballast water management system to re-duce or eliminate aquatic nuisance species as part of the process used to comply with a ballast water discharge standard under this title. (7) D
ISCHARGE INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL  
OPERATION OF A VESSEL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel’’ means— (i) a discharge into navigable waters from a vessel of— (I)(aa) ballast water, graywater, bilge water, cooling water, oil water separator ef-fluent, anti-fouling hull coating leachate, boiler or economizer blowdown, byproducts from cathodic protection, controllable pitch propeller and thruster hydraulic fluid, dis-tillation and reverse osmosis brine, elevator pit effluent, firemain system effluent, fresh-water layup effluent, gas turbine wash water, motor gasoline and compensating ef-fluent, refrigeration and air condensate ef-fluent, seawater pumping biofouling preven-tion substances, boat engine wet exhaust, sonar dome effluent, exhaust gas scrubber washwater, or stern tube packing gland ef-fluent; or (bb) any other pollutant associated with the operation of a marine propulsion system, shipboard maneuvering system, habitability system, or installed major equipment, or from a protective, preservative, or absorp-tive application to the hull of a vessel; (II) weather deck runoff, deck wash, aque-ous film forming foam effluent, chain locker effluent, non-oily machinery wastewater, un-derwater ship husbandry effluent, welldeck effluent, or fish hold and fish hold cleaning effluent; or (III) any effluent from a properly func-tioning marine engine; or (ii) a discharge of a pollutant into navi-gable waters in connection with the testing, maintenance, or repair of a system, equip-ment, or engine described in subclause (I)(bb) or (III) of clause (i) whenever the vessel is waterborne. (B) EXCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘discharge in-cidental to the normal operation of a vessel’’ does not include— (i) a discharge into navigable waters from a vessel of— (I) rubbish, trash, garbage, incinerator ash, or other such material discharged overboard; (II) oil or a hazardous substance as those terms are defined in section 311 of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321); (III) sewage as defined in section 312(a)(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6)); or (IV) graywater referred to in section 312(a)(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6)); (ii) an emission of an air pollutant result-ing from the operation onboard a vessel of a vessel propulsion system, motor driven equipment, or incinerator; or (iii) a discharge into navigable waters from a vessel when the vessel is operating in a ca-pacity other than as a means of transpor-tation on water. (8) G
EOGRAPHICALLY LIMITED AREA .—The term ‘‘geographically limited area’’ means an area— (A) with a physical limitation, including limitation by physical size and limitation by authorized route such as the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River, that prevents a ves-sel from operating outside the area, as deter-mined by the Secretary; or (B) that is ecologically homogeneous, as determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the heads of other Federal departments or agencies as the Secretary considers appro-priate. (9) M
ANUFACTURER .—The term ‘‘manufac-turer’’ means a person engaged in the manu-facture, assemblage, or importation of bal-last water treatment technology. (10) N
AVIGABLE WATERS .—The term ‘‘navi-gable waters’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2.36 of title 33, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (11) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (12) V
ESSEL .—The term ‘‘vessel’’ means every description of watercraft or other arti-ficial contrivance used, or practically or oth-erwise capable of being used, as a means of transportation on water. 
SEC. 604. REGULATION AND ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall establish, implement, and enforce uniform national standards and requirements for the regulation of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. (2) B
ASIS.—Except as provided under para-graph (3), the standards and requirements es-tablished under paragraph (1)— (A) with respect to ballast water, shall be based upon the best available technology that is economically achievable; (B) with respect to discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than ballast water, shall be based on best manage-ment practices; and (C) shall supersede any permitting require-ment or prohibition on discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel under any other provision of law. (3) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The standards and requirements established under para-graph (1) shall not supersede regulations, in place on the date of the enactment of this Act or established by a rulemaking pro-ceeding after such date of enactment, which cover a discharge in a national marine sanc-tuary or in a marine national monument. (b) A
DMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT .— The Secretary shall administer and enforce the uniform national standards and require-ments under this title. Each State may en-force the uniform national standards and re-quirements under this title. (c) S
ANCTIONS .— (1) C
IVIL PENALTIES .— (A) B
ALLAST WATER .—Any person who vio-lates a regulation issued pursuant to this title regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel of ballast water shall be liable for a civil penalty in an amount not to exceed $25,000. Each day of a continuing violation constitutes a separate violation. (B) O
THER DISCHARGE .—Any person who violates a regulation issued pursuant to this title regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than bal-last water shall be liable for a civil penalty in an amount not to exceed $10,000. Each day of a continuing violation constitutes a sepa-rate violation. (C) I
N REM LIABILITY .—A vessel operated in violation of a regulation issued under this title shall be liable in rem for any civil pen-alty assessed under this subsection for that violation. (2) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES .— (A) B
ALLAST WATER .—Any person who knowingly violates a regulation issued pur-suant to this title regarding a discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel of ballast water shall be punished by a fine of not more than $100,000, imprisonment for not more than 2 years, or both. (B) O
THER DISCHARGE .—Any person who knowingly violates a regulation issued pur-suant to this title regarding a discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel other than ballast water shall be punished by a fine of not more than $50,000, imprisonment for not more than 1 year, or both. (3) R
EVOCATION OF CLEARANCE .—The Sec- retary shall withhold or revoke the clear-ance of a vessel required under section 60105 of title 46, United States Code, if the owner or operator of the vessel is in violation of a regulation issued pursuant to this Act. (4) E
XCEPTION TO SANCTIONS .—It shall be an affirmative defense to any charge of a viola-tion of this title that compliance with this title would, because of adverse weather, equipment failure, or any other relevant con-dition, have threatened the safety or sta-bility of a vessel, its crew, or its passengers. 
SEC. 605. UNIFORM NATIONAL STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR THE REGULA-TION OF DISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL OPERATION OF A VESSEL. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .— (1) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the requirements set forth in the final rule, Standards for Living Organisms in Ships’ Ballast Water Dis-charged in U.S. Waters (77 Fed. Reg. 17254 (March 23, 2012), as corrected at 77 Fed. Reg. 33969 (June 8, 2012)), shall be the manage-ment requirements for a ballast water dis-charge incidental to the normal operation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.030 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES438 February 1, 2016 
a vessel until the Secretary revises the bal-last water discharge standard under sub-section (b) or adopts a more stringent State standard under subparagraph (B). (B) A
DOPTION OF MORE STRINGENT STATE  
STANDARD .—If the Secretary makes a deter-mination in favor of a State petition under section 610, the Secretary shall adopt the more stringent ballast water discharge standard specified in the statute or regula-tion that is the subject of that State petition instead of the ballast water discharge stand-ard in the final rule described under subpara-graph (A). (2) I
NITIAL MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS FOR  
DISCHARGES OTHER THAN BALLAST WATER .— Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, shall issue a final rule establishing best management practices for discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than bal-last water. (b) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE  S
TANDARD ; 8-Y EARREVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the feasibility review under paragraph (2), not later than January 1, 2024, the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, shall issue a final rule revising the ballast water dis-charge standard under subsection (a)(1) so that a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel will con-tain— (A) less than 1 organism that is living or has not been rendered harmless per 10 cubic meters that is 50 or more micrometers in minimum dimension; (B) less than 1 organism that is living or has not been rendered harmless per 10 milli-liters that is less than 50 micrometers in minimum dimension and more than 10 mi-crometers in minimum dimension; (C) concentrations of indicator microbes that are less than— (i) 1 colony-forming unit of toxicogenic Vibrio cholera (serotypes O1 and O139) per 100 milliliters or less than 1 colony-forming unit of that microbe per gram of wet weight of zoological samples; (ii) 126 colony-forming units of Escherichia coli per 100 milliliters; and (iii) 33 colony-forming units of intestinal enterococci per 100 milliliters; and (D) concentrations of such additional indi-cator microbes and of viruses as may be specified in regulations issued by the Sec-retary in consultation with the Adminis-trator and such other Federal agencies as the Secretary and the Administrator con-sider appropriate. (2) F
EASIBILITY REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not less than 2 years be-fore January 1, 2024, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, shall com-plete a review to determine the feasibility of achieving the revised ballast water discharge standard under paragraph (1). (B) C
RITERIA FOR REVIEW OF BALLAST WATER  
DISCHARGE STANDARD .—In conducting a re-view under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consider whether revising the ballast water discharge standard will result in a sci-entifically demonstrable and substantial re-duction in the risk of introduction or estab-lishment of aquatic nuisance species, taking into account— (i) improvements in the scientific under-standing of biological and ecological proc-esses that lead to the introduction or estab-lishment of aquatic nuisance species; (ii) improvements in ballast water manage-ment systems, including— (I) the capability of such management sys-tems to achieve a revised ballast water dis-charge standard; (II) the effectiveness and reliability of such management systems in the shipboard envi-ronment; (III) the compatibility of such manage-ment systems with the design and operation of a vessel by class, type, and size; (IV) the commercial availability of such management systems; and (V) the safety of such management sys-tems; (iii) improvements in the capabilities to detect, quantify, and assess the viability of aquatic nuisance species at the concentra-tions under consideration; (iv) the impact of ballast water manage-ment systems on water quality; and (v) the costs, cost-effectiveness, and im-pacts of— (I) a revised ballast water discharge stand-ard, including the potential impacts on ship-ping, trade, and other uses of the aquatic en-vironment; and (II) maintaining the existing ballast water discharge standard, including the potential impacts on water-related infrastructure, recreation, propagation of native fish, shell-fish, and wildlife, and other uses of navigable waters. (C) LOWER REVISED DISCHARGE STANDARD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, deter-mines on the basis of the feasibility review and after an opportunity for a public hearing that no ballast water management system can be certified under section 606 to comply with the revised ballast water discharge standard under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall require the use of the management sys-tem that achieves the performance levels of the best available technology that is eco-nomically achievable. (ii) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—If the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, determines that the management sys-tem under clause (i) cannot be implemented before the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) with respect to a class of ves-sels, the Secretary shall extend the imple-mentation deadline for that class of vessels for not more than 36 months. (iii) C
OMPLIANCE .—If the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) is extended, the Secretary shall recommend action to ensure compliance with the extended implementa-tion deadline under clause (ii). (D) H
IGHER REVISED DISCHARGE STANDARD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, deter-mines that a ballast water management sys-tem exists that exceeds the revised ballast water discharge standard under paragraph (1) with respect to a class of vessels and is the best available technology that is economi-cally achievable, the Secretary shall revise the ballast water discharge standard for that class of vessels to incorporate the higher dis-charge standard. (ii) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—If the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, determines that the management sys-tem under clause (i) can be implemented be-fore the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) with respect to a class of ves-sels, the Secretary shall accelerate the im-plementation deadline for that class of ves-sels. If the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) is accelerated, the Secretary shall provide not less than 24 months notice before the accelerated deadline takes effect. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—The re- vised ballast water discharge standard under paragraph (1) shall apply to a vessel begin-ning on the date of the first drydocking of the vessel on or after January 1, 2024, but not later than December 31, 2026. (4) R
EVISED DISCHARGE STANDARD COMPLI -
ANCE DEADLINES .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may estab-lish a compliance deadline for compliance by a vessel (or a class, type, or size of vessel) with a revised ballast water discharge stand-ard under this subsection. (B) P
ROCESS FOR GRANTING EXTENSIONS .—In issuing regulations under this subsection, the Secretary shall establish a process for an owner or operator to submit a petition to the Secretary for an extension of a compliance deadline with respect to the vessel of the owner or operator. (C) P
ERIOD OF EXTENSIONS .—An extension issued under subparagraph (B) may— (i) apply for a period of not to exceed 18 months from the date of the applicable dead-line under subparagraph (A); and (ii) be renewable for an additional period of not to exceed 18 months. (D) F
ACTORS .—In issuing a compliance deadline or reviewing a petition under this paragraph, the Secretary shall consider, with respect to the ability of an owner or operator to meet a compliance deadline, the following factors: (i) Whether the management system to be installed is available in sufficient quantities to meet the compliance deadline. (ii) Whether there is sufficient shipyard or other installation facility capacity. (iii) Whether there is sufficient avail-ability of engineering and design resources. (iv) Vessel characteristics, such as engine room size, layout, or a lack of installed pip-ing. (v) Electric power generating capacity aboard the vessel. (vi) Safety of the vessel and crew. (vii) Any other factors the Secretary con-siders appropriate, including the availability of a ballast water reception facility or other means of managing ballast water. (E) C
ONSIDERATION OF PETITIONS .— (i) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall approve or deny a petition for an extension of a compliance deadline submitted by an owner or operator under this paragraph. (ii) D
EADLINE .—If the Secretary does not approve or deny a petition referred to in clause (i) on or before the last day of the 90- day period beginning on the date of submis-sion of the petition, the petition shall be deemed approved. (c) F
UTURE REVISIONS OF VESSEL INCI-
DENTAL DISCHARGE STANDARDS ; DECENNIAL  R
EVIEWS .— (1) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE  
STANDARDS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall complete a re-view, 10 years after the issuance of a final rule under subsection (b) and every 10 years thereafter, to determine whether further re-vision of the ballast water discharge stand-ard would result in a scientifically demon-strable and substantial reduction in the risk of the introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. (2) R
EVISED STANDARDS FOR DISCHARGES  
OTHER THAN BALLAST WATER .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, may include in a decennial review under this sub-section best management practices for dis-charges covered by subsection (a)(2). The Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking to re-vise 1 or more best management practices for such discharges after a decennial review if the Secretary, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator, determines that revising 1 or more of such practices would substantially reduce the impacts on navigable waters of discharges incidental to the normal oper-ation of a vessel other than ballast water. (3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting a re-view under paragraph (1), the Secretary, the Administrator, and the heads of other Fed-eral agencies as the Secretary considers ap-propriate, shall consider the criteria under section 605(b)(2)(B). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.030 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S439 February 1, 2016 
(4) R EVISION AFTER DECENNIAL REVIEW .— The Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking to revise the current ballast water discharge standard after a decennial review if the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, determines that revising the current ballast water discharge standard would re-sult in a scientifically demonstrable and sub-stantial reduction in the risk of the intro-duction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. (d) A
LTERNATIVE BALLAST WATER MANAGE -
MENT REQUIREMENTS .—Nothing in this title may be construed to preclude the Secretary from authorizing the use of alternate means or methods of managing ballast water (in-cluding flow-through exchange, empty/refill exchange, and transfer to treatment facili-ties in place of a vessel ballast water man-agement system required under this section) if the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, determines that such means or methods would not pose a greater risk of introduction of aquatic nuisance species in navigable waters than the use of a ballast water management system that achieves the applicable ballast water discharge standard. (e) G
REAT LAKES REQUIREMENTS .—In addi- tion to the other standards and requirements imposed by this section, in the case of a ves-sel that enters the Great Lakes through the St. Lawrence River after operating outside the exclusive economic zone of the United States the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall establish a require-ment that the vessel conduct saltwater flushing of all ballast water tanks onboard prior to entry. 
SEC. 606. TREATMENT TECHNOLOGY CERTIFI-CATION. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Beginning on the date that is 1 year after the date on which the requirements for testing protocols are issued under subsection (i), no manufac-turer of a ballast water management system shall sell, offer for sale, or introduce or de-liver for introduction into interstate com-merce, or import into the United States for sale or resale, a ballast water management system for a vessel unless it has been cer-tified under this section. (b) C
ERTIFICATION PROCESS .— (1) E
VALUATION .—Upon application of a manufacturer, the Secretary shall evaluate a ballast water management system with re-spect to— (A) the effectiveness of the management system in achieving the current ballast water discharge standard when installed on a vessel (or a class, type, or size of vessel); (B) the compatibility with vessel design and operations; (C) the effect of the management system on vessel safety; (D) the impact on the environment; (E) the cost effectiveness; and (F) any other criteria the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (2) A
PPROVAL .—If after an evaluation under paragraph (1) the Secretary determines that the management system meets the criteria, the Secretary may certify the management system for use on a vessel (or a class, type, or size of vessel). (3) S
USPENSION AND REVOCATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish, by regulation, a proc-ess to suspend or revoke a certification issued under this section. (c) C
ERTIFICATION CONDITIONS .— (1) I
MPOSITION OF CONDITIONS .—In certi- fying a ballast water management system under this section, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, may im-pose any condition on the subsequent instal-lation, use, or maintenance of the manage-ment system onboard a vessel as is necessary for— (A) the safety of the vessel, the crew of the vessel, and any passengers aboard the vessel; (B) the protection of the environment; or (C) the effective operation of the manage-ment system. (2) FAILURE TO COMPLY .—The failure of an owner or operator to comply with a condi-tion imposed under paragraph (1) shall be considered a violation of this section. (d) P
ERIOD FOR USE OF INSTALLED TREAT -
MENT EQUIPMENT .—Notwithstanding any-thing to the contrary in this title or any other provision of law, the Secretary shall allow a vessel on which a management sys-tem is installed and operated to meet a bal-last water discharge standard under this title to continue to use that system, not-withstanding any revision of a ballast water discharge standard occurring after the man-agement system is ordered or installed until the expiration of the service life of the man-agement system, as determined by the Sec-retary, if the management system— (1) is maintained in proper working condi-tion; and (2) is maintained and used in accordance with the manufacturer’s specifications and any management system certification condi-tions imposed by the Secretary under this section. (e) C
ERTIFICATES OF TYPE APPROVAL FOR  
THETREATMENT TECHNOLOGY .— (1) I
SSUANCE .—If the Secretary approves a ballast water management system for cer-tification under subsection (b), the Secretary shall issue a certificate of type approval for the management system to the manufac-turer in such form and manner as the Sec-retary determines appropriate. (2) C
ERTIFICATION CONDITIONS .—A certifi-cate of type approval issued under paragraph (1) shall specify each condition imposed by the Secretary under subsection (c). (3) O
WNERS AND OPERATORS .—A manufac-turer that receives a certificate of type ap-proval for the management system under this subsection shall provide a copy of the certificate to each owner and operator of a vessel on which the management system is installed. (f) I
NSPECTIONS .—An owner or operator who receives a copy of a certificate under sub-section (e)(3) shall retain a copy of the cer-tificate onboard the vessel and make the copy of the certificate available for inspec-tion at all times while the owner or operator is utilizing the management system. (g) B
IOCIDES .—The Secretary may not ap-prove a ballast water management system under subsection (b) if— (1) it uses a biocide or generates a biocide that is a pesticide, as defined in section 2 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136), unless the biocide is registered under that Act or the Secretary, in consultation with Adminis-trator, has approved the use of the biocide in such management system; or (2) it uses or generates a biocide the dis-charge of which causes or contributes to a violation of a water quality standard under section 303 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313). (h) P
ROHIBITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the use of a ballast water management system by an owner or operator of a vessel shall not satisfy the requirements of this title unless it has been approved by the Secretary under subsection (b). (2) E
XCEPTIONS .— (A) C
OAST GUARD SHIPBOARD TECHNOLOGY  
EVALUATION PROGRAM .—An owner or operator may use a ballast water management system that has not been certified by the Secretary to comply with the requirements of this sec-tion if the technology is being evaluated under the Coast Guard Shipboard Tech-nology Evaluation Program. (B) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS  
CERTIFIED BY FOREIGN ENTITIES .—An owner or operator may use a ballast water manage-ment system that has not been certified by the Secretary to comply with the require-ments of this section if the management sys-tem has been certified by a foreign entity and the certification demonstrates perform-ance and safety of the management system equivalent to the requirements of this sec-tion, as determined by the Secretary. (i) TESTING PROTOCOLS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary, shall issue requirements for land-based and shipboard testing protocols or criteria for— (1) certifying the performance of each bal-last water management system under this section; and (2) certifying laboratories to evaluate such treatment technologies. 
SEC. 607. EXEMPTIONS. 
(a) I NCIDENTAL DISCHARGES .—Except in a national marine sanctuary or a marine na-tional monument, no permit shall be re-quired or prohibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any standards regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel under this title apply to— (1) a discharge incidental to the normal op-eration of a vessel if the vessel is less than 79 feet in length and engaged in commercial service (as such terms are defined in section 2101(5) of title 46, United States Code); (2) a discharge incidental to the normal op-eration of a vessel if the vessel is a fishing vessel, including a fish processing vessel and a fish tender vessel, (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code); or (3) a discharge incidental to the normal op-eration of a vessel if the vessel is a rec-reational vessel (as defined in section 2101(25) of title 46, United States Code). (b) D
ISCHARGES INTONAVIGABLE WATERS .— No permit shall be required or prohibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any standards regarding a dis-charge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel under this title apply to— (1) any discharge into navigable waters from a vessel authorized by an on-scene coor-dinator in accordance with part 300 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, or part 153 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations; (2) any discharge into navigable waters from a vessel that is necessary to secure the safety of the vessel or human life, or to sup-press a fire onboard the vessel or at a shore-side facility; or (3) a vessel of the armed forces of a foreign nation when engaged in noncommercial serv-ice. (c) B
ALLAST WATER DISCHARGES .—No per- mit shall be required or prohibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any ballast water discharge standard under this title apply to— (1) a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel determined by the Secretary to— (A) operate exclusively within a geographi-cally limited area; (B) take up and discharge ballast water ex-clusively within 1 Captain of the Port Zone established by the Coast Guard unless the Secretary determines such discharge poses a substantial risk of introduction or establish-ment of an aquatic nuisance species; (C) operate pursuant to a geographic re-striction issued as a condition under section 3309 of title 46, United States Code, or an equivalent restriction issued by the country of registration of the vessel; or (D) continuously take on and discharge ballast water in a flow-through system that does not introduce aquatic nuisance species into navigable waters; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.030 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES440 February 1, 2016 
(2) a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel consisting entirely of water sourced from a United States public water system that meets the requirements under the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.) or from a foreign public water system determined by the Ad-ministrator to be suitable for human con-sumption; or (3) a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel in an alter-native compliance program established pur-suant to section 608. (d) V
ESSELS WITH PERMANENT BALLAST  W
ATER .—No permit shall be required or pro-hibition enforced regarding a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel under any other provision of law for, nor shall any ballast water discharge standard under this title apply to, a vessel that carries all of its permanent ballast water in sealed tanks that are not subject to discharge. (e) V
ESSELS OF THE ARMED FORCES .—Noth- ing in this title may be construed to apply to— (1) a vessel owned or operated by the De-partment of Defense (other than a time-char-tered or voyage-chartered vessel); or (2) a vessel of the Coast Guard, as des-ignated by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
SEC. 608. ALTERNATIVE COMPLIANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, may pro-mulgate regulations establishing 1 or more compliance programs as an alternative to ballast water management regulations issued under section 605 for a vessel that— (1) has a maximum ballast water capacity of less than 8 cubic meters; or (2) is less than 3 years from the end of the useful life of the vessel, as determined by the Secretary. (b) R
ULEMAKING .— (1) F
ACILITY STANDARDS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary, shall promulgate standards for— (A) the reception of ballast water from a vessel into a reception facility; and (B) the disposal or treatment of the ballast water under paragraph (1). (2) T
RANSFER STANDARDS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, is authorized to promulgate standards for the arrangements necessary on a vessel to trans-fer ballast water to a facility. 
SEC. 609. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An interested person may file a petition for review of a final regulation promulgated under this title in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. (b) D
EADLINE .—A petition shall be filed not later than 120 days after the date that notice of the promulgation appears in the Federal Register. (c) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), a petition that is based solely on grounds that arise after the deadline to file a petition under subsection (b) has passed may be filed not later than 120 days after the date that the grounds first arise. 
SEC. 610. EFFECT ON STATE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No State or political sub-division thereof may adopt or enforce any statute or regulation of the State or polit-ical subdivision with respect to a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a ves-sel after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), a State or political subdivi-sion thereof may adopt or enforce a statute or regulation of the State or political sub-division with respect to ballast water dis-charges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel that specifies a ballast water dis-charge standard that is more stringent than the ballast water discharge standard under section 605(a)(1)(A) if the Secretary, after consultation with the Administrator and any other Federal department or agency the Sec-retary considers appropriate, makes a deter-mination that— (1) compliance with any discharge standard specified in the statute or regulation can in fact be achieved and detected; (2) the technology and systems necessary to comply with the statute or regulation are commercially available; and (3) the statute or regulation is consistent with obligations under relevant inter-national treaties or agreements to which the United States is a party. (c) PETITION PROCESS .— (1) S
UBMISSION .—The Governor of a State seeking to adopt or enforce a statute or reg-ulation under subsection (b) shall submit a petition to the Secretary requesting the Sec-retary to review the statute or regulation. (2) C
ONTENTS ; TIMING .—A petition shall be accompanied by the scientific and technical information on which the petition is based, and may be submitted within 1 year of the date of enactment of this Act and every 10 years thereafter. (3) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall make a determination on a petition under this subsection not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary determines that a complete petition has been received. 
SEC. 611. APPLICATION WITH OTHER STATUTES. 
(a) E XCLUSIVE STATUTORY AUTHORITY .—Ex- cept as otherwise provided in this section and notwithstanding any other provision of law, this title shall be the exclusive statu-tory authority for regulation by the Federal Government of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel to which this title applies. (b) E
FFECT OF EXISTING REGULATIONS .—Ex- cept as provided under section 605(a)(1)(A), any regulation in effect on the date imme-diately preceding the effective date of this Act relating to any permitting requirement for or prohibition on discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel to which this title applies— (1) shall be deemed to be a regulation issued pursuant to the authority of this title; and (2) shall remain in full force and effect un-less or until superseded by new regulations issued under this title. (c) A
CT TO PREVENT POLLUTION FROM S
HIPS.—The Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) shall be the ex-clusive statutory authority for the regula-tion by the Federal Government of any dis-charge or emission that is covered under the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973, as modified by the Protocol of 1978, done at London Feb-ruary 17, 1978. Nothing in this title may be construed to alter or amend such Act or any regulation issued pursuant to the authority of such Act. (d) T
ITLE X OF THE COAST GUARD AND MARI-
TIME TRANSPORTATION ACT OF 2010.—Title X of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) shall be the exclusive statutory authority for the regulation by the Federal Government of any anti-fouling system that is covered under the International Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships, 2001. Nothing in this title may be con-strued to alter or amend such title X or any regulation issued pursuant to the authority under such title. 
SEC. 612. CONFORMING AMENDMENT. 
Section 1205 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 1425) is repealed. SEC. 613. SAVINGS PROVISION. 
Any action taken by the Federal Govern-ment under this Act shall be in full compli-ance with its obligations under applicable provisions of international law. 
SA 3171. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. INCORPORATING RETROSPECTIVE RE-VIEW INTO NEW MAJOR RULES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of the Office of Man-agement and Budget; (2) the terms ‘‘agency’’, ‘‘rule’’, and ‘‘rule making’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 551 of title 5, United States Code; (3) the term ‘‘covered major rule’’ means major a rule that is promulgated by an agen-cy in accordance with authority provided under this Act or any amendments made by this Act; and (4) the term ‘‘major rule’’ means any rule that the Administrator finds has resulted in or is likely to result in— (A) an annual effect on the economy of $100,000,000 or more; (B) a major increase in costs or prices for consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, or local government agencies, or geo-graphic regions; or (C) significant adverse effects on competi-tion, employment, investment, productivity, innovation, or on the ability of United States-based enterprises to compete with foreign-based enterprises in domestic and ex-port markets. (b) M
AJOR RULEFRAMEWORKS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, when an agency publishes in the Federal Register— (A) a proposed covered major rule, the agency shall include a clear statement of the regulatory objectives of the covered major rule and a general description of how the agency intends to measure the effectiveness of the covered major rule; or (B) a final covered major rule, the agency shall include a framework for assessing the covered major rule under paragraph (2), which shall include— (i) a clear statement of the regulatory ob-jectives of the covered major rule, including a summary of the societal benefit and cost of the covered major rule; (ii) the methodology by which the agency plans to analyze the covered major rule, in-cluding metrics by which the agency can measure— (I) the effectiveness and benefits of the covered major rule in producing the regu-latory objectives of the covered major rule; and (II) the impacts, including any costs, of the covered major rule on regulated and other impacted entities; (iii) a plan for gathering data regarding the metrics described in clause (ii) on an ongoing basis, or at periodic times, including a meth-od by which the agency will invite the public to participate in the review process and seek input from other agencies; and (iv) a specific time frame, as appropriate to the covered major rule and not more than 10 years after the effective date of the covered major rule, under which the agency shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.030 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S441 February 1, 2016 
conduct the assessment of the covered major rule in accordance with paragraph (2)(A). (2) A
SSESSMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each agency shall assess the data collected under paragraph (1)(B)(iii), using the methodology set forth in paragraph (1)(B)(ii) or any other appropriate methodology developed after the issuance of a final covered major rule to better deter-mine whether the regulatory objective was achieved, with respect to a covered major rule— (i) to analyze how the actual benefits and costs of the covered major rule may have varied from those anticipated at the time the covered major rule was issued; and (ii) to determine whether— (I) the covered major rule is accomplishing its regulatory objective; (II) the covered major rule has been ren-dered unnecessary, taking into consider-ation— (aa) changes in the subject area affected by the covered major rule; and (bb) whether the covered major rule over-laps, duplicates, or conflicts with other rules or, to the extent feasible, State and local government regulations; (III) the covered major rule needs to be strengthened in order to accomplish the reg-ulatory objective; and (IV) other alternatives to the covered major rule or modification of the covered major rule could better achieve the regu-latory objective while imposing a smaller burden on society or increase net benefits, taking into consideration any cost already incurred. (B) D
IFFERENT METHODOLOGY .—If an agency uses a methodology other than the method-ology set forth in paragraph (1)(B)(ii) to as-sess data under subparagraph (A), the agency shall include as part of the notice required under subparagraph (D) an explanation of the changes in circumstances that neces-sitated the use of that other methodology. (C) S
UBSEQUENT ASSESSMENTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), if, after an assessment of a cov-ered major rule under subparagraph (A), an agency determines that the covered major rule will remain in effect with or without modification, the agency shall— (I) determine a specific time, as appro-priate to the covered major rule and not more than 10 years after the publication of the results of the previous assessment, under which the agency shall conduct another as-sessment of the covered major rule in ac-cordance with subparagraph (A); and (II) if the assessment conducted under sub-clause (I) does not result in a repeal of the covered major rule, periodically assess the covered major rule in accordance with sub-paragraph (A) to ensure the covered major rule continues to meet the regulatory objec-tive. (ii) E
XEMPTION .—The Administrator may exempt an agency from conducting a subse-quent assessment of a covered major rule under clause (i) if the Administrator deter-mines that there is a foreseeable and appar-ent need for the covered major rule beyond the time frame required under clause (i)(I). (D) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which an agency completes an assessment of a covered major rule under subparagraph (A), the agency shall publish a notice of availability of the results of the as-sessment in the Federal Register, including the specific time for any subsequent assess-ment of the covered major rule under sub-paragraph (C)(i), if applicable. (3) OMB 
OVERSIGHT .—The Administrator shall— (A) issue guidance for agencies regarding the development of the framework under paragraph (1) and the conduct of the assess-ments under paragraph (2)(A); (B) oversee the timely compliance of agen-cies with this subsection; (C) ensure that the results of each assess-ment conducted under paragraph (2)(A) are— (i) published promptly on a centralized Federal website; and (ii) noticed in the Federal Register in ac-cordance with paragraph (2)(D); (D) encourage and assist agencies to streamline and coordinate the assessment of covered major rules with similar or related regulatory objectives; (E) exempt an agency from including the framework required under paragraph (1)(B) when publishing a final covered major rule, if the agency did not issue a notice of pro-posed rule making for the covered major rule in order to provide a timely response to an emergency or comply with a statutorily im-posed deadline, in accordance with paragraph (5)(B); and (F) extend the deadline specified by an agency for an assessment of a covered major rule under paragraph (1)(B)(iv) or paragraph (2)(C)(i)(I) for a period of not more than 90 days if the agency justifies why the agency is unable to complete the assessment by that deadline. (4) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to affect— (A) the authority of an agency to assess or modify a covered major rule of the agency earlier than the end of the time frame speci-fied for the covered major rule under para-graph (1)(B)(iv); or (B) any other provision of law that re-quires an agency to conduct retrospective re-views of rules issued by the agency. (5) A
PPLICABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—This subsection shall not apply to— (i) a covered major rule of an agency for which the agency is required to conduct a retrospective review under any other provi-sion of law that meets or exceeds the re-quirements of this subsection, as determined by the Administrator; (ii) interpretative rules, general state-ments of policy, or rules of agency organiza-tion, procedure, or practice; or (iii) routine and administrative rules. (B) D
IRECT AND INTERIM FINAL COVERED  
MAJOR RULE .—In the case of a covered major rule of an agency for which the agency is not required to issue a notice of proposed rule making in response to an emergency or a statutorily imposed deadline, the agency shall publish the framework required under paragraph (1)(B) in the Federal Register not later than 6 months after the date on which the agency publishes the final covered major rule. (6) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Judicial review of agency compliance with this subsection is limited to— (i) whether an agency published the frame-work for assessment of a covered major rule in accordance with paragraph (1); and (ii) whether an agency completed and pub-lished the required assessment of a covered major rule in accordance with subparagraphs (A) and (D) of paragraph (2). (B) R
EMEDY AVAILABLE .—In granting relief in an action brought under subparagraph (A), the court may only issue an order remanding the covered major rule to the agency to com-ply with paragraph (1) or subparagraph (A) or (D) of paragraph (2), as applicable. (C) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF COVERED MAJOR  
RULE .—If, in an action brought under sub-paragraph (A)(i), a court determines that the agency did not comply, the covered major rule shall take effect notwithstanding any order issued by the court. (D) ADMINISTRATOR .—Any determination, action, or inaction of the Administrator shall not be subject to judicial review. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. 
SA 3172. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44ll. INDIAN ENERGY OFFICE. 
Section 2602(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) I
NDIAN ENERGY REGULATORY OFFICE .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—To assist the Sec-retary in carrying out the Program, the Sec-retary shall establish within the office of the Deputy Secretary an Indian Energy Regu-latory Office (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘Office’), to be located in Denver, Colo-rado. ‘‘(B) E
XISTING RESOURCES .—The Office shall use the existing resources of the Division of Energy and Mineral Development of the Of-fice of Indian Energy and Economic Develop-ment. ‘‘(C) D
IRECTOR .—The Office shall be led by a Director who shall— ‘‘(i) be compensated at a rate equal to that of level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code; and ‘‘(ii) report directly to the Deputy Sec-retary. ‘‘(D) F
UNCTIONS .—The Office shall serve as a new Regional Office within the Bureau of Indian Affairs, which an energy-producing Indian tribe may select to replace the exist-ing Regional Office of the Indian tribe— ‘‘(i) notwithstanding any other law, to oversee, coordinate, process and approve all Federal leases, easements, rights-of-way, permits, policies, environmental reviews, and any other authorities related to energy development on Indian land; ‘‘(ii)(I) to support review and evaluation by Agency Offices of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs and Indian tribes of— ‘‘(aa) energy proposals, permits, mineral leases, and rights-of-way; and ‘‘(bb) Mineral Agreements entered into under section 3 of the Indian Mineral Devel-opment Act of 1982 (25 U.S.C. 2102) for final approval; and ‘‘(II) to conduct environmental reviews and surface monitoring for the activities de-scribed in items (aa) and (bb) of subclause (I); ‘‘(iii) to review and prepare Applications for Permits to Drill, communitization agree-ments, and well spacing proposals for ap-proval; ‘‘(iv) to provide production monitoring, in-spection, and enforcement; ‘‘(v) to oversee drainage issues; ‘‘(vi) to provide energy-related technical assistance and financial management train-ing to Agency Offices of the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Indian tribes; ‘‘(vii) to develop best practices in the area of Indian energy development, including standardizing energy development processes, procedures, and forms among Agency and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.027 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES442 February 1, 2016 
Regional Offices of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs; ‘‘(viii) to minimize delays and obstacles to Indian energy development; and ‘‘(ix) to provide technical assistance to In-dian tribes in the areas of energy-related en-gineering, environmental analysis, manage-ment, and oversight of energy development, assessment of energy development resources, proposals and financing, and development of conventional and renewable energy re-sources. ‘‘(E) R
ELATIONSHIP TO BUREAU OF INDIAN AF -
FAIRS REGIONAL AND AGENCY OFFICES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Office shall have the authority to review and approve all energy- related matters for Indian tribes that select to use the Office under subparagraph (D), without subsequent or duplicative review and approval by other Agency or Regional Offices of the Bureau of Indian Affairs or other agencies of the Department of the In-terior. ‘‘(ii) N
ON-ENERGY RELATED MATTERS .— Nothing in this paragraph affects the author-ity or duty of Regional Offices of the Bureau of Indian Affairs to oversee, support, and provide approvals for non-energy related matters. ‘‘(iii) R
EGIONAL AND LOCAL SERVICES .— Nothing in this paragraph affects the author-ity or duty of Agency Offices of the Bureau of Indian Affairs and State and Field Offices of the Bureau of Land Management to pro-vide regional and local services related to In-dian energy development, including local re-alty functions, on-site evaluations and in-spections, direct services as requested by In-dian tribes and individual Indians, and any other local functions related to energy devel-opment on Indian land. ‘‘(iv) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Office shall provide technical assistance and sup-port to the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Bureau of Land Management in all areas re-lated to energy development on Indian land. ‘‘(F) D
ESIGNATION OF INTERIOR STAFF .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall des-ignate and transfer to the Office existing staff and resources from— ‘‘(I) the Division of Energy and Mineral De-velopment of the Office of Indian Energy and Economic Development and other applicable offices of the Bureau of Indian Affairs; ‘‘(II) the Bureau of Land Management; ‘‘(III) the Office of Valuation Services; ‘‘(IV) the Office of Natural Resources Rev-enue; ‘‘(V) the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; ‘‘(VI) the Office of Special Trustee; ‘‘(VII) the Office of the Solicitor; ‘‘(VIII) the Office of Surface Mining, in-cluding mining engineering and minerals re-alty specialists; and ‘‘(IX) any other agency or office of the De-partment of the Interior involved in energy development on Indian land. ‘‘(ii) F
UNCTIONS .—Staff and resources transferred under clause (i) shall provide for— ‘‘(I) review, processing, and approval of permits and regulatory matters under— ‘‘(aa) the Act of February 5, 1948 (com-monly known as the ‘Indian Right-of-Way Act’) (25 U.S.C. 323 et seq.); ‘‘(bb) the Act of May 11, 1938 (commonly known as the ‘Indian Mineral Leasing Act of 1938’) (25 U.S.C. 396a et seq.); ‘‘(cc) the first section of the Act of August 9, 1955 (25 U.S.C. 415); ‘‘(dd) the Indian Mineral Development Act of 1982 (25 U.S.C. 2101 et seq.); ‘‘(ee) this title; ‘‘(ff) the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1201 et seq.); ‘‘(gg) part 162 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to leases and permits) (or successor regulations); ‘‘(hh) part 169 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to rights-of-way over Indian lands) (or successor regulations); and ‘‘(ii) the Act of June 28, 1906 (34 Stat. 539, chapter 3572) (commonly known as the ‘Osage Allotment Act’); ‘‘(II) consultations and preparation of bio-logical opinions under section 7 of the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536); ‘‘(III) preparation of environmental impact statements or similar analyses required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and ‘‘(IV) technical assistance and training for various forms of energy development on In-dian land. ‘‘(G) MANAGEMENT OF INDIAN LAND .—The Director shall ensure that— ‘‘(i) all environmental reviews and permit-ting decisions— ‘‘(I) comply with the unique legal relation-ship between the United States and Indian tribal governments (as set forth in the Con-stitution of the United States, treaties, stat-utes, Executive orders, and court decisions); and ‘‘(II) are exercised in a manner that pro-motes tribal authority over Indian land, con-sistent with the policy of the Federal Gov-ernment supporting Indian self-determina-tion; ‘‘(ii) Indian land shall not be— ‘‘(I) considered to be Federal public land or part of the public domain; or ‘‘(II) be managed in accordance with Fed-eral public land laws and policies; and ‘‘(iii) leases approved shall provide Indian tribes and Indian mineral owners with the maximum governmental and economic bene-fits associated with mineral leasing and de-velopment, including all revenue derived from mineral leasing and development, to encourage tribal self-determination and eco-nomic development on Indian land. ‘‘(H) I
NDIAN SELF -DETERMINATION .—Pro- grams and services operated by the Office shall be provided pursuant to contracts and grants awarded under the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.). ‘‘(I) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—To fund the Office for a period not to exceed 2 years, the Secretary shall transfer such funds as are necessary from the annual budgets of— ‘‘(I) the Bureau of Indian Affairs; ‘‘(II) the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; ‘‘(III) the Bureau Land Management; ‘‘(IV) the Office of Surface Mining; ‘‘(V) the Office of Natural Resources Rev-enue; and ‘‘(VI) the Office of Mineral Valuation. ‘‘(ii) B
ASE BUDGET .—At the end of the pe-riod described in clause (i), the combined total of the funds transferred under that clause shall serve as the base budget for the Office. ‘‘(J) A
PPROPRIATIONS OFFSET .—All fees gen-erated from Applications for Permits to Drill, inspection, nonproducing acreage, or any other fees related to energy development on Indian land— ‘‘(i) shall, beginning on the date the Office is opened, be transferred to the budget of the Office; and ‘‘(ii) may be used to advance or fulfill any of the stated duties and purposes of the Of-fice. ‘‘(K) R
EPORT .—The Office shall— ‘‘(i) keep detailed records documenting the activities of the Office; and ‘‘(ii) annually submit to Congress a report detailing— ‘‘(I) the number and type of Federal ap-provals granted; ‘‘(II) the time taken to process each type of application; ‘‘(III) the need for additional similar of-fices to be located in other regions; and ‘‘(IV) proposed changes in existing law to facilitate the development of energy re-sources on Indian land and improve over-sight of energy development on Indian land. ‘‘(L) COORDINATION WITH ADDITIONAL FED -
ERAL AGENCIES .—Not later than 1 year after establishing the Office, the Secretary shall enter into a memorandum of understanding to coordinate and streamline energy-related permits with— ‘‘(i) the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency; ‘‘(ii) the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works; and ‘‘(iii) the Secretary of Agriculture.’’. 
SA 3173. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 302, between lines 14 and 15, insert the following: 
SEC. 3401. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON CARBON CAPTURE, USE, AND STORAGE DE-VELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) carbon capture, use, and storage deploy-ment is— (A) an important part clean energy future and smart research and development invest-ments of the United States; and (B) critical— (i) to increasing the energy security of the United States; (ii) to reducing emissions; and (iii) to maintaining a diverse and reliable energy resource; (2) the fossil energy programs of the De-partment should continue to focus on re-search and development of technologies that will improve the capture, transportation, use, including for the production, through biofixation, of carbon-containing products, and injection processes essential for carbon capture, use, and storage activities in the electrical and industrial sectors; (3) the Secretary should continue to part-ner with the private sector and explore ave-nues to bring down the cost of carbon cap-ture, including through loans, grants, and se-questration credits to help make carbon cap-ture, use, and storage technologies more competitive compared to other technologies that are a part of the clean energy future of the United States; and (4) the Secretary should continue to work on existing, and expand on, international partnerships, agreements, projects, and in-formation sharing activities of the Secretary to develop the latest and most cutting-edge carbon capture, use, and storage tech-nologies for the electrical and industrial sec-tors. On page 302, line 15, strike ‘‘ 3401’’ and in- sert ‘‘3402’’. On page 302, line 21, strike ‘‘ 3402’’ and in- sert ‘‘3403’’. On page 311, between lines 7 and 8, insert the following: 
SEC. 3404. CONTRACTING AUTHORITY OF SEC-RETARY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ELECTRIC GENERATION  U
NIT.—In this section, the term ‘‘electric generation unit’’ means an electric genera-tion unit that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.027 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S443 February 1, 2016 
(1) uses coal-based generation technology; and (2) is capable of capturing carbon dioxide emissions from the unit. (b) C
ONTRACTING AUTHORITY .—The Sec-retary may enter into binding contracts, on behalf of the Federal Government, with qualified parties to provide price stabiliza-tion support for projects that capture carbon dioxide from certain industrial sources or projects that capture carbon dioxide from an electric generation unit and which captured carbon dioxide is sold to a purchaser for— (1) the recovery of crude oil; or (2) other purposes for which a commercial market exists. (c) T
ERM.—The term of a contract entered into under subsection (b) shall not exceed 25 years. (d) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall no-tify Congress of— (1) the intent of the Secretary to negotiate and enter into a price stabilization contract by the date that is not later than 30 days be-fore negotiations begin; and (2) the final terms of the contract, infor-mation on the range of overall costs for the project covered by the contract, and the range of potential costs and scenarios of the contract by the date that is not later than 30 days after the contract is executed. (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report detailing— (1) how the Secretary would establish, im-plement, and maintain the price stabiliza-tion contracting program described in this section; and (2) options for how price stabilization con-tracts under this section may be structured. (f) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after submission of the report under sub-section (e), the Secretary shall promulgate regulations to establish and implement the price stabilization contracting program de-scribed in this section. (g) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement the price stabilization contracting program described in this section. (h) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
SA 3174. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. B
LUNT , and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 302, between lines 14 and 15, insert the following: 
SEC. 3401. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON CARBON CAPTURE, USE, AND STORAGE DE-VELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) carbon capture, use, and storage deploy-ment is— (A) an important part of the clean energy future and smart research and development investments of the United States; and (B) critical— (i) to increasing the energy security of the United States; (ii) to reducing emissions; and (iii) to maintaining a diverse and reliable energy resource; (2) the fossil energy programs of the De-partment should continue to focus on re-search and development of technologies that will improve the capture, transportation, use (including for the production through bio-fixation of carbon-containing products), and injection processes essential for carbon cap-ture, use, and storage activities in the elec-trical and industrial sectors; (3) the Secretary should continue to part-ner with the private sector and explore ave-nues to bring down the cost of carbon cap-ture, including through loans, grants, and se-questration credits to help make carbon cap-ture, use, and storage technologies more competitive compared to other technologies that are a part of the clean energy future of the United States; and (4) the Secretary should continue working with international partners on pre-existing agreements, projects, and information shar-ing activities of the Secretary to develop the latest and most cutting-edge carbon capture, use, and storage technologies for the elec-trical and industrial sectors. On page 302, line 15, strike ‘‘ 3401’’ and in- sert ‘‘3402’’. On page 302, line 21, strike ‘‘ 3402’’ and in- sert ‘‘3403’’. On page 311, between lines 7 and 8, insert the following: SEC. 3404. REPORT ON PRICE STABILIZATION SUPPORT. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ELECTRIC GENERATION  U
NIT.—In this section, the term ‘‘electric generation unit’’ means an electric genera-tion unit that— (1) uses coal-based generation technology; and (2) is capable of capturing carbon dioxide emissions from the unit. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall prepare and submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report— (1) on the benefits and costs of entering into long-term binding contracts on behalf of the Federal Government with qualified par-ties to provide price stabilization support for certain industrial sources for capturing car-bon dioxide from electricity generated at an electric generation unit or carbon dioxide captured from an electric generation unit and sold to a purchaser for— (A) the recovery of crude oil; or (B) other purposes for which a commercial market exists; and (2) that— (A) contains an analysis of how the Depart-ment would establish, implement, and main-tain a contracting program described in paragraph (1); and (B) outlines options for how price stabiliza-tion contracts may be structured and regula-tions that would be necessary to implement a contracting program described in para-graph (1). 
SA 3175. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44ll. WILD HORSES IN AND AROUND THE CURRITUCK NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
(a) A GREEMENT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall enter into an agreement with the Corolla Wild Horse Fund (a nonprofit corporation established under the laws of the State of North Caro-lina), the County of Currituck, North Caro-lina, and the State of North Carolina to pro-vide for management of free-roaming wild horses in and around the Currituck National Wildlife Refuge. (2) TERMS .—The agreement shall— (A) allow a herd of not fewer than 110 and not more than 130 free-roaming wild horses in and around the refuge, with a target popu-lation of between 120 and 130 free-roaming wild horses; (B) provide for cost-effective management of the horses while ensuring that natural re-sources within the refuge are not adversely impacted; (C) provide for introduction of a small number of free-roaming wild horses from the herd at Cape Lookout National Seashore as is necessary to maintain the genetic viabil-ity of the herd in and around the Currituck National Wildlife Refuge; and (D) specify that the Corolla Wild Horse Fund shall pay the costs associated with— (i) coordinating a periodic census and in-specting the health of the horses; (ii) maintaining records of the horses liv-ing in the wild and in confinement; (iii) coordinating the removal and place-ment of horses and monitoring of any horses removed from the Currituck County Outer Banks; and (iv) administering a viable population con-trol plan for the horses, including auctions, adoptions, contraceptive fertility methods, and other viable options. (b) C
ONDITIONS FOR EXCLUDING WILD H
ORSES FROM REFUGE .—The Secretary shall not exclude free-roaming wild horses from any portion of the Currituck National Wild-life Refuge unless— (1) the Secretary finds that the presence of free-roaming wild horses on a portion of that refuge threatens the survival of an endan-gered species for which that land is des-ignated as critical habitat under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); (2) the finding is based on a credible peer- reviewed scientific assessment; and (3) the Secretary provides a period of pub-lic notice and comment on that finding. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR INTRODUCTION OF  H
ORSES FROM CAPELOOKOUT NATIONAL SEA-
SHORE .—During the effective period of the memorandum of understanding between the National Park Service and the Foundation for Shackleford Horses, Inc. (a non-profit corporation organized under the laws of and doing business in the State of North Caro-lina) signed in 2007, no horse may be removed from Cape Lookout National Seashore for in-troduction at Currituck National Wildlife Refuge except— (1) with the approval of the Foundation; and (2) consistent with the terms of the memo-randum (or any successor agreement) and the Management Plan for the Shackleford Banks Horse Herd signed in January 2006 (or any successor management plan). (d) N
OLIABILITY CREATED .—Nothing in this section creates liability for the United States for any damage caused by the free- roaming wild horses to any person or prop-erty located inside or outside the boundaries of the Currituck National Wildlife Refuge. 
SA 3176. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.029 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES444 February 1, 2016 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PHASE OUT OF TAX PREFERENCES FOR FOSSIL FUELS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) United States tax policy has provided tax preferences, such as special deductions, special tax rates, tax credits, and grants in lieu of tax credits, for oil and gas production for 100 years. (2) United States tax policy has provided tax preferences for coal production for over 80 years. (3) In order to ensure that all sources of en-ergy compete on an equal footing, as tax credits for renewable energy are phased out over the next 4 years, fossil fuel tax pref-erences should be phased out on the same schedule. (b) E
XPENSING OF INTANGIBLE DRILLING  C
OSTS.—Section 263 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘sub-section (i)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (i) and (j)’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) P
HASE OUT OF DEDUCTION FOR INTAN -
GIBLE DRILLING COSTS.—In the case of a dual capacity taxpayer which is a major inte-grated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)), for any intangible drilling and development costs paid or incurred with respect to an oil or gas well, the amount of such costs allowed as a deduction under sub-section (c) shall be reduced by— ‘‘(1) in the case of any costs paid or in-curred after December 31, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, 20 percent, ‘‘(2) in the case of any costs paid or in-curred after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, 40 percent, ‘‘(3) in the case of any costs paid or in-curred after December 31, 2018, and before January 1, 2020, 60 percent, and ‘‘(4) in the case of any costs paid or in-curred after December 31, 2019, 100 percent.’’. (c) P
ERCENTAGE DEPLETION FOR OIL AND  N
ATURAL GASWELLS.—Section 613A(d) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) P
HASE OUT OF PERCENTAGE DEPLETION  
FOR OIL AND NATURAL GAS WELLS .—In the case of a dual capacity taxpayer which is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)), the amount allowed as a deduction for the taxable year which is at-tributable to the application of subsection (c) (determined after the application of para-graphs (1) through (5) of this subsection and without regard to this paragraph) shall be reduced by— ‘‘(A) in the case of any crude oil or natural gas produced after December 31, 2016, and be-fore January 1, 2018, 20 percent, ‘‘(B) in the case of any crude oil or natural gas produced after December 31, 2017, and be-fore January 1, 2019, 40 percent, ‘‘(C) in the case of any crude oil or natural gas produced after December 31, 2018, and be-fore January 1, 2020, 60 percent, and ‘‘(D) in the case of any crude oil or natural gas produced after December 31, 2019, 100 per-cent.’’. (d) D
OMESTIC MANUFACTURING DEDUCTION  
FORFOSSIL FUELS .—Section 199(d)(9) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) P
HASE OUT OF DEDUCTION FOR OIL RE -
LATED QUALIFIED PRODUCTION ACTIVITIES IN -
COME .—In the case of a dual capacity tax-payer which is a major integrated oil com-pany (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)), the amount allowable as a deduc-tion under subsection (a) (determined after the application of subparagraph (A) and without regard to this subparagraph) shall be reduced by— ‘‘(i) in the case of any oil related qualified production activities income received or ac-crued after December 31, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, 20 percent, ‘‘(ii) in the case of any oil related qualified production activities income received or ac-crued after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, 40 percent, ‘‘(iii) in the case of any oil related quali-fied production activities income received or accrued after December 31, 2018, and before January 1, 2020, 60 percent, and ‘‘(iv) in the case of any oil related qualified production activities income received or ac-crued after December 31, 2019, 100 percent.’’. (e) AMORTIZATION OF GEOLOGICAL AND GEO-
PHYSICAL EXPENDITURES .—Section 167(h) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) P
HASE OUT OF AMORTIZATION OF GEO -
LOGICAL AND GEOPHYSICAL EXPENDITURES .—In the case of a dual capacity taxpayer which is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)), the amount of geological and geophysical expenses paid or incurred by a taxpayer which are allowed as a deduction under this subsection (without regard to this paragraph) shall be reduced by— ‘‘(A) in the case of any such expenses paid or incurred after December 31, 2016, and be-fore January 1, 2018, 20 percent, ‘‘(B) in the case of any such expenses paid or incurred after December 31, 2017, and be-fore January 1, 2019, 40 percent, ‘‘(C) in the case of any such expenses paid or incurred after December 31, 2018, and be-fore January 1, 2020, 60 percent, and ‘‘(D) in the case of any such expenses paid or incurred after December 31, 2019, 100 per-cent.’’. (f) P
ERCENTAGE DEPLETION FOR OIL S
HALE .—Section 613 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) P
HASE OUT OF PERCENTAGE DEPLETION  
FOROILSHALE .—In the case of a dual capac-ity taxpayer which is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)), the allowance for depletion for oil shale determined under this section (without regard to this subsection) shall be reduced by— ‘‘(1) in the case of any income received or accrued from the property after December 31, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, 20 percent, ‘‘(2) in the case of any income received or accrued from the property after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, 40 percent, ‘‘(3) in the case of any income received or accrued from the property after December 31, 2018, and before January 1, 2020, 60 percent, and ‘‘(4) in the case of any income received or accrued from the property after December 31, 2019, 100 percent.’’. (g) E
XPENSING OF EXPLORATION AND DEVEL -
OPMENT COSTS FOR OILSHALE .—Section 617 of such Code is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-section (j), and (2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(i) P
HASE OUT OF EXPENSING OF EXPLO -
RATION AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS FOR OIL S
HALE .—In the case of a dual capacity tax-payer which is a major integrated oil com-pany (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)), the amount of expenditures related to oil shale which are allowed as a deduction under subsection (a) shall be reduced by— ‘‘(1) in the case of any such expenditures paid or incurred after December 31, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, 20 percent, ‘‘(2) in the case of any such expenditures paid or incurred after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, 40 percent, ‘‘(3) in the case of any such expenditures paid or incurred after December 31, 2018, and before January 1, 2020, 60 percent, and ‘‘(4) in the case of any such expenditures paid or incurred after December 31, 2019, 100 percent.’’. (h) CAPITAL GAINS TREATMENT FOR ROYAL -
TIES OF COAL.—Section 631 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) P
HASE OUT OF CAPITAL GAINS TREAT -
MENT FOR ROYALTIES OF COAL.—In the case of coal (including lignite), the amount of gain or loss on the sale of such coal to which sub-section (c) applies shall be reduced by— ‘‘(1) in the case of any such gain or loss after December 31, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, 20 percent, ‘‘(2) in the case of any such gain or loss after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, 40 percent, ‘‘(3) in the case of any such gain or loss after December 31, 2018, and before January 1, 2020, 60 percent, and ‘‘(4) in the case of any such gain or loss after December 31, 2019, 100 percent.’’. (i) D
EDUCTION FOR TERTIARY INJECTANTS .— Section 193 of such Code is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) P
HASE OUT OF DEDUCTION FOR TER-
TIARY INJECTANTS .—In the case of a dual ca-pacity taxpayer which is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)), the amount of qualified tertiary injectant expenses allowable as a deduction under subsection (a) shall be reduced by— ‘‘(1) in the case of any such expenditures paid or incurred after December 31, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, 20 percent, ‘‘(2) in the case of any such expenditures paid or incurred after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, 40 percent, ‘‘(3) in the case of any such expenditures paid or incurred after December 31, 2018, and before January 1, 2020, 60 percent, and ‘‘(4) in the case of any such expenditures paid or incurred after December 31, 2019, 100 percent.’’. (j) E
XCEPTION TO PASSIVE LOSSLIMITATION  
FORWORKING INTERESTS IN OIL AND NATURAL  G
ASPROPERTIES .—Section 469(c) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) P
HASE OUT OF EXCEPTION TO PASSIVE  
LOSS LIMITATION FOR WORKING INTERESTS IN  
OIL AND NATURAL GAS PROPERTIES .—In the case of a dual capacity taxpayer which is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)), for any loss from a working interest in any oil or gas property, the amount of such loss to which paragraph (3) applies shall be reduced by— ‘‘(A) in the case of any such loss after De-cember 31, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, 20 percent, ‘‘(B) in the case of any such loss after De-cember 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, 40 percent, ‘‘(C) in the case of any such loss after De-cember 31, 2018, and before January 1, 2020, 60 percent, and ‘‘(D) in the case of any such loss after De-cember 31, 2019, 100 percent.’’. (k) M
ARGINAL WELLS CREDIT .—Section 45I(d) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) P
HASE OUT OF MARGINAL WELLS CRED -
IT.—In the case of a dual capacity taxpayer which is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)), the amount of the credit determined under sub-section (a) shall be reduced by— ‘‘(A) in the case of any qualified crude oil production or qualified natural gas produc-tion after December 31, 2016, and before Jan-uary 1, 2018, 20 percent, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.029 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S445 February 1, 2016 
‘‘(B) in the case of any qualified crude oil production or qualified natural gas produc-tion after December 31, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2019, 40 percent, ‘‘(C) in the case of any qualified crude oil production or qualified natural gas produc-tion after December 31, 2018, and before Jan-uary 1, 2020, 60 percent, and ‘‘(D) in the case of any qualified crude oil production or qualified natural gas produc-tion after December 31, 2019, 100 percent.’’. 
SA 3177. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE VI—PROTECTING AND ENHANCING OPPORTUNITIES FOR HUNTING, FISH-ING, AND RECREATIONAL SHOOTING Subtitle A—National Policy 
SEC. 6001. CONGRESSIONAL DECLARATION OF NATIONAL POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Congress declares that it is the policy of the United States that Fed-eral departments and agencies, in accord-ance with the missions of the departments and agencies, Executive Orders 12962 and 13443 (60 Fed. Reg. 30769 (June 7, 1995); 72 Fed. Reg. 46537 (August 16, 2007)), and applicable law, shall— (1) facilitate the expansion and enhance-ment of hunting, fishing, and recreational shooting opportunities on Federal land, in consultation with the Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council, the Sport Fishing and Boating Partnership Council, State and tribal fish and wildlife agencies, and the public; (2) conserve and enhance aquatic systems and the management of game species and the habitat of those species on Federal land, in-cluding through hunting and fishing, in a manner that respects— (A) State management authority over wildlife resources; and (B) private property rights; and (3) consider hunting, fishing, and rec-reational shooting opportunities as part of all Federal plans for land, resource, and trav-el management. (b) E
XCLUSION .—In this title, the term ‘‘fishing’’ does not include commercial fish-ing in which fish are harvested, either in whole or in part, that are intended to enter commerce through sale. Subtitle B—Sportsmen’s Access to Federal Land 
SEC. 6011. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means— (A) any land in the National Forest Sys-tem (as defined in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Plan-ning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a))) that is ad-ministered by the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Serv-ice; and (B) public lands (as defined in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702)), the surface of which is administered by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. (2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means— (A) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-spect to land described in paragraph (1)(A); and (B) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to land described in paragraph (1)(B). SEC. 6012. FEDERAL LAND OPEN TO HUNTING, FISHING, AND RECREATIONAL SHOOTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), Federal land shall be open to hunting, fish-ing, and recreational shooting, in accordance with applicable law, unless the Secretary concerned closes an area in accordance with section 6013. (b) E
FFECT OF SUBTITLE .—Nothing in this subtitle opens to hunting, fishing, or rec-reational shooting any land that is not open to those activities as of the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 6013. CLOSURE OF FEDERAL LAND TO HUNT-ING, FISHING, AND RECREATIONAL SHOOTING. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) and in accordance with section 302(b) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1732(b)), the Secretary con-cerned may designate any area on Federal land in which, and establish any period dur-ing which, for reasons of public safety, ad-ministration, or compliance with applicable laws, no hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting shall be permitted. (2) R
EQUIREMENT .—In making a designation under paragraph (1), the Secretary concerned shall designate the smallest area for the least amount of time that is required for public safety, administration, or compliance with applicable laws. (b) C
LOSURE PROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except in an emergency, before permanently or temporarily closing any Federal land to hunting, fishing, or rec-reational shooting, the Secretary concerned shall— (A) consult with State fish and wildlife agencies; and (B) provide public notice and opportunity for comment under paragraph (2). (2) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Public notice and com-ment shall include— (i) a notice of intent— (I) published in advance of the public com-ment period for the closure— (aa) in the Federal Register; (bb) on the website of the applicable Fed-eral agency; (cc) on the website of the Federal land unit, if available; and (dd) in at least 1 local newspaper; (II) made available in advance of the public comment period to local offices, chapters, and affiliate organizations in the vicinity of the closure that are signatories to the memorandum of understanding entitled ‘‘Federal Lands Hunting, Fishing, and Shoot-ing Sports Roundtable Memorandum of Un-derstanding’’; and (III) that describes— (aa) the proposed closure; and (bb) the justification for the proposed clo-sure, including an explanation of the reasons and necessity for the decision to close the area to hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting; and (ii) an opportunity for public comment for a period of— (I) not less than 60 days for a permanent closure; or (II) not less than 30 days for a temporary closure. (B) F
INAL DECISION .—In a final decision to permanently or temporarily close an area to hunting, fishing, or recreation shooting, the Secretary concerned shall— (i) respond in a reasoned manner to the comments received; (ii) explain how the Secretary concerned resolved any significant issues raised by the comments; and (iii) show how the resolution led to the clo-sure. (c) TEMPORARY CLOSURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A temporary closure under this section may not exceed a period of 180 days. (2) R
ENEWAL .—Except in an emergency, a temporary closure for the same area of land closed to the same activities— (A) may not be renewed more than 3 times after the first temporary closure; and (B) must be subject to a separate notice and comment procedure in accordance with subsection (b)(2). (3) E
FFECT OF TEMPORARY CLOSURE .—Any Federal land that is temporarily closed to hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting under this section shall not become perma-nently closed to that activity without a sep-arate public notice and opportunity to com-ment in accordance with subsection (b)(2). (d) R
EPORTING .—On an annual basis, the Secretaries concerned shall— (1) publish on a public website a list of all areas of Federal land temporarily or perma-nently subject to a closure under this sec-tion; and (2) submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Re-sources and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives a report that identifies— (A) a list of each area of Federal land tem-porarily or permanently subject to a closure; (B) the acreage of each closure; and (C) a survey of— (i) the aggregate areas and acreage closed under this section in each State; and (ii) the percentage of Federal land in each State closed under this section with respect to hunting, fishing, and recreational shoot-ing. (e) A
PPLICATION .—This section shall not apply if the closure is— (1) less than 14 days in duration; and (2) covered by a special use permit. 
SEC. 6014. SHOOTING RANGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary concerned may, in accordance with this section and other ap-plicable law, lease or permit the use of Fed-eral land for a shooting range. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary concerned shall not lease or permit the use of Federal land for a shooting range, within— (1) a component of the National Landscape Conservation System; (2) a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System; (3) any area that is— (A) designated as a wilderness study area; (B) administratively classified as— (i) wilderness-eligible; or (ii) wilderness-suitable; or (C) a primitive or semiprimitive area; (4) a national monument, national volcanic monument, or national scenic area; or (5) a component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System (including areas des-ignated for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers Sys-tem). 
SEC. 6015. FEDERAL ACTION TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF EQUAL ACCESS TO JUS-
TICE PROVISIONS .— (1) A
GENCY PROCEEDINGS .—Section 504 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘, United States Code’’; (B) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (i); and (C) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e)(1) Not later than March 31 of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enact-ment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, and every fiscal year thereafter, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.029 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES446 February 1, 2016 
the Chairman of the Administrative Con-ference of the United States, after consulta-tion with the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration, shall submit to Congress and make publicly avail-able online a report on the amount of fees and other expenses awarded during the pre-ceding fiscal year under this section. ‘‘(2) Each report under paragraph (1) shall describe the number, nature, and amount of the awards, the claims involved in the con-troversy, and any other relevant information that may aid Congress in evaluating the scope and impact of such awards. ‘‘(3)(A) Each report under paragraph (1) shall account for all payments of fees and other expenses awarded under this section that are made pursuant to a settlement agreement, regardless of whether the settle-ment agreement is sealed or otherwise sub-ject to a nondisclosure provision. ‘‘(B) The disclosure of fees and other ex-penses required under subparagraph (A) shall not affect any other information that is sub-ject to a nondisclosure provision in a settle-ment agreement. ‘‘(f) As soon as practicable, and in any event not later than the date on which the first report under subsection (e)(1) is re-quired to be submitted, the Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States shall create and maintain online a searchable database containing, with respect to each award of fees and other expenses under this section made on or after the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act of 2016, the following informa-tion: ‘‘(1) The case name and number of the ad-versary adjudication, if available, hyperlinked to the case, if available. ‘‘(2) The name of the agency involved in the adversary adjudication. ‘‘(3) A description of the claims in the ad-versary adjudication. ‘‘(4) The name of each party to whom the award was made as such party is identified in the order or other court document making the award. ‘‘(5) The amount of the award. ‘‘(6) The basis for the finding that the posi-tion of the agency concerned was not sub-stantially justified. ‘‘(g) The online searchable database de-scribed in subsection (f) may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is pro-hibited by law or a court order. ‘‘(h) The head of each agency shall provide to the Chairman of the Administrative Con-ference of the United States in a timely manner all information requested by the Chairman to comply with the requirements of subsections (e), (f), and (g).’’. (2) C
OURT CASES .—Section 2412(d) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) Not later than March 31 of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enact-ment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, and every fiscal year thereafter, the Chairman of the Administrative Con-ference of the United States shall submit to Congress and make publicly available online a report on the amount of fees and other ex-penses awarded during the preceding fiscal year pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(B) Each report under subparagraph (A) shall describe the number, nature, and amount of the awards, the claims involved in the controversy, and any other relevant in-formation that may aid Congress in evalu-ating the scope and impact of such awards. ‘‘(C)(i) Each report under subparagraph (A) shall account for all payments of fees and other expenses awarded under this sub-section that are made pursuant to a settle-ment agreement, regardless of whether the settlement agreement is sealed or otherwise subject to a nondisclosure provision. ‘‘(ii) The disclosure of fees and other ex-penses required under clause (i) shall not af-fect any other information that is subject to a nondisclosure provision in a settlement agreement. ‘‘(D) The Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States shall include and clearly identify in each annual report under subparagraph (A), for each case in which an award of fees and other expenses is included in the report— ‘‘(i) any amounts paid under section 1304 of title 31 for a judgment in the case; ‘‘(ii) the amount of the award of fees and other expenses; and ‘‘(iii) the statute under which the plaintiff filed suit. ‘‘(6) As soon as practicable, and in any event not later than the date on which the first report under paragraph (5)(A) is re-quired to be submitted, the Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States shall create and maintain online a searchable database containing, with respect to each award of fees and other expenses under this subsection made on or after the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act of 2016, the following informa-tion: ‘‘(A) The case name and number, hyperlinked to the case, if available. ‘‘(B) The name of the agency involved in the case. ‘‘(C) The name of each party to whom the award was made as such party is identified in the order or other court document making the award. ‘‘(D) A description of the claims in the case. ‘‘(E) The amount of the award. ‘‘(F) The basis for the finding that the po-sition of the agency concerned was not sub-stantially justified. ‘‘(7) The online searchable database de-scribed in paragraph (6) may not reveal any information the disclosure of which is pro-hibited by law or a court order. ‘‘(8) The head of each agency (including the Attorney General of the United States) shall provide to the Chairman of the Administra-tive Conference of the United States in a timely manner all information requested by the Chairman to comply with the require-ments of paragraphs (5), (6), and (7).’’. (3) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 2412 of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (d)(3), by striking ‘‘United States Code,’’; and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking ‘‘of section 2412 of title 28, United States Code,’’ and inserting ‘‘of this section’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘of such title’’ and insert-ing ‘‘of this title’’. (b) J
UDGMENT FUND TRANSPARENCY .—Sec- tion 1304 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) Beginning not later than the date that is 60 days after the date of enactment of the Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, and unless the disclosure of such information is otherwise prohibited by law or a court order, the Secretary of the Treasury shall make available to the public on a website, as soon as practicable, but not later than 30 days after the date on which a payment under this section is tendered, the following informa-tion with regard to that payment: ‘‘(1) The name of the specific agency or en-tity whose actions gave rise to the claim or judgment. ‘‘(2) The name of the plaintiff or claimant. ‘‘(3) The name of counsel for the plaintiff or claimant. ‘‘(4) The amount paid representing prin-cipal liability, and any amounts paid rep-resenting any ancillary liability, including attorney fees, costs, and interest. ‘‘(5) A brief description of the facts that gave rise to the claim. ‘‘(6) The name of the agency that sub-mitted the claim.’’. Subtitle C—Filming on Federal Land Management Agency Land SEC. 6021. COMMERCIAL FILMING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1 of Public Law 106–206 (16 U.S.C. 460l–6d) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (a) through (f) as subsections (b) through (g), re-spectively; (2) by inserting before subsection (b) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION OF SECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the Inte-rior or the Secretary of Agriculture, as ap-plicable, with respect to land under the re-spective jurisdiction of the Secretary.’’; (3) in subsection (b) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture (hereafter individually referred to as the ‘Secretary’ with respect to land (except land in a System unit as defined in section 100102 of title 54, United States Code) under their respective jurisdictions)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, ex-cept in the case of film crews of 3 or fewer in-dividuals’’ before the period at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) F
EE SCHEDULE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the En-ergy Policy Modernization Act of 2016, to en-hance consistency in the management of Federal land, the Secretaries shall publish a single joint land use fee schedule for com-mercial filming and still photography.’’; (4) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’; (5) in subsection (d) (as so redesignated), in the heading, by inserting ‘‘Commercial’’ be-fore ‘‘Still’’; (6) in paragraph (1) of subsection (f) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘in accordance with the Federal Lands Recreation Enhance-ment Act (16 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.),’’ after ‘‘without further appropriation,’’; (7) in subsection (g) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary shall not consider subject matter or content as a criterion for issuing or denying a permit under this Act.’’; and (8) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) E
XEMPTION FROMCOMMERCIAL FILMING  
ORSTILL PHOTOGRAPHY PERMITS AND FEES.— The Secretary shall not require persons hold-ing commercial use authorizations or special recreation permits to obtain an additional permit or pay a fee for commercial filming or still photography under this Act if the filming or photography conducted is— ‘‘(1) incidental to the permitted activity that is the subject of the commercial use au-thorization or special recreation permit; and ‘‘(2) the holder of the commercial use au-thorization or special recreation permit is an individual or small business concern (within the meaning of section 3 of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 632)). ‘‘(i) E
XCEPTION FROM CERTAIN FEES.—Com- mercial filming or commercial still photog-raphy shall be exempt from fees under this Act, but not from recovery of costs under subsection (c), if the activity— ‘‘(1) is conducted by an entity that is a small business concern (within the meaning of section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)); ‘‘(2) is conducted by a crew of not more than 3 individuals; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.028 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S447 February 1, 2016 
‘‘(3) uses only a camera and tripod. ‘‘(j) A
PPLICABILITY TO NEWSGATHERING AC-
TIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—News gathering shall not be considered a commercial activity. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUDED ACTIVITIES .—In this sub-section, the term ‘news gathering’ includes, at a minimum, the gathering, recording, and filming of news and information related to news in any medium.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 1009 of title 54, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by striking section 100905; and (2) in the table of sections for chapter 1009 of title 54, United States Code, by striking the item relating to section 100905. Subtitle D—Bows, Wildlife Management, and Access Opportunities for Recreation, Hunt-ing, and Fishing 
SEC. 6031. BOWS IN PARKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1049 of title 54, United States Code (as amended by section 5001(a)), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 104909. Bows in parks ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION OF NOTREADY FOR IMME-
DIATE USE.—The term ‘not ready for imme-diate use’ means— ‘‘(1) a bow or crossbow, the arrows of which are secured or stowed in a quiver or other arrow transport case; and ‘‘(2) with respect to a crossbow, uncocked. ‘‘(b) V
EHICULAR TRANSPORTATION AUTHOR -
IZED.—The Director shall not promulgate or enforce any regulation that prohibits an in-dividual from transporting bows and cross-bows that are not ready for immediate use across any System unit in the vehicle of the individual if— ‘‘(1) the individual is not otherwise prohib-ited by law from possessing the bows and crossbows; ‘‘(2) the bows or crossbows that are not ready for immediate use remain inside the vehicle of the individual throughout the pe-riod during which the bows or crossbows are transported across System land; and ‘‘(3) the possession of the bows and cross-bows is in compliance with the law of the State in which the System unit is located.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 1049 of title 54, United States Code (as amended by section 5001(b)), is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 104908 the following: ‘‘104909. Bows in parks.’’. 
SEC. 6032. WILDLIFE MANAGEMENT IN PARKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1049 of title 54, United States Code (as amended by section 6031(a)), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 104910. WILDLIFE MANAGEMENT IN PARKS. 
‘‘(a) U SE OF QUALIFIED VOLUNTEERS .—If the Secretary determines it is necessary to re-duce the size of a wildlife population on Sys-tem land in accordance with applicable law (including regulations), the Secretary may use qualified volunteers to assist in carrying out wildlife management on System land. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR QUALIFIED VOLUN -
TEERS .—Qualified volunteers providing as-sistance under subsection (a) shall be subject to— ‘‘(1) any training requirements or quali-fications established by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) any other terms and conditions that the Secretary may require.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 1049 of title 54 (as amended by section 6031(b)), United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 104909 the following: ‘‘104910. Wildlife management in parks.’’. 
SEC. 6033. IDENTIFYING OPPORTUNITIES FOR RECREATION, HUNTING, AND FISH-ING ON FEDERAL LAND. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means— (A) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to land administered by— (i) the Director of the National Park Serv-ice; (ii) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; and (iii) the Director of the Bureau of Land Management; and (B) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-spect to land administered by the Chief of the Forest Service. (2) S
TATE OR REGIONAL OFFICE .—The term ‘‘State or regional office’’ means— (A) a State office of the Bureau of Land Management; or (B) a regional office of— (i) the National Park Service; (ii) the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; or (iii) the Forest Service. (3) T
RAVEL MANAGEMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘travel management plan’’ means a plan for the management of travel— (A) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the National Park Service, on park roads and designated routes under section 4.10 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); (B) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, on the land under a comprehensive conservation plan prepared under section 4(e) of the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd(e)); (C) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Forest Service, on National For-est System land under part 212 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); and (D) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Bureau of Land Management, under a resource management plan devel-oped under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (b) P
RIORITY LISTSREQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, an-nually during the 10-year period beginning on the date on which the first priority list is completed, and every 5 years after the end of the 10-year period, the Secretary shall pre-pare a priority list, to be made publicly available on the website of the applicable Federal agency referred to in subsection (a)(1), which shall identify the location and acreage of land within the jurisdiction of each State or regional office on which the public is allowed, under Federal or State law, to hunt, fish, or use the land for other recreational purposes but— (A) to which there is no public access or egress; or (B) to which public access or egress to the legal boundaries of the land is significantly restricted (as determined by the Secretary). (2) M
INIMUM SIZE .—Any land identified under paragraph (1) shall consist of contig-uous acreage of at least 640 acres. (3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In preparing the pri-ority list required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider with respect to the land— (A) whether access is absent or merely re-stricted, including the extent of the restric-tion; (B) the likelihood of resolving the absence of or restriction to public access; (C) the potential for recreational use; (D) any information received from the pub-lic or other stakeholders during the nomina-tion process described in paragraph (5); and (E) any other factor as determined by the Secretary. (4) ADJACENT LAND STATUS .—For each par-cel of land on the priority list, the Secretary shall include in the priority list whether re-solving the issue of public access or egress to the land would require acquisition of an easement, right-of-way, or fee title from— (A) another Federal agency; (B) a State, local, or tribal government; or (C) a private landowner. (5) N
OMINATION PROCESS .—In preparing a priority list under this section, the Sec-retary shall provide an opportunity for mem-bers of the public to nominate parcels for in-clusion on the priority list. (c) A
CCESS OPTIONS .—With respect to land included on a priority list described in sub-section (b), the Secretary shall develop and submit to the Committees on Appropriations and Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committees on Appropria-tions and Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on options for pro-viding access that— (1) identifies how public access and egress could reasonably be provided to the legal boundaries of the land in a manner that minimizes the impact on wildlife habitat and water quality; (2) specifies the steps recommended to se-cure the access and egress, including acquir-ing an easement, right-of-way, or fee title from a willing owner of any land that abuts the land or the need to coordinate with State land management agencies or other Federal, State, or tribal governments to allow for such access and egress; and (3) is consistent with the travel manage-ment plan in effect on the land. (d) P
ROTECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTI -
FYING INFORMATION .—In making the priority list and report prepared under subsections (b) and (c) available, the Secretary shall en-sure that no personally identifying informa-tion is included, such as names or addresses of individuals or entities. (e) W
ILLING OWNERS .—For purposes of pro-viding any permits to, or entering into agreements with, a State, local, or tribal government or private landowner with re-spect to the use of land under the jurisdic-tion of the government or landowner, the Secretary shall not take into account wheth-er the State, local, or tribal government or private landowner has granted or denied pub-lic access or egress to the land. (f) M
EANS OF PUBLIC ACCESS AND EGRESS  I
NCLUDED .—In considering public access and egress under subsections (b) and (c), the Sec-retary shall consider public access and egress to the legal boundaries of the land described in those subsections, including access and egress— (1) by motorized or non-motorized vehicles; and (2) on foot or horseback. (g) E
FFECT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—This section shall have no effect on whether a particular recreational use shall be allowed on the land included in a priority list under this section. (2) E
FFECT OF ALLOWABLE USES ON AGENCY  
CONSIDERATION .—In preparing the priority list under subsection (b), the Secretary shall only consider recreational uses that are al-lowed on the land at the time that the pri-ority list is prepared. Subtitle E—Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act 
SEC. 6041. FEDERAL LAND TRANSACTION FACILI-TATION ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal Land Trans-action Facilitation Act is amended— (1) in section 203(2) (43 U.S.C. 2302(2)), by striking ‘‘on the date of enactment of this Act was’’ and inserting ‘‘is’’; (2) in section 205 (43 U.S.C. 2304)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.028 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES448 February 1, 2016 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(as in ef-fect on the date of enactment of this Act)’’; and (B) by striking subsection (d); (3) in section 206 (43 U.S.C. 2305), by strik-ing subsection (f); and (4) in section 207(b) (43 U.S.C. 2306(b))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘96–568’’ and inserting ‘‘96– 586’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semi-colon; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘Public Law 105–263;’’ be-fore ‘‘112 Stat.’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the White Pine County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–432; 120 Stat. 3028); ‘‘(4) the Lincoln County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–424; 118 Stat. 2403); ‘‘(5) subtitle F of title I of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; Public Law 111–11); ‘‘(6) subtitle O of title I of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 460www note, 1132 note; Public Law 111–11); ‘‘(7) section 2601 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1108); or ‘‘(8) section 2606 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1121).’’. (b) F
UNDS TO TREASURY .—Of the amounts deposited in the Federal Land Disposal Ac-count, there shall be transferred to the gen-eral fund of the Treasury $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. Subtitle F—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 6051. RESPECT FOR TREATIES AND RIGHTS. 
Nothing in this title or the amendments made by this title— (1) affects or modifies any treaty or other right of any federally recognized Indian tribe; or (2) modifies any provision of Federal law relating to migratory birds or to endangered or threatened species. 
SEC. 6052. NO PRIORITY. 
Nothing in this title or the amendments made by this title provides a preference to hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting over any other use of Federal land or water. TITLE VII—REFUNDS OF FUNDS USED BY STATES TO OPERATE UNITS OF THE NA-TIONAL PARK SYSTEM DURING A SHUT-DOWN 
SEC. 7001. REFUND OF FUNDS USED BY STATES TO OPERATE NATIONAL PARKS DUR-ING SHUTDOWN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Park Service shall refund to each State all funds of the State that were used to reopen and temporarily operate a unit of the National Park System during the period in October 2013 in which there was a lapse in appropriations for the unit. (b) F
UNDING .—Funds of the National Park Service that are appropriated after the date of enactment of this Act shall be used to carry out this section. 
SA 3178. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike subsection (e) of section 1306 (relat-ing to a vehicle research and development program) and insert the following: (e) FEDERAL DEMONSTRATION OF TECH-
NOLOGIES .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) E
LECTRIC TRANSPORTATION TECH -
NOLOGY .—The term ‘‘electric transportation technology’’ has the meaning given the term in section 131(a) of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17011(a)). (B) T
RANSPORTATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘transportation technology’’ means transportation technology other than elec-tric transportation technology. (2) A
SSESSMENT AND REPORT .—The Sec-retary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator of General Services, shall— (A) make information available to procure-ment programs of Federal agencies regarding the potential to demonstrate technologies resulting from activities funded through pro-grams under this Act; and (B) complete an assessment of the electric transportation technology of each Federal agency, including the vehicle fleets of the United States Postal Service and the Depart-ment of Defense, and submit to Congress a report that describes— (i) for each Federal agency, which types of transportation technology the agency uses that would or would not be suitable for near- term and medium-term conversion to elec-tric transportation technology, taking into account the types of transportation tech-nology for which electric transportation technology could provide comparable functionality and lifecycle costs; (ii) how many plug-in electric drive vehi-cles and other electric transportation tech-nologies could be deployed by the Federal Government in the 5-year-period and the 10- year-period following the date of the report, assuming that electric transportation tech-nologies are available and are purchased when new transportation technologies are needed or existing transportation tech-nologies are replaced; (iii) the estimated cost to the Federal Gov-ernment, including estimated fuel and oper-ating costs savings over the life of the trans-portation technology and the estimated pay-back period, for transportation technology purchases under clause (ii); (iv) a description of any updates to the as-sessment and report based on new market data; and (v) a description of— (I) how the United States Postal Service is carrying out its plan to replace the fleet of Long Life Vehicles of the United States Postal Service; and (II) what steps are being taken to ensure that— (aa) the procurement takes advantage of new fuel saving technologies through regular transition of the fleet; and (bb) best industry practices that take into account fuel efficiency, including the use of electric transport technology, are followed. (3) I
NVENTORY AND DATA COLLECTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the as-sessment and report under paragraph (2), the Secretary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of General Services, shall— (i) develop an information request for each Federal agency that operates a fleet of not fewer than 20 motor vehicles; and (ii) establish guidelines for each Federal agency to use in developing a plan to deploy electric transportation technologies. (B) A
GENCY RESPONSES .—Each Federal agency that operates a fleet of not fewer than 20 motor vehicles shall— (i) collect information on the vehicle fleet and other transportation technologies of the agency in response to the information re-quest described in subparagraph (A)(i); and (ii) develop a plan to deploy electric trans-portation technologies. (C) ANALYSIS OF RESPONSES .—The Sec-retary shall— (i) analyze the information submitted by each Federal agency under subparagraph (B)(i); (ii) approve or suggest amendments to the plan of each Federal agency to ensure that the plan is consistent with the goals and re-quirements of this Act; and (iii) submit a plan to Congress and the Ad-ministrator of General Services to be used in developing the pilot program described in paragraph (4). (4) P
ILOT PROGRAM TO DEPLOY ELECTRIC  
TRANSPORTATION TECHNOLOGIES IN THE FED -
ERAL TRANSPORTATION TECHNOLOGY FLEET .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of General Services shall acquire electric trans-portation technologies and the requisite charging infrastructure to be deployed in a range of locations in the Federal fleet during the 5-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (B) D
ATA COLLECTION .—The Administrator of General Services shall collect data regard-ing— (i) the cost, performance, and use of elec-tric transportation technologies in the Fed-eral fleet; (ii) the deployment and integration of elec-tric transportation technologies in the Fed-eral fleet; and (iii) the contribution of electric transpor-tation technologies in the Federal fleet to-ward reducing the use of fossil fuels and greenhouse gas emissions. (C) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of General Services shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that— (i) describes the status of electric transpor-tation technologies in the Federal fleet; and (ii) includes an analysis of the data col-lected under this paragraph. (5) F
EDERAL REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— Electricity consumed by Federal agencies to fuel electric transportation technologies shall be— (A) considered to be an alternative fuel as defined in— (i) section 400AA(g) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6374(g)); and (ii) section 301 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13211)); and (B) accounted for under Federal fleet man-agement reporting requirements rather than under Federal building management report-ing requirements. 
SA 3179. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self, Mr. H
OEVEN , and Mr. W ARNER ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 174, line 5, insert ‘‘, electric ther-mal, electromechanical,’’ after ‘‘materials’’. 
SA 3180. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.028 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S449 February 1, 2016 
TITLE VI—METAL THEFT PREVENTION ACT 
SEC. 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Metal Theft Prevention Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 6002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘critical infrastructure’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1016(e) of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PA-TRIOT ACT) Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)); (2) the term ‘‘specified metal’’ means metal that— (A)(i) is marked with the name, logo, or initials of a city, county, State, or Federal government entity, a railroad, an electric, gas, or water company, a telephone com-pany, a cable company, a retail establish-ment, a beer supplier or distributor, or a public utility; or (ii) has been altered for the purpose of re-moving, concealing, or obliterating a name, logo, or initials described in clause (i) through burning or cutting of wire sheathing or other means; or (B) is part of— (i) a street light pole or street light fix-ture; (ii) a road or bridge guard rail; (iii) a highway or street sign; (iv) a water meter cover; (v) a storm water grate; (vi) unused or undamaged building con-struction or utility material; (vii) a historical marker; (viii) a grave marker or cemetery urn; (ix) a utility access cover; or (x) a container used to transport or store beer with a capacity of 5 gallons or more; (C) is a wire or cable commonly used by communications and electrical utilities; or (D) is copper, aluminum, and other metal (including any metal combined with other materials) that is valuable for recycling or reuse as raw metal, except for— (i) aluminum cans; and (ii) motor vehicles, the purchases of which are reported to the National Motor Vehicle Title Information System (established under section 30502 of title 49, United States Code); and (3) the term ‘‘recycling agent’’ means any person engaged in the business of purchasing specified metal for reuse or recycling, with-out regard to whether that person is engaged in the business of recycling or otherwise processing the purchased specified metal for reuse. 
SEC. 6003. THEFT OF SPECIFIED METAL. 
(a) O FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful to know-ingly steal specified metal— (1) being used in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce; and (2) the theft of which is from and harms critical infrastructure. (b) P
ENALTY .—Any person who commits an offense described in subsection (a) shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, im-prisoned not more than 10 years, or both. 
SEC. 6004. DOCUMENTATION OF OWNERSHIP OR AUTHORITY TO SELL. 
(a) O FFENSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for a recy-cling agent to purchase specified metal de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 6002(2), unless— (A) the seller, at the time of the trans-action, provides documentation of ownership of, or other proof of the authority of the sell-er to sell, the specified metal; and (B) there is a reasonable basis to believe that the documentation or other proof of au-thority provided under subparagraph (A) is valid. (2) EXCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a recycling agent that is subject to a State or local law that sets forth a require-ment on recycling agents to obtain docu-mentation of ownership or proof of authority to sell specified metal before purchasing specified metal. (3) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF RECYCLING AGENT .—A recycling agent is not required to independ-ently verify the validity of the documenta-tion or other proof of authority described in paragraph (1). (4) P
URCHASE OF STOLEN METAL .—It shall be unlawful for a recycling agent to purchase any specified metal that the recycling agent— (A) knows to be stolen; or (B) should know or believe, based upon commercial experience and practice, to be stolen. (b) C
IVIL PENALTY .—A person who know-ingly violates subsection (a) shall be subject to a civil penalty of not more than $10,000 for each violation. 
SEC. 6005. ENFORCEMENT BY ATTORNEY GEN-ERAL. 
The Attorney General may bring an en-forcement action in an appropriate United States district court against any person that engages in conduct that violates this title. 
SEC. 6006. ENFORCEMENT BY STATE ATTORNEYS GENERAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An attorney general or equivalent regulator of a State may bring a civil action in the name of the State, as parens patriae on behalf of natural persons residing in the State, in any district court of the United States or other competent court having jurisdiction over the defendant, to se-cure monetary or equitable relief for a viola-tion of this title. (b) N
OTICE REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days before the date on which an action under subsection (a) is filed, the attorney general or equivalent regulator of the State involved shall provide to the Attorney Gen-eral— (1) written notice of the action; and (2) a copy of the complaint for the action. (c) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ACTION .—Upon re- ceiving notice under subsection (b), the At-torney General shall have the right— (1) to intervene in the action; (2) upon so intervening, to be heard on all matters arising therein; (3) to remove the action to an appropriate district court of the United States; and (4) to file petitions for appeal. (d) P
ENDING FEDERAL PROCEEDINGS .—If a civil action has been instituted by the Attor-ney General for a violation of this title, no State may, during the pendency of the ac-tion instituted by the Attorney General, in-stitute a civil action under this title against any defendant named in the complaint in the civil action for any violation alleged in the complaint. (e) C
ONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of bring-ing a civil action under subsection (a), noth-ing in this section regarding notification shall be construed to prevent the attorney general or equivalent regulator of the State from exercising any powers conferred under the laws of that State to— (1) conduct investigations; (2) administer oaths or affirmations; or (3) compel the attendance of witnesses or the production of documentary and other evidence. 
SEC. 6007. DIRECTIVE TO SENTENCING COMMIS-SION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Pursuant to its authority under section 994 of title 28, United States Code, and in accordance with this section, the United States Sentencing Commission, shall review and, if appropriate, amend the Federal Sentencing Guidelines and policy statements applicable to a person convicted of a criminal violation of section 6003 of this title or any other Federal criminal law based on the theft of specified metal by such per-son. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out this section, the Sentencing Commission shall— (1) ensure that the sentencing guidelines and policy statements reflect the— (A) serious nature of the theft of specified metal; and (B) need for an effective deterrent and ap-propriate punishment to prevent such theft; (2) consider the extent to which the guide-lines and policy statements appropriately account for— (A) the potential and actual harm to the public from the offense, including any dam-age to critical infrastructure; (B) the amount of loss, or the costs associ-ated with replacement or repair, attributable to the offense; (C) the level of sophistication and planning involved in the offense; and (D) whether the offense was intended to or had the effect of creating a threat to public health or safety, injury to another person, or death; (3) account for any additional aggravating or mitigating circumstances that may jus-tify exceptions to the generally applicable sentencing ranges; (4) assure reasonable consistency with other relevant directives and with other sen-tencing guidelines and policy statements; and (5) assure that the sentencing guidelines and policy statements adequately meet the purposes of sentencing as set forth in section 3553(a)(2) of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 6008. CONFIDENTIALITY. 
Any information collected or retained under this title may be disclosed to any Fed-eral, State, or local law enforcement author-ity or as otherwise directed by a court of law. 
SEC. 6009. STATE AND LOCAL LAW NOT PRE-EMPTED. 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to preempt any State or local law regulating the sale or purchase of specified metal, the reporting of such transactions, or any other aspect of the metal recycling industry. 
SEC. 6010. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 3181. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NEW SOURCE REVIEW. 
Section 111 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7411) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(k) N
EWSOURCE REVIEW NOTREQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any physical change in an existing source, or in the method of oper-ation of an existing source, that increases the efficiency of the existing source or re-duces mass emissions of the existing source that are subject to the provisions of this Act (as compared to the average annual emis-sions of the existing source in any 1 of the preceding 10 calendar years), for purposes of compliance with a regulation promulgated under this Act, by lowering the rate or mass 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.031 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES450 February 1, 2016 
of carbon dioxide emissions from the exist-ing source shall not require, cause, or other-wise trigger a new source review under this Act.’’. 
SA 3182. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 50ll. CONSERVATION INCENTIVES LAND-OWNER EDUCATION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall establish a conservation incentives landowner education program (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘program’’). (b) P
URPOSE OF PROGRAM .—The program shall provide information on Federal con-servation programs available to landowners interested in undertaking conservation ac-tions on the land of the landowners, includ-ing options under each conservation program available to achieve the conservation goals of the program, such as— (1) fee title land acquisition; (2) donation; and (3) perpetual and term conservation ease-ments or agreements. (c) A
VAILABILITY .—The Secretary of the In-terior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall ensure that the information provided under the program is made available to— (1) interested landowners; and (2) the public. (d) N
OTIFICATION .—In any case in which the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture contacts a landowner directly about participation in a Federal conserva-tion program, that Secretary shall, in writ-ing— (1) notify the landowner of the program; and (2) make available information on the con-servation program options that may be available to the landowner. 
SA 3183. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 2204. CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGY MANU-FACTURING AND EXPORT ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
LEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘clean energy technology’’ means a tech-nology related to the production, use, trans-mission, storage, control, or conservation of energy that will contribute to a stabilization of atmospheric greenhouse gas concentra-tions through reduction, avoidance, or se-questration of energy-related emissions and— (A) reduce the need for additional energy supplies by using existing energy supplies with greater efficiency or by transmitting, distributing, or transporting energy with greater effectiveness; or (B) diversify the sources of energy supply of the United States to strengthen energy se-curity and to increase supplies with a favor-able balance of environmental effects if the entire technology system is considered. (2) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (b) S
TRATEGY .—The Secretary, consistent with the National Export Initiative (estab-lished by Executive Order 13534 (75 Fed. Reg. 12,433)), shall develop a strategy that in-cludes providing information, tools, and other assistance to United States businesses to promote clean energy technology manu-facturing and facilitate the export of clean energy technology products and services. Such strategy shall include— (1) developing critical analysis of policies to reduce production costs and promote in-novation, investment, and productivity in the clean energy technology sector; (2) helping educate companies about how to tailor their activities to specific markets with respect to their product slate, financ-ing, marketing, assembly, and logistics; (3) helping United States companies learn about the export process and export opportu-nities in foreign markets; (4) helping United States companies to navigate foreign markets; and (5) helping United States companies pro-vide input regarding clean energy tech-nology manufacturing and trade policy de-velopments and trade promotion. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report on the strategy required by subsection (b) that— (1) describes how the strategy will— (A) focus on small- and medium-sized United States businesses; (B) encourage the creation and mainte-nance of the greatest number of clean energy technology jobs in the United States; and (C) encourage the domestic production of clean energy technology products and serv-ices, including materials, components, equip-ment, parts, and supplies related in any way to the product or service; and (2) may include recommendations for such legislative action as would facilitate car-rying out the strategy. f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Jack Gardner, a member of my staff, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY AND LEGACY OF ANITA ASHOK DATAR Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 354, S. Res. 347. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 347) honoring the memory and legacy of Anita Ashok Datar and condemning the terrorist attack in Bamako, Mali, on November 20, 2015. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action and debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 347) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of January 20, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2016 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Feb-ruary 2; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 11 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; further, that following morning business, the Senate resume consideration of S. 2012; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:41 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, February 2, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
R. DAVID HARDEN, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT, VICE NANCY E. LINDBORG. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS A CHAPLAIN UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
D012199 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
JASON B. BLEVINS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JAMES C. SULLIVAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
MARK R. BIEHL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.031 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S451 February 1, 2016 
To be major 
RYAN P. BRENNAN DANIEL C. HART TIMOTHY A. HUNTER TODD L. LOONEY PAUL E. PATTERSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be colonel 
SCOTT F. BARTLETT ROBERT G. CARRUTHERS CHARLES J. CARTER BRYAN J. COLEMAN WILLIAM F. CROCKER NICK DUCICH BRIAN W. ELLIS RODNEY T. FREEMAN KEVIN W. GALLAGHER SEAN E. GAVAN WALTER B. GIBSON ERIK T. GORDON SCOTT M. HOVIS AARON C. JORDAN JOHN A. LEBLANC JAMES E. MCFETRIDGE SESTHERS L. MELENDEZ JULIE M. MINDE FREDERICK A. NETTLES RICHARD F. OBERMAN TIMOTHY O. PETTIT JOHNNY C. RAMSEY, JR. ALEXANDER C. STEWART II MATTHEW D. STUBBS BLAIR E. TINKHAM KENNETH G. VERBONCOEUR 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
VICTOR M. ABELSON BENJAMIN T. ACKISON OSCAR ALANIS, JR. RYAN P. ALLEN RICHARD ALVAREZ CLAIRE M. AMDAHL EDWARD P. AMDAHL MARK R. AMSPACHER RICHARD A. ANDERSON ALEXANDER C. ARCINAS DAVID A. ARENAS DARRYL G. AYERS TASE E. BAILEY MATTHEW D. BAIN JONATHAN T. BAKER BRIAN W. BANN ADAM N. BARBORKA SEAN W. BARNES ROBERT M. BARNHART, JR. CARRIE C. BATSON JAMES F. BEAL MARC D. BEAUDREAU DALE R. BEHM RUSSELL A. BELT II RICARDO BENAVIDES CHRISTOPHER S. BENFIELD JONATHAN E. BIDSTRUP CHAD T. BIGNELL JAMES W. BIRCHFIELD III EDWARD J. BLACKSHAW CINDIEMARI BLAIR HORACE J. BLY JAMES R. BOOTH STEVEN B. BOWDEN KURT A. BOYD JERAMY W. BRADY JOHN N. BROGDON WARREN J. BRUCE GARTH W. BURNETT BRADLEY J. BUTLER WILLIAM G. BUTTERS NATHAN B. CAHOON TROY D. CALLAHAN BETH S. CANEPA CHRISTOPHER J. CANNON MICHAEL G. CARLE CHRIS E. CHARLES RYAN A. CHERRY JOHN M. CISCO CHRISTOPHER L. CLAFLIN MARSHALEE E. CLARKE EDMUND G. CLAYTON BRIAN N. CLIFTON GARY L. COBB JENNY A. COLEGATE PATRICK B. COLLINS JAMES R. COMPTON JON P. CONNOLLY PAUL J. CORCORAN WILLIAM C. COX SETH J. CRAWFORD KEVIN A. CRESPO MICHAEL A. CRIVELLO MATTHEW R. CROUCH ROMEO P. CUBAS DOUGLAS R. CULLINS THOMAS J. CUNNINGHAM III DENNIS B. DALTON MATTHEW C. DANNER BENJAMIN M. DAVENPORT BENJAMIN J. DEBARDELEBEN LISA A. DEITLE JOEL A. DELUCA DANA S. DEMER JAMES C. DERRICK DARYL L. DESIMONE STEVEN R. DESROSIERS JOHN M. DIAZ JOSUE M. DIAZ JOHN Q. DINH WILLIAM P. DOBBINS III CHAD A. DODD THOMAS F. DONO JAMES J. DUNPHY STEVEN J. EASTIN PETER B. ELTRINGHAM MATTHEW S. EMBORSKY BRYAN A. EOVITO MICHAEL R. ERICKSON JEAN P. EXANTUS RALPH L. FEATHERSTONE FOSTER C. FERGUSON ANTHONY J. FIACCO JASON A. FILOS CLAY T. FIMIANI DAVID M. FITZSIMMONS KATE E. FLEEGER JAMES F. FOLEY JAMES C. FORD III STEVEN M. FORD MARK C. FOWLER NICHOLAS L. GANNON JOSEPH M. GARAUX BRANDON J. GAUDREN KENNETH C. GAWRONSKI MICHAEL G. GEHRKI MARK P. GEORGE MISCA T. GETER STUART W. GLENN JOSE A. GONZALEZ II KEVIN J. GOODWIN GEOFFREY Z. GOSIK DAVID J. GRABOW THOMAS J. GRACE BRIAN R. GRANT BENJAMIN J. GRASS DAVID J. GUSTAFSON KWABENA K. GYIMAH MATTHEW E. HALL MICHAEL L. HALLIGAN II JAISUN L. HANSON BYRON R. HARDER MATTHEW C. HAWKINS MICHAEL G. HAYS BRENDAN J. HEATHERMAN WILLIAM G. HEIKEN MATHEW E. HEIL BRIAN J. HESLIN MICHAEL K. HICKS AARON R. HINMAN CEDAR L. HINTON WILLIAM D. HOOD FORREST W. HOOVER III SAMUEL E. HOWIE CHAD M. HUBBARD KEVIN G. HUNTER MICHAEL R. HYDE DAVID H. ICKLES AUGUST R. IMMEL FRED J. INGO III DENNIS J. IVAN RYAN A. JACOBS MATTHEW T. JAMES DAVID A. JANSEN STEVEN C. JOHNSON ANTHONY C. JOHNSTON KENNETH M. JONES MICHAEL J. KANSTEINER JASON P. KAUFMANN MICHAEL S. KEANE ERIC J. KEITH JOHN J. KENNELEY JONATHAN Q. KENNEY ADAM K. KESSEL KYLE R. KILIAN CHRISTOPHER N. KINSEY TARA J. KIPFER JOHN G. KOLB KORVIN S. KRAICS JOHN D. KRYSA JASON M. KUT JAY A. LAPPE BRIAN T. LAURENCE DAVID F. LAWRENCE WYLAND F. LEADBETTER III STEPHEN J. LEBO CEDRIC N. LEE JAMES R. LENARD ARIC C. LIBERMAN ROBERT E. LINGLER AARON C. LLOYD JOHN E. LOGAN III WILLIAM L. LOMBARDO LAWRENCE M. LOWMAN II CLIFFORD S. MAGEE MATTHEW A. MARKHAM GRIFFITH M. MARSHALL PAULA D. MARSHALL WILLIAM J. MATORY MITCHELL T. MAURY CHRISTOPHER B. MCARTHUR ROBERT G. MCCARTHY III KELLY A. MCCONNELL MATTHEW F. MCDONALD IAN K. MCDUFFIE MICHAEL P. MCFERRON CHRISTOPHER P. MCGUIRE MICHAEL W. MCKENNEY MATTHEW J. MCKINNEY ROBERT M. MCLELLAN CHARLES C. MCLEOD, JR. JASON MCMANIGLE BOYD R. MCMURTREY ERIC A. MEADOR RICARDO A. MEDAL MARCOS A. MELENDEZ III TAUNJA M. MENKE SEAN M. MERLIN RONNIE D. MICHAEL DANIEL W. MICKLIS ANDREW H. MILLS TIMOTHY W. MIX ERIC D. MONTALVO VINCENT M. MONTGOMERY TYLER J. MOORE SERGE P. MOROSOFF JOSEPH E. MOYE HOWARD MUI MATTHEW K. MULVEY MANUEL F. MUNOZ DANIEL M. MURPHY MARK E. MURPHY ROBERT N. MYERS, JR. EUGENE F. NAGY JOHN M. NASH VII DOMINIQUE B. NEAL CHRIS J. NELSON JOSHUA H. NELSON MATTHEW S. NICHOLS ROY J. NICKA JOHN P. NORMAN KENNETH J. OCONNOR, JR. DENNIS ODONNELL JEREMY P. OSBORNE WILLIAM V. OSBORNE III NEIL E. OSWALD TEGAN K. OWEN KATHRYN H. PAIK JENNIFER S. PARKER JOSEPH G. PARKER KRISTOPHER L. PARKER KATRINA D. PATILLO SEAN B. PATTON JAMES C. PAXTON III ANDREW T. PAYNTER STEPHEN T. PEARSON JEFFREY S. PELT AMOS J. PERKINS III MATTHEW R. PETER ERIK A. PETERSON ATIIM O. PHILLIPS MATTHEW E. POOLE RYAN C. POPE MISTY J. POSEY HENRY R. PROKOP JACOB L. PURDON JASON P. QUINTER ALEX J. RAMTHUN JOSHUA J. RANDALL GLEN J. REUKEMA JARET R. RHINEHART JASON D. ROACH JACOB Q. ROBINSON DARREN M. ROCK EDNA RODRIGUEZ MARCUS V. ROSSI PETER M. RUMMLER ANDREW A. RUNDLE MICHAEL J. SADDLER MARK F. SCHAEFER RICHARD R. SCHELLHAAS RYAN A. SCHILLER STEVEN M. SCHREIBER JAMES P. SCONFIETTI III JON C. SEE MARCO D. SERNA JASON A. SHARP DALLAS E. SHAW, JR. KEVIN A. SHEA GARY A. SHILL JASON R. SHOCKEY KYLE B. SHOOP WILLIAM G. SLACK DEVIN A. SMILEY MARK A. SMITH WILLIAM R. SMITH GREGORY STARACE GIUSEPPE A. STAVALE RICHARD R. STEELE DAWN M. STEINBERG SCOTT E. STEPHAN JOHN J. STEPHENS LATRESA A. STEWARD BRENT W. STRICKER JAMES I. STRICKLER MARK W. STROM JUAN P. SVENNINGSEN GREGORY T. SWARTHOUT JEFFREY M. SYKES SPENCER A. SZEWCZYK PHILIP J. TADENA CASEY L. TAYLOR BRANDON K. THOMAS DANIEL J. THOMAS GRAHAM E. THOMAS SEA S. THOMAS DAVID F. TOLAR DAMON M. TORRES ANDREW M. TURNER PHILIP A. TWEED RODOLFO S. URIOSTEGUI DILLON D. VADEN BRADLEY J. VANSLYKE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.006 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES452 February 1, 2016 
WILLIAM F. WALKER SEAN R. WALSH LUKE T. WATSON WILLIAM D. WEBER DALE H. WEBSTER MARK B. WEINRICH KEEGAN J. WELCH SCOTT F. WELCH SEAN L. WELCH RYAN D. WELKEN BRANDON L. WHITFIELD BRIAN B. WILCOX NICHOLAS R. WINEMAN MARK E. WOODARD JOHN D. WRAY MARK E. ZARNECKI MICHAEL D. ZIMMERMAN ANTHONY E. ZINNI KARA J. ZUMMO MATTHEW P. ZUMMO 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate February 1, 2016: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
RICARDO A. AGUILERA, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE. WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on Feb-ruary 1, 2016 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomination: 
JOHN MORTON, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT OF THE OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVEST-MENT CORPORATION, VICE MIMI E. ALEMAYEHOU, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JUNE 16, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.009 S01FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE71 February 1, 2016 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE KENTUCKY CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1966 AND COM-MENDING THE KENTUCKY COM-MISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS 
HON. JOHN A. YARMUTH 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th anniversary of the Ken-tucky Civil Rights Act of 1966, signed into law by Kentucky Governor Edward T. Breathitt on January 27, 1966. This pioneering legislation prohibited discrimination in employment and public accommodations based on race, color, national origin or religion, and I commend the Kentucky Commission on Human Rights for its steadfast work in enforcing it. Prior to passage of this measure, discrimi-nation and segregation in employment and public accommodations was not only accepted as the norm in Kentucky, it was often required by state law. Countless Kentucky citizens from all walks of life bravely fought and patiently worked to achieve passage of the law, over-coming seemingly insurmountable obstacles and countless setbacks. Through their hard work, Kentucky became the first state south of the Mason-Dixon Line to enact civil rights legislation that not only prohibited discrimination in employment and public accommodations, but also included ad-ministrative and judicial enforcement powers. At the time of its passage, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. proclaimed the Kentucky Civil Rights Act of 1966 to be ‘‘. . . the strongest and most comprehensive civil rights bill passed by a southern state,’’ and it rightly became a model for other states to enact legislation of their own. Since then, the Commission successfully expanded the law to prohibit discrimination in employment, public accommodations, housing, and credit transactions based on race, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, familial sta-tus, disability and smoking status. And in the 50 years since the passage of the Kentucky Civil Rights Act, the Kentucky Commission on Human Rights has filed, investigated, and ad-judicated more than eleven thousand com-plaints on discrimination on behalf of the citi-zens of Kentucky. Today, I want to commend the Kentucky Commission on Human Rights for their dedi-cation to upholding this landmark legislation for the last 50 years, and thank them for their tireless efforts to defeat discrimination throughout the Commonwealth. HONORING JEROME BLUM AND THE JEWISH WAR VETERANS OF THE USA HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the Jewish War Veterans of the USA and their National Commander, Jerome ‘‘Jerry’’ Blum. Mr. Blum paid his official visit to the JWV Florida Department on Sunday, Jan-uary 24th in Deerfield Beach. For 85 years, the Jewish War Veterans has ensured that the rich history of Jewish Ameri-cans’ service in our Armed Forces is not over-looked. In fact, over half a million Jewish Americans have served in major conflicts since World War II. This organization is unique in its efforts to combat bigotry and anti-Semi-tism while remaining inclusive of all veterans, regardless of race, religion, or ethnicity. Jerry Blum’s tenure as National Commander follows his honorable military service and long-standing involvement with the Jewish War Vet-erans. His past positions with the organization include Post Commander, Department Com-mander, and Department Quartermaster. He also publishes the Department of Connecti-cut’s newsletter, The Shout Out. He is a mem-ber of many other veteran service organiza-tions and has served as President of his syna-gogue. Outside the JWV, he and his wife are involved with Relay for Life and its efforts to raise funds for the American Cancer Society. I am proud to honor Jerry Blum, the Jewish War Veterans of America, and all the men and women who have defended our Nation through service in our armed forces. The debt we owe our veterans and those who selflessly serve them is immeasurable, and we must al-ways strive to be a nation worthy of their he-roic sacrifice. 
f 
HONORING MATTHEW M CCLINTOCK 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sergeant First Class Matthew McClintock—a dedicated husband, father, soldier, patriot and hero—who was killed last month while serving his country in Afghanistan. Matthew was born and raised in Albu-querque, New Mexico. He graduated from El-dorado High School in 2004 and spent two years at the University of New Mexico before joining the Army in 2006. After completing his training, he was assigned to the 1st Cavalry Division and deployed to Iraq in 2007. Mat-thew demonstrated that he was an exceptional soldier, and in May, 2009 he was selected for training in the U.S. Army Special Forces School. In November 2010, he was assigned to 1st Special Forces Group, at Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Washington and deployed to Afghanistan from August 2012 to May 2013. Following his second tour, Matthew left ac-tive duty and joined the Washington Army Na-tional Guard in December 2014 where he served as a Special Forces engineer sergeant. This past July, Matthew deployed to Afghani-stan as a member of the Washington Army National Guard’s Alpha Company, 1st Bat-talion, 19th Group. Despite having already served his country twice overseas, Matthew was eager to put on his uniform again and serve a third tour. On January 5, 2016, Matthew was killed during an hours-long battle near the city of Marjah, in the southern Helmand province. Matthew and his fellow Green Berets were on a mission advising their Afghan counterparts during the battle, where two of Matthew’s comrades were also injured. In total, since joining the Army, Matthew has been awarded four Army commendation medals, the Combat Infantryman Badge, and now the Purple Heart. In addition to his bravery on the field of bat-tle, Matthew was also a loving, devoted and adoring husband and father. Matthew and his wife Alexandra married on Christmas Eve 2012 and this past October, Matthew returned home to Tacoma, Washington in time for the birth of his first child, a beautiful boy named DecIan. After only a few weeks home, Mat-thew returned to his unit in Afghanistan. Following Matthew’s death, Major General Bret Daugherty, commander of the Wash-ington Guard, said, ‘‘Staff Sergeant McClintock was one of the best of the best. He was a Green Beret who sacrificed time away from his loved ones to train for and carry out these dangerous missions. This is a tough loss for our organization.’’ Matthew’s wife Alexandra added, ‘‘Matthew’s greatest wish was to be a father, a husband and a Green Beret. He got to do all of those things in his too short life. Declan will grow up knowing his father was the greatest man I’ve ever dreamed to know and a hero.’’ Matthew sacrificed his life overseas to pre-serve the freedom and liberty of millions of Americans. He fought to create a richer and safer life for his wife, his son and his fellow Americans. Matthew represents the very best of our country and his enduring legacy of serv-ice and sacrifice will remain a lasting inspira-tion for future generations. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE EXTRAOR-DINARY LIFE OF JUDGE GEORGE CARROLL 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the extraordinary life of Judge George Carroll, a prominent civic leader in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01FE8.001 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE72 February 1, 2016 
California’s 11th Congressional District and Richmond’s first African American lawyer, city councilmember and mayor. Judge Carroll died January 14, 2016 at age 94. Mr. Carroll was born into humble beginnings in Brooklyn, New York. His mother died when he was five, and he was raised by his sister Ruth who encouraged him to pursue a higher education. After serving in the Army, he suc-cessfully graduated from college and earned his degree in New York on the G.I. Bill. After his graduation, he worked at the District Attor-ney’s Office in Kings County, New York, for five years before moving to private practice. In 1952 he moved to the San Francisco Bay Area, finally settling in Richmond in 1954, where he opened his private practice and be-came an active community member. Mr. Carroll is widely acknowledged as the first African American lawyer in Richmond, California and was the first African American elected to its city council in 1961. In 1964, Mr. Carroll made history as the first African Amer-ican elected Mayor of Richmond, and is thought to be the first African American mayor of any large American city since Reconstruc-tion. He fought against discrimination and broke down barriers for African Americans to go to law school and to practice law in the Bay Area. George Carroll became the first black judge in Contra Costa when he was ap-pointed to the Bay Municipal Court by Gov-ernor Pat Brown in 1965. He served as a judge in West County until his retirement from the bench in 1982. During his service, Judge Carroll declined a promotion to the Superior Court in order to continue to work in Rich-mond. He was admired in the community as a leader, role model, and mentor to many. The Richmond Courthouse and a park in the Point Richmond District are fitting tributes to Judge Carroll. We are grateful for his myriad accom-plishments and for the countless contributions he made to our local community. I send my deepest condolences to his fam-ily, friends, and loved ones. Judge Carroll made an indelible impression on all of us. He will be missed. 
f 
HONORING JEFFREY A. BEEN OF THE LEGAL AID SOCIETY ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. JOHN A. YARMUTH 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the career of Louisville resident Jef-frey A. Been as he retires after 24 years of service at the Legal Aid Society in Louisville, Kentucky. Named Executive Director at the Legal Aid Society in 2005, Jeff’s legacy at the helm of this important organization includes leading the fight to maintain funding for legal services for the poor during the Great Recession, build-ing relationships with community partners to ensure that our city’s most disadvantaged neighbors have access to the courts and other supportive services, and expanding program-ming for homeowners, domestic violence vic-tims, and veterans. In his time at the organiza-tion, he also created innovative technology tools to help facilitate greater access to our justice system for all. Jeff served as Associate Director of the Legal Aid Society from 2000–2005 and as Project Director of the organization’s HIV/AIDS Legal Project from 1992–2000. Prior to his work at Legal Aid in Louisville, Jeff served as a prosecutor, judicial law clerk, staff attorney for the U.S. Court of Appeals, Seventh Circuit, and on the faculty at the Indiana School of Law. Jeff also founded the HIV/AIDS Legal Project of Indiana, one of the first programs in the nation to provide free legal services to people living with HIV disease. He is also the recipient of several awards for his professional service, including the Uni-versity of Louisville Brandeis School of Law Dean’s Service Award, the Louisville Bar As-sociation’s Justice Martin E. Johnstone Spe-cial Recognition Award, and the Kentucky Bar Association’s Donated Legal Service Award. On behalf of the people of Kentucky’s Third Congressional District and the City of Louis-ville, I extend my best wishes to Jeff as he be-gins a much deserved retirement. f 
IN HONOR OF NATIONAL SCHOOL CHOICE WEEK 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-ognition of National School Choice Week, celebrating choice in education across all fifty states. Every January, National School Choice Week shines a positive light on effective, per-sonal education options for every child and consists of 157 scheduled events occurring in communities across Iowa. National School Choice Week celebrates the different K–12 options and learning styles available to par-ents and students, and the importance to find the right individual fit for each child. Every stu-dent’s needs are unique—and a one-size-fits all education model is not beneficial to our children. A quality education is imperative for the suc-cess of future generations and our country, and National School Choice Week highlights the multitude of options available today: char-ter, magnet, public, and private schools, as well as homeschooling. I commend the charter and private schools operating in the First Dis-trict and I believe school choice is an impor-tant policy which can lead to better student outcomes. Today’s students cannot become tomor-row’s leaders without a vibrant education. I will continue to advocate for the best options for parents, students, teachers, and administra-tors to ensure the success of our children. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RICHARD J. ‘‘STRETCH’’ McGRATH, JR. 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Richard J. McGrath, Jr., who passed away on Saturday January 23, 2016. Richard was born September 26, 1958, in Warren, Ohio. The son of Richard and Anna Krysko McGrath, Sr., Richard was employed with the Trumbull County Sheriff’s Office for 25 years, where he was a Deputy Sheriff. He was also a School Resource Officer at Trum-bull Career and Technical Center. Always proud to serve his community Richard was serving as the President of the Trumbull County Deputies Fraternal Order of Police Lodge #137, a member of the Crime Clinic of Greater Youngstown and a former member of the Youngstown Model Railroad Association. His passions included woodworking and play-ing music on the keyboard. He loved his fam-ily, and all of his pets. Richard will be deeply missed by his family, friends, and community. He leaves behind his parents, of Warren; his wife, Leslie Faustino- McGrath of Liberty; his children, Ryan (Chris) McGrath, Amy (Dave) McGrath, Megan (Tori) McGrath, all of Warren; Jaryd Faustino of Gi-rard and Casey Faustino-Carpenter, (Zac), of Norfolk, VA; his granddaughter Avalenna Faustino and his sister Pat (Dave) Batzdorf, of Candia, NH, as well as numerous family and friends. Losses like this are never easy, but we can take solace in the fact that Richard left behind a legacy of love and community service that we can hope to carry on. Our community is in-debted to his years of selfless service. f 
CELEBRATING B.I. MOODY’S 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. CHARLES W. BOUSTANY, JR. 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 90th birthday of Braxton Isham Moody, or B.I. as we call him in Cajun Country. B.I. was born in the small town of Eunice in Southwest Louisiana on February 4, 1926. He graduated from Rayne High School in 1942 and enlisted in the United States Navy, where he served aboard the USS Ran- dolph in the Pacific theater. After the war, B.I. graduated from Southwestern Louisiana Insti-tute, now the University of Louisiana at Lafay-ette, in 1949. B.I.’s keen business sense led him on many successful ventures, founding the public ac-counting firm Moody, Broussard, Poche, and Guidry in Crowley, and serving as President and CEO of national restaurant group Chart House Inc., and as Chairman of the Board of First National Bank of Lafayette. Today, the University of Lafayette has named the College of Business Administration in B.I.’s honor thanks to his business success and his heart for the future of South Louisiana. I know B.I. as a pillar of our community, someone who worked hard to build successful businesses but never forgot where he came from. B.I. has always been generous with his time and resources to help others succeed, and to help build a better state of Louisiana. As B.I. celebrates 90 years, I ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing him for his many contributions to our country and wishing him many years of health and happiness to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.003 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE73 February 1, 2016 
HONORING THE NATIONAL ASSO-CIATION OF STATE DEPART-MENTS OF AGRICULTURE ON THEIR 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100th anniversary of the National Association of State Departments of Agri-culture (NASDA). NASDA is a non-profit, non- partisan organization which represents the commissioners, secretaries, and directors of agriculture from all fifty states and four U.S. territories. The State departments of agri-culture have served not only the farmers and ranchers of America, but also American con-sumers for a significant portion of our nation’s history. NASDA is a highly effective association which serves to grow and enhance agriculture by forging partnerships and creating con-sensus to achieve sound policy outcomes be-tween state departments of agriculture, the federal government, and stakeholders. These partnerships are apparent in the halls of al-most every office building in the District of Co-lumbia. I rely on the hard-working men and women in the Texas Department of Agriculture to provide me with perspectives on how fed-eral policy is impacting boots on the ground agriculture. I’m sure my colleagues rely on their state department of agriculture in similar ways. NASDA is an active partner with the United States Department of Agriculture through a longstanding cooperative agreement to employ a nationwide network of enumerators in sup-port of the mission of the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS). The data collected through this partnership informs a broad spec-trum of legislative and regulatory initiatives, in-cluding farm programs under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Agriculture which I have the honor to chair. NASDA and its members likewise play a critical role informing Congress and the execu-tive branch regarding the operation of federal and state programs covering everything from animal and plant health, food safety and mar-keting, nutrition, and literally hundreds of other consumer services. NASDA exists to amplify the unique voice of all state departments of agriculture. NASDA members are able to amplify their national voice by achieving consensus on otherwise contentious issues such as threatened and en-dangered species, agriculture labor, and water quality. Mr. Speaker, I join the members and stake-holders of NASDA in celebrating their 100th year of advocating for American agriculture. I wish NASDA many more years of public serv-ice to American agriculture at the critical nexus of state and federal policy. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BLACK HISTORY MONTH 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I rise in honor of Black History Month and its 2016 theme—Hallowed Grounds: Sites of African American Memories. This year’s theme re-flects on locations across the United States that are remembered for the important role each has played in pursuit of civil rights and justice. As Americans, it is important that we honor and celebrate our nation’s greatest advocates for freedom and equal rights for all. During this month and always, we pay tribute to the he-roes of American history as we recall the tre-mendous sacrifice and the immense struggle of those who fought, and continue to fight, for equality, and the remarkable impact their con-tributions have had in shaping our great na-tion. From generation to generation, from those who have experienced or witnessed events that have led to change to the young children who listen to stories of their grandparents or the lessons taught in school, locations, much like the names of those who have toiled in hopes of a better society, are forever engrained in the hearts and minds of the American people. From the birthplaces of our greatest African American leaders to stops along the Underground Railroad, from sites of tragic events that brought about change to the churches that have inspired hope among com-munities for generations, each is a reminder of the past and the progress we have made, while recognizing there is much more work to be done. As a lifelong resident of Northwest Indiana, born and raised in Gary, Indiana, I had the op-portunity to witness a truly historic moment. In November 1967, residents of Gary went to the polls and elected Richard Gordon Hatcher, a civil rights leader who spoke alongside Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., mayor of the city. His election, along with the election of Carl Burton Stokes of Cleveland, Ohio, marked the first time in our nation’s history that American cities with more than 100,000 residents would be led by African American mayors. In January 1968, Mayor Hatcher was sworn into office, a position in which he proudly served for the next twenty years. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distin-guished colleagues join me in celebrating Black History Month and honoring those who persevered in the name of equality and social justice. As we reflect on the many historic sites throughout America that have played such a critical role in changing our nation’s landscape, let us never forget the struggle of our predecessors while continuing the pursuit of the betterment of society for all. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND DEDI-CATED SERVICE OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S BELOVED CHIEF JIMMY CAGLE OF BERRYDALE 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and dedicated service of Chief Jimmy Cagle of Berrydale, Florida who died on January 24, 2016. Chief Cagle was a patriot, committed community leader, and de-voted family man, and Northwest Florida mourns his passing. For more than two decades, Chief Cagle served our Nation honorably in the United States Navy as a boiler tender and firefighter. Following his military service, Chief Cagle con-tinued his service to his local community and joined the Berrydale Volunteer Fire Depart-ment, where he served as Chief for 25 years. Under his steadfast leadership, the residents of the Berrydale community slept soundly, knowing that they are under the watchful eye of the Berrydale Volunteer Fire Department. Through his service, Chief Cagle became a staple in Northwest Florida. Those who knew him best can truly attest to his selflessness and compassion. He will be remembered for devotion to the Berrydale community and fire department, which was rivaled only by his love for his family. On behalf of the United States Congress, I am honored to recognize the life of Chief Jimmy Cagle. My wife Vicki and I extend our heartfelt prayers and deepest condolences to his wife of 25 years, Debbie; daughter, Conda and her husband, Randy Sasser; son, Jim; grandchildren, Kassie and her husband, Matt DiMase, Lt. Josh Sasser and his wife, Katie, Chelsea and her husband, Staff Sgt. Cody Belcher, and Kaitlyn, Brianna, and Cody Pugh; great-grandchildren: Reece, Kolby, Kennedy, Landon, Mattingly, and Macelynn; and the en-tire Cagle and fire department families. f 
HONORING MR. RONALD V. DELLUMS 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Ronald V. Dellums on the occasion of his 80th birthday. Mr. Dellums has had an incred-ible career in public service, advocating for change and reform in many areas of govern-ment affairs. A proud Oakland native. Ron attended both McClymonds and Oakland Technical High School, and went on to graduate from San Francisco State University after serving for two years in the United States Marine Corps. He later obtained his Masters of Social Work from the University of California, Berkeley. Mr. Dellums began his career as a psy-chiatric social worker and political activist for the African-American community. In 1967, he was elected to the Berkeley City Council, where he provided three years of extraor-dinary service. In 1970, he was elected to serve the 9th Congressional District of Cali-fornia in the United States House of Rep-resentatives. During his 27-year tenure in Congress, Mr. Dellums fought strongly for peace, justice and equality. As a freshman member, he adamantly spoke in opposition to the Vietnam War, going as far as setting up an exhibit of war crimes next to his office. For fourteen years, he campaigned to end the apartheid policies in South Africa. In 1986, the U.S. House of Representatives passed his sponsored legislation, the Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act, which placed trade restric-tions against South Africa and led to imme-diate withdrawal by American firms. Although the bill had broad bipartisan support, it was vetoed by President Ronald Reagan. How-ever, the Senate and the House overrode 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01FE8.006 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE74 February 1, 2016 
Reagan’s veto, making it the first ever override of a presidential foreign policy veto. Mr. Del-lums served as Chairman of the House Com-mittee on Armed Services where he advo-cated for the inclusion of gays and lesbians in the military. Furthermore, Ron co-founded the Congressional Black Caucus in 1971, an orga-nization representing African-American mem-bers of the United States Congress. Mr. Dellums retired from Congress in 1998 but continued his public service as a legisla-tive lobbyist in Washington, D.C. He served many clients including the Peralta Community College District, AC Transit, and the San Fran-cisco International Airport. In 2006, he was elected Mayor of Oakland and he immediately worked to address the city’s public safety issues by implementing a community policing program and was able to bring the city’s police force to 837 officers, the highest in the Depart-ment’s history. On a personal note, I am honored to have served as an intern and member of Ron’s staff for eleven years. He taught his staff to stand on principle and for what was right, even if it was politically unpopular. He reminded me and his entire staff to provide quality con-stituent services and casework, for we were hired to ‘‘serve the people.’’ Ron also taught us the art and skill of negotiation, even with those we disagree with, and to achieve results without compromising our principles. He ex-emplified the finest in public service and set a new standard for elected officials. For that, we are deeply grateful. Today, California’s 13th Congressional Dis-trict, celebrate the extraordinary life and serv-ice of Mr. Ronald V. Dellums and wish him continued success, happiness, and well-being for many years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JAMES B. FLAWS 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize a constituent, James B. Flaws, who re-cently retired after a 42-year career with Cor-ning Incorporated. Jim joined Corning Inc. as a financial ana-lyst in 1973. He quickly worked his way up the corporate ladder and into the company’s exec-utive leadership. He has spent the past 22 years in various leadership positions, including chief financial officer, vice chairman, and a member of the company’s board of directors. Jim has managed countless projects and stra-tegic initiatives, from the spin-off of Corning Inc.’s healthcare businesses in 1996 to the ac-quisition of the Samsung Corning Precision Materials business in 2014. Jim’s outstanding work earned him the dis-tinction of being named to the Conference Board’s prestigious Council of Finance Execu-tives. In addition, he was recognized as one of America’s Best CFOs three times by Institu-tional Investor magazine. Jim has spent the past four decades serving his local community in our shared hometown of Corning, New York. He has served on the boards of trustees for the Corning Museum of Glass, the Corning Foundation, and the United Way of the Southern Tier. In addition, Jim was instrumental in the founding of the Corning Children’s Center, which provides high-quality care and education to local children. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Jim Flaws on a remarkable 42-year ca-reer with Corning Inc., and wishing him all the best in his retirement. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND LEG-ACY OF THE LEGENDARY LU-THER R. ‘‘LUKE M
CCOY’’ EASON 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the life and legacy of the leg-endary Luther R. ‘‘Luke McCoy’’ Eason. His contributions to our great Nation and the last-ing impact he has made on the local North-west Florida community will be felt for years to come, and the entire Gulf Coast region mourns the passing of this truly talented and remarkable man. An Alabama native, Luke moved to Pensa-cola, Florida in high school in 1956. Upon graduation the following year from Pensacola High School, Luke honorably served in the United States Army as part of the 82nd Air-borne Division and later in the United States Marine Corps. During his military service, Luke saw combat in Vietnam, and he was awarded the Purple Heart for injuries sustained while defending our Nation. In the 1960s, Luke hit the airwaves, begin-ning his exceptionally successful career in broadcasting. While he could be heard throughout the country—in Cincinnati, Denver, and Chattanooga—it was most notably in Pen-sacola, where he became well known as a disk jockey and a beloved Talk Radio person-ality. In 1993, Luke joined WCOA first as co- host of the morning program and then became the distinguished voice of ‘‘Pensacola Speaks,’’ holding the longest tenure of any former host. After 40 years in the radio industry, Luke hung up the headphones and microphone in 2008, spending his retirement days with his wife Kathy in her native South Carolina, where he enjoyed his other passion—motorcycles and the thrill of the ride. To some Luke McCoy will be remembered as a fellow comrade on the battlefield; to oth-ers he will be remembered as the ‘‘Common Man’s Intellectual’’ and for his company and entertainment over the airwaves; to his friends and family, he will be most fondly remembered as a loving husband, father, grandfather, and friend. On behalf of the United States Congress, I am honored to recognize the life and legacy of Luke McCoy. My wife Vicki and I extend our heartfelt prayers and deepest condolences to his wife, Katherine Felton ‘‘Kathy’’ Eason of North Augusta, South Carolina; son, Michael Holzapfel and his wife, Roxana, of Tempe, Ari-zona; daughters Sarah Paige and her hus-band, Michael, and Jeanie Cossman of Pen-sacola; grandchildren, Cassidy Paige, Emma Cossman and Alex Cossman of Pensacola; sister, Bonnie Eason Alverson of Gulf Breeze; brother, Benjamin L. Eason and his wife, Bar-bara, of Arlington, Virginia; and the entire Eason family. HONORING THE NATIONAL CARES MENTORING MOVEMENT HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the National CARES Mentoring Movement on the occasion of its 10th Anniver-sary Gala, ‘‘For the Love of Our Children: A National Call to Commitment.’’ On January 25, 2016, National CARES celebrated the work it has done to break the cycle of intergenera-tional Black poverty, and its deepening com-mitment to the critical work that remains. Founded by Susan L. Taylor in 2006 under the moniker ‘‘Essence CARES’’, the National CARES Mentoring Movement was established to protect and elevate our nation’s most vul-nerable children. Ms. Taylor’s vision for Es-sence CARES first arose in 2005, in the after-math of Hurricane Katrina. Today, the National CARES Mentoring Movement has grown into an organization fo-cused on community mobilization comprised of local affiliates in 58 cities across the nation. These affiliates recruit, train, and place men-tors in schools and youth-serving programs. To date, more than 150,000 men and women have served as CARES mentors with organi-zations such as Big Brothers Big Sisters, the Boys and Girls Clubs of America, and many more. The National CARES Mentoring Movement is the only national organization working with youth groups and schools to build culturally competent STEM-literacy training and work-force-readiness programs. Its initiatives, known as ‘‘The Risings,’’ are working to build capacity in some of our nation’s most blighted black communities. Designed to heal trauma and transform lives, The Rising initiatives focus on the academic, social, and emotional development of children who are living in deep poverty. One of the initiatives, known as HBCU Ris-ing, is based in Atlanta and is designed to be replicated through the Historically Black Col-leges and Universities (HBCU) system. It inter-weaves strong workforce-development and ca-reer-readiness skills for college-student men-tors and the middle school children they serve. The Rising also operates in challenged high schools across the nation, guiding students through interactive lessons designed to en-courage critical thinking skills, excellence in academics, and preparation for success in col-lege and careers. On a personal note, I want to thank Susan for her wise counsel, her tremendous leader-ship, her inspiration and her friendship. It is her loving spirit that keeps us hopeful for a better world for our children. This milestone in her life reminds us that we too must and can lead a purposeful life to secure the future for our children. For this, along with so many who honor and celebrate her at this important mo-ment in her journey, I am deeply grateful. On behalf of the residents of California’s 13th Congressional District, I congratulate the National CARES Mentoring Movement on 10 years of exemplary service. We wish them continued success as they continue to work to ensure the healing, social, and academic wellness of some of our nation’s most de-fenseless—African-American children. Again, I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.004 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE75 February 1, 2016 
wish the National CARES Mentoring Move-ment well as it strives to end intergenerational poverty in our African-American communities. 
f 
HONORING CORBEN CRITES 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Corben Crites of Farmington, Missouri for his outstanding achievement of receiving his Eagle Scout Award. This award is not easily attained and cannot be achieved without a steadfast determination to succeed. In order to receive this award, Corben com-pleted an Eagle project that exemplifies patri-otism and his commitment to serve others. To help better meet the needs of Farmington area students, Corben constructed a 166-foot walk-way and two benches in a designated student pickup area at the Farmington Senior High School. At a young age Corben has shown values such as honesty, loyalty, and civility that in-spire others. He has shown commitment to good citizenship, physical fitness, and edu-cation. By learning important survival skills and first aid, he has made himself an asset to our community, as well as the nation. Corben is a role model for young and old alike and it is my pleasure to recognize his achievements before the House of Representatives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND COMMENDING ROBERT T. E. KAO FOR HIS CON-TRIBUTIONS TO THE COMMUNITY OF GUAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate Mr. Robert T. E. Kao for his service and selfless contributions to the community of Guam. Robert has dedi-cated his life to helping others as a true hu-manitarian and philanthropist. Robert was born in China in 1939. He grew up in the eastern province of Shandong where he developed his knowledge of Confucius teachings. Robert and his siblings were raised by an older brother in Taiwan after their par-ents passed away when Robert was just a toddler. Robert was a teacher in Taiwan and he married his wife, Anna in 1967. The Kaos moved to Guam in 1971 when Anna accepted a military contract position for furniture con-cession. Within a year Anna opened Genghis Khan Furniture and by 1995 her business be-came the premier Asian and contemporary fur-niture store in Guam. She opened ten stores between 1972 and 1995 in Guam, California and China. Anna contributes the success of the family to the support of her husband who served as the vice president of Genghis Khan Furniture while guiding their children and doing charitable work. Together they have two children and now three grandchildren. Both of their children have found success in their pro-fessions in the United States mainland. During a very difficult time for many people of Taiwan, Robert served as Overseas China’s Affairs Commissioner. He used his personal resources to locate and reunite hundreds of families who were separated from their fami-lies in China. Many families were separated for more than 30 years and forbidden to com-municate by both China and Taiwan laws. Robert put himself at great risk to assist and reconnect thousands of people. Additionally, Robert has been a member of the fraternal organization the Freemasons for over 40 years, and has supported the Shriners Hospital through his position as a Noble of the Mystic Shrine of North America. He has served twice as the president of the Chinese Association of Guam and the president of the Confucian Society of Guam. During his term as president of the Confucian Society of Guam, he lobbied the Guam Legislature to de-clare September 28, Confucius’ birthday, as Teachers’ Appreciation Day to remind all stu-dents of the value of honoring educators. Rob-ert was also a founding member and first president of the Federation of Asian People. He has also assisted with building the Chinese School of Guam and the Tamuning Chinese Park in Guam. Robert has helped students ac-quire scholarships to attend the University of Taiwan and has supported numerous local and national charities. Robert worked diligently throughout his time on Guam and demonstrated true and genuine care for the people he gave his time to serve. I congratulate Mr. Robert T. E. Kao for his life and I join the people of Guam in commending him, his wife Anna and their family for their many contributions. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 40TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE GOVERN-MENTAL PRAYER BREAKFAST OF PENSACOLA, FLORIDA 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the Governmental Prayer Breakfast of Pensacola, Florida. The hand of God has guided this country from the Pilgrims’ landing at Plymouth Rock in 1620 through today. Without God and faith, our Nation simply would not exist. Indeed, our Founders pledged their lives, fortunes, and sa-cred honor to the Declaration of Independence ‘‘with a firm reliance on the protection of Di-vine Providence,’’ and we can look back far past 1776 to see that God has always been a part of the fabric of American life. One hun-dred fifty-six years before the Declaration of Independence, the first Pilgrims at the Plym-outh Colony signed the Mayflower Compact affirming that the very reason for settling in what would become the United States was ‘‘for the glory of God, and advancement of the Christian faith.’’ The Constitution may make no specific mention of God, but it reflects the religious principles that a diverse group of thinkers used to guide this country throughout history. While there are some Americans who think that politics and faith cannot coexist and be-lieve that prayer and public service do not mix, many of us believe that our Nation’s leaders need faith as a guide. We need it because man alone is imperfect and flawed. We need God’s direction in our lives because our Amer-ican freedom rests not on the written words of our founding documents, but on the moral strength of the American people. George Washington believed that ‘‘It is impossible to rightly govern the world without God and Bible.’’ Freedom is only possible if men be-lieve in God and seek to do His will in their lives and for this country. In order to live our lives as servants of the Lord, our Founders recognized that we must look to prayer. Prayer has been a guiding prin-ciple of private citizens and public officials alike, and prayer has long been used to open important public meetings and events. In fact, the tradition dates back to at least September 7, 1774, when Reverend Jacob Duche deliv-ered a prayer to open the First Continental Congress. This tradition continues today, with Congress opening its daily sessions with a prayer offered by the House Chaplain or a guest chaplain, and the religious history of our Nation is also reflected in our National Motto— ‘‘In God We Trust’’—the National Day of Pray-er, and the Pledge of Allegiance, amongst many others. Just as our Founders looked to prayer, elected officials and community leaders at all levels of life and government continue the sa-cred tradition of prayer. This is the very es-sence behind the founding of the Govern-mental Prayer Breakfast of Pensacola. Since it was established four decades ago by a group of ministers from the Greater Cantonment- Ensley Ministerial Alliance in Escambia Coun-ty, Florida, this annual tradition has gathered hundreds of Northwest Floridians, including elected and appointed officials, together to pray for our Nation and all levels of our gov-ernment. Our Father gave America its democracy, its prosperity, and its liberty because America has embraced God’s will for its future. But we must continue to keep our faith in God in order to keep our faith in government. It was not our Founders’ intent to keep God out of government, but to keep the government out of the church. As Thomas Jefferson wrote, ‘‘The constitutional freedom of religion is the most inalienable and sacred of all human rights.’’ We establish no religion in this coun-try, nor should we. But we continue to honor the Lord and the blessings of liberty and free-dom that he has bestowed upon this Nation, and by bringing together leaders of Faith from all levels, Pensacola’s Governmental Prayer Breakfast honors the Lord and the founding principles of this great Nation. On behalf of the United States Congress, I would like to recognize the Governmental Prayer Breakfast’s founding members and those who have followed in their footsteps in helping to preserve its original mission of en-couraging moral and spiritual values in gov-ernment. My wife Vicki joins me in congratu-lating all of its members and past participants on this important milestone and thanking them all for their service to God and country. We wish them continued success, and may God continue to bless Northwest Florida, leaders of all levels of government, and all Americans across this great Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.006 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE76 February 1, 2016 
REMEMBERING LIEUTENANT COM-MANDER ROBERT DUNLAP HOL-LAND, JR. 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great sadness that I rise to announce the passing of LCDR (Ret.) Robert Dunlap Hol-land, Jr. of Annandale, Virginia on January 20, 2016, at the age of 89. He is survived by Bar-bara, his loving wife of 59 years; his daughter Anne and son-in-law Richard McFarland of Springfield, Virginia; his son Thomas Chris-topher, daughter-in-law Lisa, and stepson Cody Doss of Jupiter, Florida; his sister Phyllis Eggleston of Norfolk, Virginia; and many nieces, nephews, cousins, and special friends. LCDR Holland was born in Norfolk, Virginia on November 18, 1926, to Gladys Matthews Holland and Robert Dunlap Holland. He was raised in Norfolk and graduated from Maury High School in 1944. Upon graduation, LCDR Holland went to Emory and Henry College as part of the Navy’s V–12 program. He subse-quently attended the University of Virginia, graduating in 1949 from the Naval ROTC pro-gram where he earned a degree in commerce and a reserve commission in the United States Navy. When the Korean War broke out, the Navy activated his commission as part of the contingent invading Inchon. Upon returning to the United States, LCDR Holland trained as a gunfire liaison officer at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. After leaving active service, LCDR Holland relocated to Annapolis, Maryland, to manage a small loan office. In 1954, he met his future wife, Barbara Claire Harkins. They married in 1956. In 1960, Robert, Barbara, and their two children moved to Annandale where he began a career in banking. He was tremendously proud of both his service in the United States Navy Reserve and to be a part of the First Vir-ginia Bank Family. Mr. Speaker, LCDR Holland and his family represent the very best of America’s Greatest Generation. We rise to honor and thank them for their service to our Nation and to wish them Fair Winds and Following Seas. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNIVER-SITY OF ALABAMA NATIONAL CHAMPION FOOTBALL TEAM 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the University of Alabama football team on winning the College Football Playoff National Championship. This marks Alabama’s NCAA-record 16th national championship. As a diehard Alabama football fan, I loved watching this team because they played with such a strong competitive spirit and refused to be denied. The team was incredibly well- rounded and balanced in all three phases of the game. Each week, it seemed like a dif-ferent player would step up and make a big play. That is an important trademark of a true team. I am especially proud of the players from Southwest Alabama who contributed to the team’s success. Quarterback Jake Coker is a Mobile native who played high school football at St. Paul’s Episcopal School. In the cham-pionship game, Coker threw for over 300 yards and two touchdowns. It was a very gritty and impressive effort, just like Coker’s entire college career. Helping to lead the way for Coker and Ala-bama’s Heisman-winning running back was former Davidson High School standout Al-phonse Taylor. As the starting right guard on the offensive line, Taylor and his teammates on the offensive line were rewarded for their outstanding play by winning the inaugural Joe Moore Award. This award goes to the nation’s top offensive line each season. It was a well- deserved honor. Alabama’s run to the national championship was marked by outstanding play from the de-fense. That defense included former Daphne High School star Ryan Anderson. Anderson was a dominating force who racked up six sacks on the year. He played some of his best football down the stretch in the SEC Cham-pionship Game and again in the College Foot-ball Playoff games. I know opposing quarter-backs will be fearing him next season as well. Mr. Speaker, this Alabama squad played as a team and in a way that should make every Alabamian proud. To the players, coaches, support staff, and the University of Alabama administration, I want to say congratulations and Roll Tide. f 
HONORING THE LIFELONG SERV-ICE OF COLONEL JOSEPH SPIELBAUER 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute the service of Colonel Joseph Spielbauer, whose dedication to excellence and sacrifices for public service spanned more than 25 years of active duty military service and over 20 additional years of public service to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Colonel Spielbauer was commissioned a 2nd Lieutenant in Field Artillery from Gonzaga University, in May 1967. He immediately shipped out to Fort Sill, Oklahoma for officer basic training followed by Airborne training and the grueling Ranger course at Fort Benning, the home of Infantry at Fort Benning, Georgia. He earned both his paratrooper wings and the prestigious Ranger tab prior to his first assignment to the famed 82nd Air-borne Division. After duty with the 82nd Airborne Division, Colonel Spielbauer was reassigned to combat duty with the 1st Infantry Division in the Re-public of Vietnam, where he served as an artil-lery firing battery commander. Following com-bat duty, he returned to the United States and completed the artillery officer advance course, the advanced maintenance course, and rig-orous infantry pathfinder training. Colonel Spielbauer’s next assignment was in Germany, where he first served as an artil-lery service battery commander and then as the Group S–3 (plans and operations) officer. As Vietnam drew down and the Cold War heated up, the Army decided to station a com-bat ready Ranger battalion in Europe. The leaders of this elite fighting force went through a vigorous screening process. Colonel Spielbauer’s outstanding service record and demonstrated potential for greater responsi-bility earned him the challenging assignment as the first Fire Support Coordinator for the European Ranger battalions. He excelled in this duty and was subsequently assigned to teach at the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, where he was responsible for helping to train the next generation of military leaders. Colonel Spielbauer and his family then moved to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, where he completed the Army’s resident Command and General Staff College. He then returned to Europe for the next 7.5 years. In Europe, Colonel Spielbauer served in numerous posi-tions of escalating responsibility. He initially served as the plans officer for the 59th Ordi-nance Brigade. His initiative, hard work, and dedication to excellence earned him the op-portunity to command the 294th Army Artillery Group. This difficult job carried the heavy re-sponsibilities of nuclear fire support for NATO and numerous challenging host nation support requirements. Colonel Spielbauer did an out-standing job in this assignment. He earned the rare opportunity to then command the 552nd Army Artillery Group. He spent 5 years com-manding high profile, high risk nuclear units. Colonel Spielbauer’s demonstrated potential for greater responsibility earned him a slot in the resident Army War College class. This is the most senior Army school, reserved for the absolute best Army leaders. After graduation, he was selected for a prestigious staff/faculty position at the War College. Colonel Spielbauer’s final assignment was the Senior Army Advisor to the Commanding General of the 28th Infantry Division/Pennsylvania Na-tional Guard. Colonel Spielbauer retired from active duty in September 1992 and transitioned to civilian service for the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania. Colonel Spielbauer held several important positions in Pennsylvania including his role as the Director of the Base Development Com-mittee and his current position as Executive Director of the PA Military Community En-hancement Commission. Joe was directly re-sponsible for bringing together all of the dis-connected military operations in Pennsylvania and preparing a unified strategy to expand the military presence through the 2005 Base Re- Alignment & Closure (BRAC). Colonel Spielbauer approached this daunting responsi-bility with the same unflinching dedication and professionalism that he employed to achieve military mission accomplishments. The un-questionable success of Colonel Spielbauer’s detailed planning, meticulous execution and foresight can be seen throughout Pennsyl-vania, as military programs expand and em-ployment grows. Throughout his long and successful career, Colonel Spielbauer has faithfully executed his diverse duties with great professionalism. He is a ‘‘Soldier’s Soldier’’ and a consummate professional. Colonel Spielbauer’s outstanding career reflects great honor and credit upon himself, his family, and our nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE8.011 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE77 February 1, 2016 
INTERNATIONAL FOOTPRINT AS-SOCIATION TO HOST PANCAKE BREAKFAST FOR HEROES 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-ognition of a special event that took place in my district to honor public safety personnel. On January 23, 2016, Chapter 63 of the Inter-national Footprint Association hosted ‘‘Break-fast for Heroes’’ to show their appreciation for the tireless work done by public safety agen-cies in the High Desert region of California. ‘‘Breakfast for Heroes’’ took place at the El Pescador Restaurant in Victorville, California and the public was encouraged to attend to show their appreciation. This is the first time that Chapter 63 held a breakfast event to honor High Desert public safety personnel and they anticipated a large turnout of attendees. Attendees were able to take tours of an am-bulance, fire truck, and police vehicles. All pro-ceeds from the event goes towards the Chap-ter 63 Scholarship Program. The International Footprint Association is a non-profit commu-nity benefit organization whose mission is to foster positive relations between law enforce-ment and the public. During my time as a leg-islator, I have worked with this organization on numerous occasions and have always been impressed with the work they do in our com-munities. I strongly encouraged my constitu-ents to attend ‘‘Breakfast for Heroes’’ to show their support for the men and women who put their lives on the line every day. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CITY OF AURO-RA’S 30TH ANNUAL COMMEMORA-TION OF DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the city of Aurora’s 30th annual commemoration of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. The commemoration, ‘‘The Promise of Democ-racy: Breaking Barriers and Borders,’’ will allow our city to reflect upon and appreciate the rich diversity that creates the vibrant com-munity we call home. I commend the City of Aurora, Mayor Steve Hogan, the City Council and especially my longtime friend, Dr. Shannon-Banister, who is the founder of this celebration, for all of their continuing steadfast support of the only week- long celebration in the State of Colorado. I am proud to call the city of Aurora my home. This past September, Aurora erected a life size statue at our own Martin Luther King, Jr. Library as a constant reminder of Dr. King’s selfless dedication to the pursuit of social jus-tice and as an inspiration to continue this pur-suit. On Monday, the statue will also serve as an embodiment of Dr. King’s very tangible presence in Aurora. I am confident that if Dr. King were alive today, he would smile upon the kind words and gestures, hours of service, and bonds of friendship that will be offered in his honor this day. His legacy as a champion for equality and peace in this country still shine, Dr. King would be proud as many fellow champions continue in his tradition and promote his dream. As we remember Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., let us embrace and invite all cultures to join us in the brotherhood Dr. King so boldly imagined and let our actions echo his words: ‘‘This is not the time to engage in the cooling off or to take the tranquility drugs of gradualism. Now is the time to make real the promises of de-mocracy. Now is the time to rise from the dark and desolate valley of segregation to the sunlit path of racial justice. Now is the time to open the doors of opportunity to all of God’s chil-dren.’’ I proudly pledge my support to the residents of Aurora as they embrace Dr. King’s vision for our country and as they work to make that vision a reality. f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF MOLLY H. BOGEN 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to publicly applaud and praise the exceptional work of one of Dallas’s finest residents, Ms. Molly H. Bogen. For over forty years, Ms. Bogen has been a champion for the senior citizens of Texas in her role as the Director of Operations for Senior Source. The Dallas-based entity has worked tirelessly to meet nearly every need of our elderly popu-lation, a feat that would not have been pos-sible without Ms. Bogen’s resourcefulness, de-votion, and endless compassion. Ms. Bogen has dedicated her entire life to dutifully serving her community. She first re-ceived her undergraduate degree from South-ern Methodist University, before moving to United of Texas at Arlington to pursue her Master’s of Science in Social Work. This would allow her to become officially licensed by the Texas State Board to practice social work, and begin her exemplary career. Her work with the elderly is now legendary, and she has since come to be recognized as a Distinguished Alumni by both of her alma mat-ers. Through her work with Senior Source, Ms. Bogen has cemented a legacy that is rooted in the immense imprint she has left on the senior community of Texas and the nation at large. Her appointment as the President and CEO of the organization in 1976 brought about expansion and growth. Recognizing a gap in the community, Ms. Bogen introduced a series of programs devoted to supporting senior citizens with employment, financial management, advocacy and companionship. As such, the organization has now become one of the country’s most renowned senior- service providers, and this was in no small part due to the immense love, respect and kindness that Ms. Bogen imparted into her daily work. Her selfless passion will no doubt continue to inspire her dedicated fifty-six-mem-ber staff, as they continue to perform and cul-tivate Ms. Bogen’s incredible work. Mr. Speaker, the extraordinary compassion shown by Ms. Bogen over the course of her four-decade career is a testament to her mag-nificent character and commitment to her com-munity. The people of North Texas owe her a tremendous debt of gratitude and wish her all of the best in her retirement. It is hard earned, and may it be one of contentment and joy. f 
HONORING FREDA ROSENSHEIN AND THE JEWISH WAR VET-ERANS LADIES AUXILIARY 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the Ladies Auxiliary of the Jewish War Veterans and their National President, Freda Rosenshein. Ms. Rosenshein paid her official visit to the JWVA Florida Department on Sunday, January 24th in Deerfield Beach. For 85 years, the JWVA has ensured that the rich history of Jewish Americans’ service in our Armed Forces is not overlooked. In fact, over half a million Jewish Americans have served in major conflicts since World War II. This organization is unique in its efforts to combat bigotry and anti-Semitism while re-maining inclusive of all veterans, regardless of race, religion, or ethnicity. Freda Rosenshein’s tenure as Ladies Auxil-iary President follows her distinguished history of service to the JWVA. She knows first-hand the sacrifice of our veterans and their families, as her father served in World War II, her grandfather served in World War I, and her husband served in Vietnam. Her maternal grandparents were charter members of the JWVA. Ms. Rosenshein served three times as the New Jersey Department President and played an integral role in establishing the David Blick Post No. 63 and Auxiliary in Eliza-beth, New Jersey. During her visit to Florida. she continued her service to veterans by visiting the Ronald McDonald House in Fort Lauderdale and the VA Hospital in West Palm Beach, where she granted a wish to a veteran in hospice care as part of the JWVA Grant-A-Wish Program. I am proud to honor Freda Rosenshein, the Ladies Auxiliary of the Jewish War Veterans of America, and all the men and women who have defended our Nation through service in our Armed Forces. The debt we owe our vet-erans and those who selflessly serve them is immeasurable, and we must always strive to be a nation worthy of their heroic sacrifice. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SISTER MARGARET CARNEY 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Sister Margaret Carne on her up-coming retirement from St. Bonaventure Uni-versity. Sister Margaret has served as president of St. Bonaventure since 2004. During her ten-ure, she has cultivated a vibrant college com-munity by enhancing curriculum, promoting di-versity, and developing various strategic initia-tives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.009 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE78 February 1, 2016 
Sister Margaret has held several leadership positions throughout her career. Prior to being inaugurated as president of St. Bonaventure University, she served as dean and director of the Franciscan Institute of St. Bonaventure. In addition, she previously served as chair of the board of directors of the Association of Catho-lic Colleges and Universities, and a member of the Committee on Education of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops. In recognition of her outstanding achieve-ments and contributions, Sister Margaret has been awarded nine honorary doctorate de-grees. She has also been honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award from Business First of Buffalo and the Citation Award from the National Federation of Just Communities. Sister Margaret truly exemplifies the Fran-ciscan values of pursuing knowledge and serving others. She has had a profound and lasting impact on students, faculty, and the en-tire St. Bonaventure community. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Sister Margaret Carney on a remarkable career, and wishing her all the best in her up-coming retirement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BOB AND MARIE GALLO 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Bob and Marie Gallo, who will be awarded the Robert J. Car-doza Citizen of the Year—Lifetime Achieve-ment Award from the Modesto Chamber of Commerce, for their unwavering commitment to their community. Bob Gallo was born in Modesto, California to Julio and Aileen Gallo. He spent his early years on their family ranch and graduated from Modesto High School. He continued his education at Oregon State University, grad-uating with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business and Technology in 1956. Bob served in the United States Navy for two years aboard the USS Yorktown. Marie also was born in Modesto, California to former Superior Court Judge Frank C. and Mae Damrell. Graduating a year after Bob at Modesto High School, Marie attended Notre Dame de Namur University in Belmont where she received a Bachelor of Arts Degree and her elementary teaching credentials. Following her graduation, she came back to California where she started teaching at Alamo Elemen-tary School in San Francisco. As if it were written in the stars, Marie returned to Modesto and married the love of her life, Bob. Both Bob & Marie have a strong belief in improving the quality of life for the people in their community. Their contributions of time and money are well documented in the numer-ous organizations they are involved in. Bob Gallo has been active in the United Way, the Grand Jury, Community Action Com-mission, King-Kennedy Center, Rotary Inter-national, Human Rights Commission, Sierra Club, Audubon Society, Nature Conservancy, and on the Board of Trustees of the University of California, Merced. In addition, he has worked to expand the Modesto Union Gospel Mission and received an award from The Sal-vation Army for his leadership in raising mone-tary funds. He has served on the board of American Farmland Trust and was the driving force behind the San Joaquin National Wildlife Refuge. Currently, Bob is Co-Chairman of the Board of E. & J. Gallo Winery. Not to be out-done by her husband, Marie has been a part of the Modesto Symphony Orchestra and Guild, where she established the Picnic at the POPS concert, which has been held annually on the winery grounds since 1995. She is also a founder of the Catholic Honorary Social Service Guild, an honorary member of the Mo-desto Rotary Club and of the Women’s Auxil-iary, and is a founding board member of Cen-tral Catholic High School. She held a promi-nent role in bringing the Sisters of the Cross to Modesto from Mexico and also served as a member of the ‘‘Christmas Angels’’ bell ringing team for the Salvation Army for numerous years. Marie played a vital role in the con-struction of the Gallo Center for the Arts with the support of her husband and family. Bob and Marie, who were married in the summer of 1958, will celebrate their 58th anni-versary in July. Together, they raised 8 chil-dren and were blessed with twenty-two grand-children; to which they have passed along the importance of family church and commitment to the community. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Bob and Marie Gallo for their recognition from the Modesto Chamber of Commerce with the Robert J. Cardoza Citizen of the Year— Lifetime Achievement Award. Their years of dedicated service to the community are to be commended. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND CONGRATU-LATING SECOND LIEUTENANT MY-RANDA KELLY QUINATA OF THE GUAM AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the contributions and achieve-ments of Second Lieutenant My-Randa Kelly Quinata of the 254th Force Support Squadron of the Guam Air National Guard, Guam Na-tional Guard. Second Lieutenant Quinata was promoted to Second Lieutenant on September 20, 2015. She is the first medical service corps officer and the first female of the Guam Air National Guard to receive a direct commis-sion. 2nd Lt. Quinata currently serves as the Health Services Administrator of the Guam Air Guard’s newly formed five member medical unit. She works in the civilian sector as a Health System Specialist in Aerospace Medi-cine in Medical Standards and Exams under the Base Operations Medical Cell at the 36th Medical Group, Andersen Air Force Base, Guam. She has a long record of service and has dedicated her life and career to serving our country in different capacities. My-Randa joined the active duty Air Force in March 2003 and graduated from the Health Services Man-agement course at Sheppard Air Force Base in Texas in 2003. She also served in other health services administration roles as an out-patient records technician, information sys-tems technician, medical office manager, med-ical control center noncommissioned officer and noncommissioned officer in charge of pa-tient administration. Before her separation from the active duty Air Force in 2014, My-Randa served at Lackland Air Force Base in Texas and at the Andersen Air Force Base in Guam. She was also deployed to Ali Al Salem Air Base in sup-port of operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. My- Randa was also the recipient of the Air Force Commendation Medal, the Air Force Achieve-ment Medal, the Meritorious Unit Award, the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award, the Air Force Good Conduct Award, the Global Ter-rorism Service Medal, the Air Force Longevity Service Award, Air Force Non-Commissioned Officer Professional Military Education Grad-uate Ribbon, the Small Arms Expert Marks-manship Ribbon (Rifle), the Air Force Training Ribbon, the 2008 Pacific Air Forces Health Services Airman of the Year Award, and the 2008 Medical Support Services Airman of the Year Award. Second Lieutenant My-Randa Kelly Quinata is dedicated to the mission of the Guam Air National Guard and finds strength in the sup-port of her leadership, fellow guardsmen and her family. This is a very proud moment for the island of Guam and the Guam Air National Guard. I join the people of Guam in congratulating Sec-ond Lieutenant My-Randa Kelly Quinata and the 254th Force Support Squadron and Guam Air National Guard on this achievement. I also extend a special congratulations to her hus-band Derrick and their children, Taylor, Trevor, Talon, Tana. I thank her for her contributions to the community of Guam and I look forward to her future contributions and success. f 
HONORING MAE DUKE 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mae Duke, who is being recognized by the Century Village Democratic Club for her distinguished service as President. As part of the ‘‘greatest generation,’’ Mae’s life embodied the American dream. Mae is a first generation Jewish immigrant raised on Coney Island, New York and overcame nu-merous obstacles to complete her education and work as a laboratory technician. Mae mar-ried Sam Duke, a New York City Police offi-cer, in 1947, and together they raised four children in Brooklyn. Since her youth, Mae has believed in the importance of public service, civic duty, and participation in democracy. After her four chil-dren enrolled in public school, Mae ran for the local school board. Later, she and her hus-band started a youth league at their local syn-agogue. Today at age 89, Mae resides in West Palm Beach where she remains active with local community groups and as the Presi-dent of the Century Village Club. She is adored and admired by her 4 children, 9 grandchildren and 4 great grandchildren. Wherever her life has taken her, Mae Duke has selflessly volunteered her time and efforts to better her community. I am pleased to join 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.013 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE79 February 1, 2016 
in honoring Ms. Duke for her enriching, life-long community service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO L ANETTE WRIGHT 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of my long-time exec-utive assistant and friend, LaNette Wright, who is retiring after more than three decades of distinguished service. LaNette started her ca-reer in the U.S. House of Representatives in 1984 when she was hired as a Staff Aide in Somerset, Kentucky. She later became a trusted Caseworker, guiding local constituents through complications with federal agencies. In 1999. LaNette took on the role as my Exec-utive Assistant, faithfully and dutifully orga-nizing every meeting, speaking engagement, and flight itinerary in coordination with my per-sonal schedule. In 2012, she also earned the title of Casework Director, ensuring constituent needs are effectively and efficiently met at the Somerset, Hazard and Prestonsburg District Offices. Time and again, she has gone above the call of duty to help me, and by extension, the people of Kentucky’s Fifth Congressional District in delivering a better, more responsive and open constituent experience. Like most of us, I have been fortunate in my tenure in Congress to have extraordinary pro-fessional and personal staff accompany me on this journey. However, LaNette has always given me and my family an extra measure of loyalty, advice and friendship that I will always treasure. Without a doubt, her organization and foresight made many of my days much simpler, despite a schedule that often be-comes complicated and demanding. Her sheer presence in the Somerset office will be greatly missed, from her ability to extend compassion to distraught Veterans, to calming discouraged citizens frustrated by federal bureaucracy, to celebrating victories in the lives of folks we have been able to assist through casework. Her thoughtful execution in every situation has made LaNette a truly irreplaceable part of the Rogers team. As we all know, Congressional staff work long hours, and often sacrifice weekends and holidays in order to keep this esteemed institu-tion running—inevitably taking a toll on per-sonal commitments. She has earned more than her share of quality time with her family and friends—especially her energetic grand-children. The people of Southern and Eastern Ken-tucky, our staff and I owe LaNette a great debt of gratitude for her steadfast service and dedi-cation to our region. We wish LaNette and her husband Louie many wonderful years of retire-ment in Kentucky and on the sunny beaches and golf courses of Florida. LAKE ARROWHEAD RESIDENT SPEARHEADS EFFORT TO BUILD VETERANS MEMORIAL HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Liam Gavigan for his tireless efforts to construct a veterans monument in Lake Ar-rowhead, California. Liam is a member of Boy Scouts of America Troop 89 and has under-taken this task as his Eagle Scout Project. From the time he became involved with the Cub Scouts, Liam had a vision for creating a monument to honor the sacrifices of veterans who live in the San Bernardino County moun-tain communities. It took several years, but Liam’s determination resulted in him fund-raising over $20.000 needed to construct the memorial. With assistance provided by the San Bernardino Mountains Land Trust, Liam was also able to secure the necessary land upon which the monument will stand. As a Vietnam veteran and retired Marine Corps infantry officer, I applaud Liam and the members of Troop 89 for their diligence in bringing this project to fruition. I look forward to visiting the monument during my next trip to Lake Arrowhead. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. TSAI ING- WEN ON HER ELECTION AS PRESIDENT OF TAIWAN 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. Tsai Ing-wen on her victory in the Taiwanese presidential election held on January 16, 2016. President-elect Tsai is scheduled to take office on May 20 of this year, and will be the first woman president of Taiwan. I further congratulate the vice presi-dent-elect, Dr. Chen Chien-jen, as well as the people of Taiwan for this historic vote that sig-nifies so much for the continuing strength of democracy in Taiwan. On this occasion. I would encourage my col-leagues to join me in assuring President-elect Tsai and the people of Taiwan of our commit-ment to the friendship between our two coun-tries. We are bound by the values and prin-ciples we share; and the peaceful and free election on January 16 once again dem-onstrates that Taiwan’s robust democracy is an example to the rest of the region. The free and democratic system that has been estab-lished over the decades is a testament to the commendable dedication and determination of a free Taiwanese people. Their support for human rights is a beacon, and their leaders should be encouraged as they work to keep it shining. Dr. Tsai’s election is additionally an oppor-tunity to reaffirm the importance of the Taiwan Relations Act as the cornerstone of the rela-tionship between the U.S. and Taiwan. I urge my colleagues to remain committed to the se-curity of Taiwan, as well as our economic and social relationship, and look forward to our two countries’ continuing to work together on issues of common interest. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating President-elect Tsai and the people of Taiwan, and in wishing them the best in the new administration. f 
HONORING THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW MEXICO COLLEGE OF NURS-ING 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the University of New Mexico College of Nursing which celebrated its 60th Anniversary this past year. The College of Nursing is a world class institution of learning whose graduates have been a blessing to the individuals they have cared for and helped save countless lives. The University of New Mexico College of Nursing was founded in 1955 after Dr. Marion Fleck and Mary Jane Carter acquired a $60,000 grant from the New Mexico State Legislature. Since its founding, the school has aimed to educate and train future leaders in nursing, research innovative methods to im-prove and deliver patient care, and design a world class health system. Over the past 60 years, the College of Nursing has seen more than 6,000 alumni graduate from its ranks. These nurses have gone on to serve our com-munity and provide invaluable care to hun-dreds of thousands of patients. Throughout its history, the University of New Mexico College of Nursing has demonstrated exemplary leadership in its field. For example, it was the first program in New Mexico to es-tablish a Master of Science in Nursing degree, as well as a Doctorate of Nursing Practice. The school has also created nurse managed clinics and partnered with the Raymond G. Murphy VA Medical Center to address the healthcare needs of veterans in our commu-nity. Furthermore, through their membership in the New Mexico Nurses Education Consor-tium, the College of Nursing has partnered with local community colleges to provide ac-cess to a Bachelor of Science in Nursing throughout the state. Lastly, the PhD program is one of only a few in the nation to offer a health policy track to train future leaders in nursing. We are very fortunate to have such an outstanding institution training our future healthcare providers. It gives me great pleasure to report that the University of New Mexico College of Nursing has been recognized for these impressive ac-complishments. In 2015, the College of Nurs-ing was ranked tenth overall on Value Schools’ list of the top-valued undergraduate nursing programs. Dr. Nancy Ridenour, dean of the College of Nursing explained that ‘‘Credit goes largely to our renowned faculty who provides an education that emphasizes working with rural and underserved popu-lations and prepares our students to transform nursing and health care.’’ Indeed, the University of New Mexico Col-lege of Nursing has proven itself a model in philanthropy and community involvement. From July 1, 2013 to June 30, 2014 alone, the faculty and students from the College of Nurs-ing spent more than 83,000 hours working in the community in order to provide healthcare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.016 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE80 February 1, 2016 
services to more than 19,500 children, individ-uals and families through clinical practice and training exercises at more than 375 healthcare facilities throughout the state. The College of Nursing also emphasizes teaching its students how to serve rural and underserved popu-lations, and the school is committed to diver-sity in its classes so that its campus will better reflect the communities its graduates go on to serve. With a shortage of nurses in the country, especially in largely rural areas like New Mex-ico, it is fundamental that world class institu-tions like the University of New Mexico Col-lege of Nursing continue to train exceptional nurses who will serve our community for years to come. The New Mexico Health Care Work-force Committee estimates that New Mexico currently faces a shortage of at least 270 nurses. However, the care that nurses provide is the crux of our medical model. I am grateful for the tremendous work that the University of New Mexico College of Nursing has done to supply our state with such invaluable care-givers. Indeed, we must continue to support this world class institution and others like it. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to recognize this special and important institution for recently celebrating its 60th Anniversary. Congratulations to the University of New Mex-ico College of Nursing; keep up the great work. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF JOHNNIE SOWELL NEESE 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, last week, South Carolinians mourned the passing of Johnnie Sowell Neese of Spring-dale who was recognized as one of the state’s leading businesswomen. She was the state’s first female Republican candidate for office with the 1964 Goldwater Republican effort. At that time only one Republican had been elect-ed as a legislator in the Twentieth Century being Charlie Boineau in 1961. Mrs. Neese courageously spearheaded the promotion of the two-party system in South Carolina where Republicans are now super majorities in the legislature holding all statewide offices. They are led by Governor Nikki Haley, from her home county of Lexington, who is the state’s first female Governor in 340 years. She and her late husband Harry carefully organized their professions as they success-fully raised five talented daughters who have now inspired the success of six grandsons. I especially appreciate her ‘‘gift of adminis-tration’’ in that for seventeen years she was treasurer of my campaign as I served in the State Senate. She upheld flawlessly the stand-ard set by my predecessor and her friend Congressman Floyd Spence that ‘‘It must not only be right, it must look right,’’ as we suc-cessfully replaced an incumbent in the Repub-lican primary. The following obituary was in The State newspaper of Columbia, S.C., on Saturday, January 30th: 
Funeral service for Johnnie Sowell Neese, 89, of West Columbia, will be held at 3:00 p.m. Sunday, January 31, 2016, at Holland Avenue Baptist Church, 801 12th Street, Cayce, SC. Pastor Dow Welsh and Pastor Charles Wilson will officiate. Interment will follow in Southland Memorial Gardens. The family will greet friends from 6:00 8:00 p.m. Satur-day, January 30, 2016, at Thompson Funeral Home of Lexington, 4720 Augusta Road, Lex-ington, SC. Mrs. Neese passed away Thurs-day, January 28, 2016. Born in Kershaw, she was a daughter of the late John Wesley and Evelyn Blease Johnson Sowell, Sr. She was a graduate of Kershaw High School and attended Coker College. Johnnie was a charter member of Holland Avenue Baptist Church and served as trustee and Sunday School teacher for more than 50 years. She was the chairman of the Nomi-nating, Finance, and Personnel Committees, and a member of the Benevolent, Building, Library, and Stewardship Committees. Johnnie was continuously employed by the House of Perfection, Inc., manufacturer and wholesaler of children’s apparel from Novem-ber 1956 until July 2005, when she retired as executive vice president and chief financial officer. She was the former president of the West Columbia Cayce Junior Woman’s Club, former Division chairman of the S.C. Federa-tion of Women’s Clubs, the former president of the Riverlyn Women’s Club, a former member of the Lexington County Higher Education Commission, Congaree Area Girl Scout Council and served as the West Colum-bia Cayce residential chairman for the United Way. Johnnie was a former member of the Body of Trustees, United Community Services and was nominated for the ‘‘Woman of Achievement’’ award for the State of South Carolina in 1992. She was awarded the ‘‘Woman of Distinction’’ honor in 1996, from the Congaree Area Girl Scout Council. From 1964 through 1967, Johnnie was active in the Lexington County and the South Carolina Republican Parties, having served as secretary-treasurer, County Finance chairman, County Organization chairman, president of Lexington County Republican Women, precinct officer, and Convention Credentials chairman. A candidate for the House of Representatives in 1964, she was the first woman in South Carolina to run for public office on the Republican ticket. She served for 17 years as treasurer for Senator Addison G. (Joe) Wilson and assumed active roles in State and Congressional campaigns for Republican candidates Albert Watson, Floyd Spence, and Strom Thurmond. Johnnie is survived by her daughters, Lynda Neese (Gary Miller), Carol Neese, Deborah Neese, Sandra Neese Cooke, Tracey Neese Edenfield; six grandsons, Ira Brent Driggers, Jonathan Michael Cooke, Jordan Patrick Cooke, Zachary Tanner Edenfield, Nicholas Yates Edenfield, Jacob Andrew Edenfield; three great-grandsons. In addition to her parents, she was predeceased by her husband of more than 50 years, Harry Yates Neese; twin sister, Connie Sowell, and broth-er, John W. Sowell, Jr. f COMMEMORATING THE 40TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE ANTONIO B. WON PAT GUAM INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT AUTHORITY 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the staff and management of the Antonio B. Won Pat Guam International Airport Authority (GIAA) on their 40th anniversary of service to the people of Guam. The Guam International Airport Author-ity has grown steadily over the past 40 years and has played a vital role in the development of Guam, especially success of the island’s visitor industry over the past 40 years. When the Guam Airport first began, all airport busi-ness was handled as a division of the Guam Department of Commerce. In 1976, the GIAA became a government agency through the en-actment of Guam Public Law 13–57. During this period of the airport’s history, Pan Amer-ican Airways, Continental Air Micronesia and Japan Airlines were the only airline carriers to service Guam and utilize the facilities. The Guam International Airport Authority has made tremendous progress over the last 40 years and has become a critical transpor-tation hub in the Asia-Pacific region. GIAA has facilitated the growth of Guam’s economy and visitor industry. Guam’s tourism economy re-lies heavily on GIAA facilities for a positive passenger experience when traveling to Guam. The airport has added two terminal buildings with the second and current terminal completed in September 1998 as part of a $241M expansion and construction project. This is the single largest improvement project competed by the Government of Guam. As the airport expanded its operations, addi-tional airline carriers began service out of Guam. In 1981, Continental Micronesia added flights to Japan and Northwest Airlines began regularly scheduled services. In 1983, All Nippon Airways (ANA) began charter flights to Guam and then opened their international services three years later. Continental Air Mi-cronesia introduced direct air service between Guam and Hong Kong in 1984. Soon after in 1986, the United States Congress passed the Omnibus Territories Act to include visa waiv-ers for several countries and expanded the doors for more tourism arrivals. The GIAA passed its ‘‘one million passenger’’ mark in 1988 and was renamed the ‘‘Antonio B. Won Pat Guam International Air Terminal’’ after Guam’s first Delegate to the U.S. House of Representatives. Soon after in 1990, Korea was granted a visa waiver and Continental Air Micronesia began air services in Seoul and expanded flights in Japan. In 1995, GIAA took on more responsibility when it became the only commercial airport on Guam with the clo-sure of Naval Air Station. With increased serv-ices in the Asian region, Guam was ranked the 4th top U.S. gateway to and from Asia and Australia in 1999. Growth and expansion con-tinued for the GIAA after the turn of the new millennium and in 2007, the airport’s total eco-nomic contributions were totaled at $1.7 billion with 20,440 jobs generated. The Guam International Airport Authority has continued expanding with cargo and other facilities while practicing its duties as a re-sponsible neighbor and community partner. Anticipating the needs of an increased tourism economy and the growth associated with the military realignment, the airport undertook these efforts to prepare for increased cargo traffic on Guam. Further, a multimillion dollar noise mitigation program was implemented for houses in the area beginning in 2009. Air services have expanded even more with in-creased flights in the region on new and exist-ing expanding airlines. GIAA has continued to provide consistent service and good facility throughout the turbulent history of airline mergers. The airport has also adapted to wel-come Russian tourists when President Obama 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.020 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE81 February 1, 2016 
instructed DHS to allow them to visit Guam without a visa in 2014. The airport has kept high standards for itself to ensure the safety of its patrons and the people of Guam. In 2014, the 1st Cycle of the Airport’s Aircraft Rescue and Fire Fighting Division was installed. While the airport has made major achieve-ments in the last 40 years, the GIAA leader-ship continues to look to growth in the future. In 2014, they began a capital improvement program with plans to further enhance their fa-cilities that will provide nearly $167 million of economic activity into the local economy. I look forward to continue working with GIAA to ensure that they are provided with federal funding to support their future growth and fa-cilities enhancements. Our airport is a critical link in our entire island’s economy. Again. I congratulate Antonio B. Won Pat Guam International Airport Authority and com-mend its leadership and all employees for their contributions to our local community and throughout the Asia-Pacific region. I thank and commend all of the GIAA’s tenants and part-ners for their commitment to the airport and the community of Guam. I join the people of Guam in recognizing the GIAA on their 40th anniversary and I look forward to their future contributions and success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HOOSIER YOUTH PHILHARMONIC 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Bloomington, Indiana’s High School Orchestra, the Hoosier Youth Philharmonic. I want to congratulate the Hoosier Youth Philharmonic on being invited to perform at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. as part of the ‘‘2016 Capital Orchestra Festival.’’ As a resident of Bloomington. I am particularly proud of the High School Orchestra’s achieve-ments this year. They have worked very hard, and merit respect and celebration. Accomplishments such as this are achieved through diligence and commitment. The Hoo-sier Youth Philharmonic is one of seven out-standing North American orchestras invited to perform at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. in Washington, D.C. On Feb-ruary 14th, 2016, the Hoosier Youth Phil-harmonic will perform on the same stage as many great American and international artists, such as La Scala Opera Company, Yo-Yo Ma, and the London Philharmonic Opera. I want to commend Music Director, Jane Gouker on her successful 36-year tenure as the orchestra’s conductor. Mobilizing the 103 piece student orchestra, replete with instru-ments, luggage. and chaperones is a hercu-lean effort, and Director Gouker has executed seamlessly. The Hoosier Youth Philharmonic serves as an inspiration to many members of the community of Bloomington and Hoosiers across Southern Indiana. I wish them the best of luck as they perform on Sunday, February 14th at the renowned Kennedy Center. IN RECOGNITION OF UNIVISION SAN DIEGO’S 25TH ANNIVERSARY HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 25th Anniversary of Univision San Diego. Founded on February 14, 1989, Univision San Diego made its debut by airing the Rose Parade on January 1, 1990. On March 15, 1990, Univision San Diego became a full newscast and began presenting local news capsules. It has since provided news, sports, specials, variety and talk shows to the resi-dents of San Diego County. Univision San Diego has become the premier Spanish-lan-guage news station in the region. Operating under the mantra of ‘‘contigo’’, meaning ‘‘with you’’, Univision San Diego focuses on the issues that are the most relevant to the His-panic community: education, health, economy, immigration, and the day-to-day impacts of the citizens on their communities. Univision San Diego’s dedication to the most pressing issues attracts an average of a quarter-million view-ers weekly. I would like to send Univision San Diego my sincerest congratulations on reaching this im-portant milestone. 
f 
HONORING CURTIS BEACH 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Curtis Beach, a tremendous athlete from Albu-querque, New Mexico who has demonstrated some of the best qualities an athlete can have—sportsmanship, a competitive spirit, and the refusal to give up. Curtis, the eldest of two children, was born on July 22, 1990 to Jeana King-Beach and David Beach. At an early age, Curtis proved that he was destined to be a runner when he was chasing a horse named Lobo. Curtis went up to Lobo who promptly ran away, but Curtis gave chase, caught up to Lobo who ran off again, but Curtis refused to give up and kept running after Lobo. This continued for two hours without Curtis tiring. Curtis also started playing sports when he was young, but even then it was clear that his main passion was running. When he was five, Curtis tried recreational soccer. Jeana fondly recalls Curtis running back and forth across the field but not pursuing the ball. Jeana told him that he should try to score, but Curtis con-tinued to run. Three years later Curtis joined the track club and has not stopped running since. From 2004–2009, Curtis attended Albu-querque Academy where he won 17 individual New Mexico state high school titles in track and field. At the 2009 Great Southwest Clas-sic in Arcardia Invitational, Curtis set the na-tional high school decathlon record with 7909 points. Then, at the National Scholastic Indoor Championships in New York, in March 2009, Curtis reached 4127 points in the pentathlon, winning the championship and ranking second all-time in the event. Later that year, he won the decathlon at both the Pan American Junior Games and the USATF National Junior Cham-pionships. DyeStat, a prominent track and field website, noted that ‘‘[Beach] ends all doubt— he is the greatest US high school decathlete ever.’’ But Curtis was just getting started. Curtis enrolled at Duke University where in his fresh-man year at the 2011 NCAA Men’s Outdoor Track and Field Championship, he finished second overall in the decathlon. This included a time of 3:59.13 in the 1500 meters which shattered the previous collegiate record and was the second-fastest 1500 meters ever for a decathlon. As a sophomore, Curtis finished first in the heptathlon at the 2012 NCAA Men’s Indoor Track and Field Championship with 6,138 points. Curtis also broke his own world record in the heptathlon 1000 meters with a spectacular finish of 2:23.63. Upon graduation, Curtis was a two-time All-American in the de-cathlon and a three-time All-American in the heptathlon. I would also like to commend the remark-able sportsmanship that Curtis displayed at the 2012 Olympic trials. Curtis had injured his elbow, so he lacked the necessary points to win the decathlon. But in the final event, the 1500 meters, Curtis’ friend, Ashton Eaton, had an opportunity to set the world record in the decathlon. Recognizing this, Curtis paced Eaton and then slowed down to allow Ashton Eaton to win the event in which he set the world record. Not only is Curtis a world class athlete, but he is also a true role model. Curtis recognized that there is more in sports than just winning—team play and sportsmanship matter just as much and for this he was awarded the International Fair Play Award in 2012. Curtis also received the Athlete of the Year award in 2012 and 2014 from the U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches As-sociation National Field. Now that Curtis’ illustrious college career has ended, he has turned pro. In September, 2014 he moved to Phoenix, Arizona, to train at the World Athletic Center with other star ath-letes from around the world. He made his pro-fessional debut at 2015 Azusa Pacific Univer-sity and placed second. A month later, Curtis qualified for the Olympic trials which will take place later this year in July. If Curtis places in the top three he will qualify for the 2016 Olym-pics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Curtis is a fierce competitor, a tremendous athlete, and a rare and true model of sports-manship. We are lucky to call him our own, and it has been a pleasure to watch his many victories. I look forward to watching his career blossom, and I will be cheering him on as he tries out for the 2016 Olympics. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO CLARIFY CERTAIN DUE PROCESS RIGHTS OF FEDERAL EMPLOY-EES SERVING IN SENSITIVE PO-SITIONS 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, as hun-dreds of thousands of our federal workers face 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.022 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE82 February 1, 2016 
uncertainty in wages and work, I rise along with my House colleague R
OBERT J. W ITTMAN  to introduce a bill to clarify certain due process rights of federal employees serving in sen-sitive positions. Our bill would overturn an un-precedented federal court decision, Kaplan v. Conyers and MSPB, which stripped many fed-eral employees of the right to independent re-view of an agency decision removing them from a job on grounds of ineligibility. The case was brought by two Department of Defense (DOD) employees, Rhonda Conyers, an ac-counting technician, and Devon Northover, a commissary management specialist, who were permanently demoted and suspended from their jobs after they were found to no longer be eligible to serve in noncritical sensitive po-sitions. In 2014, the Supreme Court declined to hear the case, which allowed the appeals court decision to stand. Specifically, the decision prevents federal workers who are designated as ‘‘noncritical sensitive’’ from appealing to the Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB) if they are removed from their jobs. Noncritical sensitive jobs in-clude those that do not have access to classi-fied information. The decision would affect at least 200,000 DOD employees who are des-ignated as noncritical sensitive. Even more se-riously, most federal employees could poten-tially lose the same right to an independent re-view of an agency’s decision because of a rule by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) and the Office of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence (ODNI), which went into ef-fect in July 2015, that permits agency heads to designate most jobs in the federal govern-ment as noncritical sensitive. The Kaplan decision undercuts Title 5, sec-tion 7701 of the Civil Service Act, which en-sures due process rights for federal workers required by the U.S. Constitution. Stripping employees whose work does not involve clas-sified matters of the right of review of an agency decision that removes them from their jobs opens entirely new avenues for unreviewable, arbitrary action or retaliation by an agency head and, in addition, makes a mockery of whistleblower protections enacted in the 112th Congress. My bill would stop the use of ‘‘national security’’ to repeal a vital component of civil service protection and of due process. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
HONORING CECIL HULSEY 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the outstanding achievements and successful career of Cecil Hulsey from Farmington, Missouri. After more than sixty years of helping friends and neighbors find af-fordable homes and reliable insurance cov-erage, Cecil Hulsey has decided to retire at the age of ninety. As a native of the Farmington area, his de-votion to his hometown was evident even as a young bombardier on a B–29 during World War II. Showcasing his salesmanship and hometown pride, he convinced his fellow crew members to name their plane the ‘‘City of Farmington.’’ Stationed in Guam during the war, Mr. Hulsey and the ‘‘City of Farmington’’ would officially fly 27 missions, once flying five missions in nine days. After the war, Mr. Hulsey began a career selling insurance following a recommendation from his family doctor that prompted him to interview with a local insurance agent. After nine years of exclusive work in the insurance field, he entered the real estate business in 1957. Over the years, Mr. Hulsey has been an ac-tive member of the community not only as a businessman, but as a community leader. He was a member of the Farmington Chamber of Commerce and the Rotary Club, acting as secretary for both organizations. His efforts even helped to begin the construction of a new high school in Farmington. For his many contributions to the Farm-ington community and his personal successes, it is my pleasure to recognize Cecil Hulsey be-fore the United States House of Representa-tives. f 
HONORING JOHN O’BRIEN, PRESI-DENT OF THE WEST SIDE IRISH AMERICAN CLUB 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate John O’Brien, upon the achieve-ment of twenty years as President of one of the premier Irish organizations in America, the West Side Irish American Club. The West Side Irish American Club exists to preserve and promote the rich Irish cultural heritage in song, dance, literature, sports and traditions. It provides a forum for the enrich-ment of family and the enhancement of friend-ships. John O’Brien demonstrates a commit-ment to the Irish community on a daily basis. Service to the Irish community is the founda-tion of John O’Brien’s endeavors. John O’Brien exemplifies the spirit of the WSIA member—love of culture and celebration of community. John O’Brien was born in Kiltoon, County Roscommon, Ireland and arrived in North America first in Montreal, Canada where he met his wife, Eileen. The O’Briens settled in Cleveland, Ohio in 1963. They raised four chil-dren, Noreen, Catherine, Patricia and John Jr. John O’Brien was first elected President of the West Side Irish American Club in 1995. Under his leadership many capital improve-ments to the facility have been achieved, in-cluding a new storage building and workshop, a beautiful gazebo, conversion to a city water and sewer system, complete renovation of the Great Hall, addition of the Madison and Abbey Rooms, and the upgrade of the football field. He also oversees the ‘‘Tuesday Volunteers,’’ doing countless maintenance and cleaning projects. John O’Brien’s dedication, his steady hand and his quiet, unassuming demeanor and his humility inspire others to participate in club ac-tivities. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognition of John O’Brien for his constant dedication to preserving Irish culture and to giving future generations of Irish-Americans the gift of knowledge of their traditions. HONORING THE LEGACY OF LARRY PURDOM IN MISSOURI CATTLE BREEDING HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Larry Purdom, for his legacy of success and innovation in Missouri dairy cattle breed-ing. Starting in 1957, Larry and his wife Alice have cultivated one of the most outstanding herds of Holstein dairy cows in Missouri. He had his first Grand Champion cow at the Mis-souri State Fair in 1964, which he repeated in 1966, 1976, 1977 and 1978. He also had sev-eral other championships recognized at the Ozark Empire Fair, the Missouri Dairyman’s Institute, and the Southern National show. In the show ring, Larry had 35 cows win All-Mis-souri honors. In addition to his prize winning cows, Larry has had an enormous impact on the develop-ment of Missouri Holstein cattle as among the best in the nation. His prize winning bull Sen-ator Flame was placed in the Carnation Ge-netics AI stud in 1972, improving many herds around the country. Larry has also provided bulls for families on farms across Southwest Missouri and Northwest Arkansas, helping to augment herds where artificial insemination was not practicable. Larry has also personally received the 2011 Missouri Dairy Hall of Honors Distinguished Dairy Cattle Breeder award, in addition to the Missouri Dairy Hall of Honors Dairy Leader-ship Award in 2002. He served as President of the Missouri Dairy Association from 2003– 2014, and also served on the National Dairy Board, as well both the division and corporate boards of the Midwest Dairy Association. Mr. Speaker, I extend my gratitude and ad-miration for what Larry Purdom has accom-plished in his career. His prize winning cattle have improved the stock of herds throughout the state, as well as helping to establish the Missouri Holstein as a premier breed of dairy cattle. On behalf of the 7th District, I congratu-late him on his dedication and his well-earned accomplishments. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LESLEY LEON GUERRERO FOR BEING CHOSEN AS THE GUAM CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 2015 REINA A. LEDDY GUAM YOUNG PROFESSIONAL OF THE YEAR 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lesley Leon Guerrero on being selected as the Guam Chamber of Commerce 2015 Reina A. Leddy Guam Young Profes-sional of the Year. Lesley was named the Guam Young Professional of the Year on Fri-day, January 15, 2016. She is the Vice Presi-dent and Director of Customer Service for the Bank of Guam where she leads a team dedi-cated to providing exceptional customer serv-ice and helping clients achieve financial suc-cess. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.026 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE83 February 1, 2016 
Prior to joining the Bank of Guam, Lesley spent eight years in public service with the Guam Department of Homeland Security and the Office of Civil Defense. During her time there, she helped lead response and recovery efforts during various natural disasters, includ-ing Typhoon Chata’an and Super Typhoon Pongsona. Lesley is a 1997 graduate of Notre Dame High School in Talofofo, Guam and received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Communica-tions from Chaminade University of Honolulu. In December of 2015, Lesley graduated from the University of Guam with a Professional Master of Business Administration degree. Lesley has been a member of the Guam Chamber of Commerce Guam Young Profes-sionals Committee for the last two years. The organization seeks to energize, engage and empower young professionals to be inspired, influential and connected. She has been an active member of the organization, helping young professionals to recognize the eco-nomic and social importance of engaging in all aspects of our community and region to en-courage them to become future leaders. Les-ley was nominated and chosen as the Guam Young Professional of the Year from among five nominees within the local business com-munity. Additionally to her professional work, Lesley actively supports many local non-profit organi-zations. Lesley is a member of the Lupus Awareness Group of Guam which seeks to provide advocacy and identify the needs of those with Lupus on Guam. She also serves as the Board Secretary for Junior Achieve-ment Guam which is a local organization that promotes entrepreneurship to Guam’s youth. Lesley is a founding member and Vice Presi-dent of Let’s Move, a local non-profit organiza-tion dedicated to fighting childhood obesity on Guam. Again, I extend my congratulations to Lesley on being named the Guam Chamber of Com-merce 2015 Reina A. Leddy Guam Young Professional of the Year and I commend her for her service and dedication to the people of Guam throughout her career. I also extend a sincere congratulation to Lesley’s parents, Kenny Leon Guerrero and Gil and Connie Shinohara. I look forward to her continuing to be a role model in our community and work to improve our island. 
f 
HONORING MR. GEORGE GRAY 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. George Gray of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District, and to express my sincerest gratitude to him for his service to our nation and commend him as to all of his accomplishments, specifically his Congres-sional Gold Medal. Mr. Gray has received a Congressional Gold Medal in recognition of his status as a Montford Point Marine. This medal is the high-est civilian honor bestowed by Congress and recognizes Mr. Gray as one of the first African American Marines to enlist in World War II. After enlistment, Mr. Gray was sent to the segregated boot camp for African American Marines, Montford Point. Conditions were se-vere and required the utmost mental persever-ance and will to go on. Mr. Gray was deter-mined to prove himself as a more than com-petent Marine. After completing basic training at Montford Point, he spent four years at war with the 51st Defense Battalion. He fought val-iantly for our ideals and to assist in liberation efforts in the Pacific. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District are tremendously proud to have Mr. George Gray as an involved member of their community. It is my honor to recognize both his personal military accom-plishments, as well as his contributions to end-ing segregation in the military, and honorably serving and protecting our country in World War II, before the United States House of Representatives. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JUDICIAL FINAN-CIAL TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2016 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the District of Columbia Judicial Financial Transparency Act of 2016, a bill that would enhance financial disclosure requirements for D.C. Court judges, making them similar to the disclosure requirements already in place for Article III federal judges. Although current fed-eral law does require D.C. Superior Court and D.C. Court of Appeals judges to file annual fi-nancial reports, much of the information in-cluded in those reports remains confidential. For example, while judges are required to sub-mit information about their income, invest-ments, liabilities, and gifts, current law only makes public judges’ connections to charities, private organizations, and businesses, and honorariums that are more than $300. My bill would bring some much-needed transparency to the D.C. Courts by making all of this infor-mation—except for a judge’s personally identi-fiable information—available for public inspec-tion. This legislation is particularly necessary be-cause open government advocates have found the D.C. Courts to be seriously lacking in transparency. In fact, a 2014 survey by the Center for Public Integrity that took a com-prehensive look at each state’s judicial finan-cial disclosure rules, gave the District a failing grade. D.C. Court judges already submit enough financial information to improve the District’s standing—my bill would make it pub-lic. Only Congress can make these necessary changes. I urge my colleagues to support this good government bill, to improve transparency for judges in the District of Columbia. SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY SHER-IFF’S DEPUTY SAVES LIFE OF MOTORIST HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the heroic actions of San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Deputy Asiah Medawar. In the early morning hours of January 15, 2016, Deputy Medawar was dispatched to a traffic collision in Victorville, California. When she ar-rived on scene, the vehicle was partially en-gulfed in flames and an unidentified citizen was attempting to remove the injured driver. Sensing the severity of the situation, Deputy Medawar immediately sprang into action and was instrumental in dislodging the uncon-scious driver from underneath the dashboard. Deputy Medawar and the unidentified citizen dragged the driver away from the vehicle, which burst into flames shortly thereafter. The driver incurred severe burns to his hand but did not suffer life-threatening injuries. Because of Deputy Medawar’s selfless ac-tions, the driver’s life was spared. I want to thank Deputy Medawar for her bravery and sacrifice on behalf of our High Desert commu-nity in San Bernardino County. Her actions re-flect great credit upon the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department and other law en-forcement personnel throughout our country. I would like to also offer my sincere gratitude to the unidentified citizen who assisted Deputy Medawar during this heroic event. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $18,989,803,014,663.70. We’ve added $8,362,925,965,750.62 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING JOHNNY FISHMAN 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I along with Representative D
EUTCH rise today in honor of Johnny Fishman on the occasion of his Bar Mitzvah. We know that Johnny has been eagerly looking forward to this moment, and we are honored to share this special day with his friends and family. As a seventh grader at Pine Crest School, Johnny excels in math and science. He is known among his peers and teachers for his outstanding character, friendliness, and care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.030 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE84 February 1, 2016 
for others. In addition to his academic pur-suits, Johnny is driven by his passion for foot-ball. Johnny has played for three years with the MAR–JCC Mo Steel Flag Football Team, and last year he participated in the national championships. Johnny’s love of sports and compassion for others led him to organize a sports equipment drive for his Mitzvah project. Johnny and his friend, Jake Moss, collected new and gently-used sports gear for donation to a local children’s charity, thereby expanding opportunities for less fortunate children. We join together in wishing ‘‘Mazel Tov’’ to Johnny. We also wish him every success in his promising future as he continues his per-sonal and academic pursuits. It is with great pleasure that we honor him on his special day. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EDWARD ‘‘RUSTY’’ WASHINGTON ROSE III 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning with a sense of grief to acknowledge the passing of one of the most gracious and giving citizens to have ever lived in North Texas. Edward ‘‘Rusty’’ Washington Rose III, a philanthropist, a bril-liant financial genius, a conservationist and former owner of the Texas Rangers Baseball team has taken his leave. He was 74 years old. A graduate of the Harvard Business School, Mr. Rose donated millions of dollars to worthy causes. While giving with an abundant heart, he preferred to stay out of the limelight. For him, it was enough to know that he had helped someone or that his giving had en-riched the city of Dallas, culturally, socially and economically. Ten years ago. Mr. Rose, his wife. Deedie, and two other Dallas couples donated portions of their personal art collections to the Dallas Museum of Art. The bequest was valued at $25 million. The couples agreed that at their deaths, their extensively valuable art collections would be given to the museum. Among his personal donations was a $10 million gift to assist in building the AT&T Performing Arts Center in Dallas which has become the anchor of cul-tural activity in North Texas. In many respects Mr. Rose was a simple man. His major passion was bird watching, an activity he began as a young boy. On his ranch he created a bird sanctuary and wet-lands. Often, he invited friends and colleagues to join him as the birds he had cared for soared skyward and migrated to the North. Mr. Speaker, like the birds he nurtured, Mr. Rose possessed a mind, a character and a spirit that took flight and soared beyond the sky. My condolences go out to his wife, chil-dren and grandchild. The people of North Texas were blessed that he chose to walk and work amongst us. RECOGNIZING THE GREATER COM-MUNITY MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH ON 25 YEARS OF WOR-SHIP AND FELLOWSHIP HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Greater Community Missionary Baptist Church on their 25 years of worship and fellowship in Arlington, Texas and the sur-rounding community. The founding congregants of Greater Com-munity MBC heard their call to worship in 1991. Reverend Kennedy Jones first led a group of twenty-two founding members and began holding services at the Harvest Time Church on Cooper Street in Arlington. Begin-ning with a single Sunday afternoon service, the Greater Community family quickly outgrew its original location. During its first year, Great-er Community MBC purchased the property where the church now resides at 126 East Park Row. Construction on the new church was com-pleted in 1993. The then 60 member strong congregation moved into its new building and continued to grow rapidly. By the end of 1996, there were 300 regular members, three choirs, a whole host of new deacons and the seeds of some of the Arlington community’s most ef-fective ministries were planted. From its humble beginnings as a small church with a single afternoon service, Greater Community Missionary Baptist Church now holds three separate services at both their east and west campuses, and is home to over 1500 members. With their expanded ministry offerings, Greater Community continues to serve the Arlington community in a variety of ways. Greater Community Missionary Baptist Church has maintained its commitment to growing its ministry through works of love and service. As described in Ephesians 4:12, Greater Community Missionary Baptist Church has been and will continue ‘‘to equip His peo-ple for works of service, so that the body of Christ may be built up.’’ In honor of Greater Community Missionary Baptist Church and its 25 years of service to the Arlington community, this statement will be submitted on Monday, February 1, 2016. 
f 
THE FAIRNESS TO UNITED STATES DISTANT WATER FISH-ERMEN ACT OF 2016 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, for 28 years the United States has been a party to the Treaty on Fisheries Between the Governments of Certain Pacific Island States and the Govern-ment of the United States of America. At the time of its development, the Treaty resolved maritime boundary disputes and secured ac-cess for United States fishermen to tuna stocks wherever they migrated beyond the coastal waters of Pacific Island nations. To provide such access, multi-year fishing agree-ments were established, where vessel owners could pay for a license to access the Treaty area, roughly ten million square miles of the South Pacific Ocean. In addition to the industry license payments, the Treaty includes a related Economic Assist-ance Agreement between the United States and the Pacific Islands Forum Fisheries Agen-cy. The economic assistance usually ran in conjunction with the multi-year fishing agree-ment. Up until 2013, when a 10-year Eco-nomic Assistance Agreement of $21 million a year was adopted. It is important to stress that the economic assistance does not occur on its own; it has always been tied to United States fishermen fishing in the Treaty area. Multi-year fishing agreements were fairly stable under the Treaty for the first 25 years, with the last 10-year agreement expiring in 2013. Since then, the United States and the Island nations have only been able to agree on annual agreements, the last few being det-rimental to United States-flag vessels due to lower tuna prices and payment for unused fishing days causing economic hardship. The most recent nonbinding agreement was devel-oped in August 2015, and has been under month’s long discussion between the Depart-ment of State and the Pacific Island Forum Fisheries Agency regarding the final number of fishing days the United States and its indus-try will be paying for in 2016. Since January 1, 2016, United States-flag vessels have been banned from the Treaty fishing area, even though the United States Government paid $21 million in economic as-sistance in June 2015, which covers through June 2016. Thirty-seven United States-flag vessels are impacted by the ban and are los-ing money every day the vessels are tied up. The impact on the United States-flag fleet can-not be minimized. The viability of these United States companies and American jobs are at stake. For that reason, I am introducing the Fair-ness to United States Distant Water Fisher-men Act of 2016. The bill would prohibit the United States Government from providing eco-nomic assistance payments to the Pacific Is-land Forum Fisheries Agency, when there is no Treaty agreement allowing United States- flag vessels access to the Treaty area. f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL WALTER L. M
CCREARY, USAF (RETIRED) 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Lieutenant Colonel Walter L. McCreary, USAF (Retired), for his bravery and service to this nation. Lt. Col. McCreary served this nation as one of the original Tuskegee Airmen and in a time of deep racial division, when many of the very citizens he defended would see him treated as a second-class citizen. It is in part because of the determined perseverance and success of the Tuskegee Airmen as the most efficient fighter group in the 15th Air Force that Presi-dent Harry Truman integrated all branches of the armed forces in 1948. Lt. Col. McCreary entered the Civilian Pilot Training Program in 1941 and flew a Waco bi-plane. He joined the Tuskegee program as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.035 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE85 February 1, 2016 
cadet the next year. He earned his military wings after nine months of training, in March 1943 as a second lieutenant. In his 89 mis-sions as a fighter pilot and as part of the 100th Fighter Squadron, 332nd Fighter Group he flew over France, Germany, Italy, Austria, Romania, Greece, Hungary, and Yugoslavia. It was in 1944 during a strafing mission over Lake Balaton in Romania that he took flak from German anti-aircraft artillery, ultimately parachuting to the ground before being turned over by local farmers to the German military. He was transferred to Stalag Luft III, a pris-oner of war camp specifically designated for airmen. He was liberated from the camp along with all other prisoners in May 1945. Lt. Col. McCreary returned home from his time as a prisoner of war in Germany and continued his service within the armed forces for nearly two more decades. His commitment and the historic contributions of the Tuskegee Airmen in the face of institutionalized discrimi-nation were recognized in 2007 with the Con-gressional Gold Medal. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me once more in recognizing the extraordinary contributions of Lt. Col. Walter McCreary. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on January 6, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted as fol-lows: On roll call no. 2, 3, 4 and 5, I would have voted YES. On January 7, 2016, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On roll call no. 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 and 19, I would have voted NO. On roll call no. 12 and 20, I would have voted YES. On January 8, 2016, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On roll call no. 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31 and 32, I would have voted NO. On roll call no. 21, 22 and 33, I would have voted YES. On January 11, 2016, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On roll call no. 34 and 35, I would have voted YES. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. ISABEL OPORT NEIDIG 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Mrs. Isabel Oport Neidig. On February 5, Mrs. Neidig will celebrate her 100th birth-day. Born in Morelia, Mrs. Neidig saw the height of the Mexican Revolution. Her parents chose to leave Mexico shortly after her birth and moved to the United States. At the age of 15, Mrs. Neidig moved back to Mexico where she pursued her passion for education. She taught elementary and middle school students, and played a critical role in having a high school built in Jojutla. She was the only bilingual teacher and referred to, by both students and parents, as ‘‘La Teacher’’. It is the hard work Mrs. Neidig embodies daily that makes America exceptional. She has shown true leadership in her profession and community. Mrs. Neidig went on to marry Edward Wil-liam Neidig and had two sons, Andres and David. She left Jojutla in 1962 for Colorado, where she still lives. On behalf of the 4th Con-gressional District of Colorado, I extend my best wishes to Mrs. Neidig as she celebrates her birthday. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Mrs. Neidig. f 
IN MEMORIAM DON W. STRAUCH JR. APRIL 8, 1926—JANUARY 11, 2016 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Don W. Strauch Jr. (Mayor Strauch), Mayor of Mesa, AZ from 1980–1984, Mesa City Council Member from 1972–1978 and Arizona State Representative from 1987– 1988. In 2003, Mayor Strauch was inducted into the Arizona Veterans Hall of Fame for his service in the U.S. Army during World War II, his work with the American Legion, VFW, and his contributions as a civic leader. Mayor Strauch was instrumental in creating the Mesa that we know today. He launched the Mesa Sister Cities program and cham-pioned the proposed Mesa Arts Center; he broke down walls of discrimination and ad-vanced civil rights throughout Mesa and Ari-zona. His negotiations with McDonnell Doug-las (now Boeing) convinced the company to locate in Mesa. Mesa Fire and Medical is a model of efficiency and innovation today be-cause of the groundwork that Mayor Strauch did during his time as mayor. He saw Mesa li-braries as a vital community asset and worked to improve them. Mayor Strauch’s optimism, pragmatism and sincere belief in the greatness of Mesa and its citizens were always at the center of his work. He had the strength to put partisan issues aside and work with a diverse group of com-munity partners during an important time in Mesa’s growth. His humility and pragmatism are leadership examples that we can all learn from in our work as Members of Congress. Mayor Strauch died on January 11, 2016 after complications from a fall. He leaves be-hind his beloved wife Chris, his partner in all things for over 66 years, his daughter Christy and a large and loving family. Members, please join me in extending condolences to Mayor Strauch’s family and the City of Mesa on the inconsolable loss of this extraordinary man. Mayor Strauch will be dearly missed and fondly remembered by everyone whose life was made better because of his selfless con-tributions. COACH JOSEPH—COACH OF THE YEAR HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Katy High School’s head football coach, Gary Joseph, for being named MaxPreps National Football Coach of the Year. Gary Joseph has been with Katy High School for 34 years, 22 of those years as as-sistant head coach and defensive coordinator and the last 12 as head coach. Coach Joseph started his coaching career at Luling High School, where he coached the Luling football program to its first district championship in over 20 years. This season, he led Katy to 16–0 and its eighth state championship. Coach Joseph’s career record stands at 168– 14 with 11 district titles and four state titles with the Katy Tigers. We are extremely proud of Coach Joseph and his team. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Coach Gary Joseph for all of his success and hard work. 
f 
HONORING THE WASKOM HIGH SCHOOL WILDCATS, 2015 3-A, DIV II TEXAS STATE FOOTBALL CHAMPIONS 
HON. LOUIE GOHMERT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I recognize today the great accom-plishment of the Waskom Wildcats football team, a team which—for the second year in a row—has captured the title of Class 3A Divi-sion II Texas State Football Champions. The Wildcats’ winning season culminated with their thirty-first consecutive win, a stellar streak they began during their 2014 champion-ship season. Waskom ended this 2015 season undefeated with a perfect 16–0 record. The Waskom Wildcats were eager for a re-match with the only team to beat them in the prior season, and began their run to the title by toppling a talented team from Center with a 34–22 victory. Equally satisfying victories fol-lowed, as the Wildcats pounced on teams from all over east Texas in their quest to se-cure a spot in the championship. The state championship game found the Waskom Wildcats in a tangle with the Franklin Lions. The Wildcats rallied from an early def-icit to take the lead at halftime, then a drive to a second consecutive state championship with a decisive 33–21 final score. The life lessons learned about teamwork and discipline will no doubt improve every par-ticipant in immeasurable ways. My heartfelt congratulations are extended to Athletic Director and Head Football Coach Whitney Keeling and his staff including Coach-es Jeremy Kubiak, Greg Pearson, Gary Wil-son, Jeff Lyles, Vencent Lee, David Higginbotham, Matt Goode, Justin Watson, Frank Crisp, Joe Williams, and Lorenza Thom-as; also, Managers Isaac Irving, Cameron 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.039 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE86 February 1, 2016 
Williamson, Trey Jones, Zach Grubbs, Taylor Minatrea, Lamontre Stephens, and Athletic Trainer Matt Dyson. The players themselves who prepared dili-gently enduring through strains, pains, and grueling practices and emerged again as champions included Tramaine Butler, Keileon Johnson, Tay Green, Jaire Jackson, Pedro Rodriguez, Keylon Johnson, Kaleb Haynes, Eric Stephens III, Kevy Luster, Lucas Norton, Logan Hughes, Dylan Harkrider, Jason Jinks, Chan Amie, Latavius Stephens, TK Hamilton, Mike Reason, Jacob Reeves, Tramel Butler, Chris Pacheco, Kyle Mcinnis, Chris Stafford, Victor Tapia, Bryan Holland, Vicente Segura, Dalton Adams, Brighton Harris, Morgan Browning, Bradley Cochran, Dylan Powell, Logan O’Connor, Christian Smith, Xzavian Russell, Jack Smith, Josh Mauldin, Ashton Thulen, Jacob Bennett, Rowdy Martin, Cody Kyker, Kevin Sanford, Raymond Ramirez, Jacob Norris, Ty Carter, Hunter Johnson, Jay Reeves, Josh Cole, and K.T. Ceaser. A team and its coaches cannot soar to the heights of champions without the encourage-ment and full support of the school itself start-ing at the top with Superintendent Jimmy E. Cox and Principal Kassie Watson, to whom a debt of gratitude is also owed. Additional laud-atory acclaim and gratitude must also go to the entire city of Waskom which once again revealed itself to be a tight knit community of undying support for the champion Wildcats. May God continue to bless these young people, their families, friends and all those who refer to Waskom as their home. It is a tremendous honor to congratulate the 2015 State Champion Waskom Wildcats, as their legacy is now preserved in the United States Congressional Record which will endure as long as there is a United States of America. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FRESH START ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Fresh Start Act, a bill I reintro-duced earlier today. If enacted, it would allow certain individuals who have been convicted of nonviolent of-fenses, have paid their debt to society, and are now law-abiding members of the commu-nity to petition courts to have their nonviolent conviction expunged from their records. A criminal record, even for a minor, non-violent offense, can pose a barrier to employ-ment, education and housing opportunities— the very things necessary to start one’s life over. This is not only bad for rehabilitated offend-ers, it is bad for their families and for the com-munity in which they live. The Fresh Start Act would give nonviolent offenders a chance to start over again, a chance to become productive members of so-ciety. The bill allows offenders to apply for expungement to the court where they were sentenced and allows the United States Attor-ney for that District to submit recommenda-tions to the court. Applicants who are denied could reapply once every two years. Once seven years have elapsed since an offender has completed their sentence, expungement would be automatically granted. However, sex offenders and those who commit crimes caus-ing a loss of over $25,000 would not be eligi-ble for automatic expungement. Finally, the bill would also encourage states to pass their own expungement laws for state offenses. States that pass a substantially simi-lar law would receive a 5 percent increase in their Byrne funding while those that do not would lose 5 percent of their Byrne funds. It is one thing to convict someone of a non-violent crime. It is quite another to condemn him to a de facto life sentence for it. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 2016 NA-TIONAL CATHOLIC SCHOOLS WEEK 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Catholic schools and parishes within Cen-tral Illinois and across the country as we cele-brate National Catholic Schools Week. Paro-chial education holds a special place in Amer-ican history as a long established alternative for parents who desire a religious component to their child’s education. As part of this tradi-tion, every year starting on the last Sunday of January, Catholic schools all across the nation celebrate Catholic Schools Week. There are 6,568 Catholic schools in the United States including both elementary and secondary schools that serve urban, suburban and rural communities. Catholic school grad-uation rates are over 99 percent and of those graduating students, 85.7 percent attend col-lege. My home state of Illinois is one of the top ten states in the country with the highest enrollment in Catholic schools and my district is home to 28 Catholic schools that will be participating in activities throughout the week. I myself am a proud graduate of Catholic grade school, high school, and college and the religious values I learned through my Catholic education have stayed with me throughout my life. Additionally, my wife and I and our three sons are current parishioners at St. Vincent de Paul parish in Peoria and our boys attend school there. I am so thankful for my edu-cation and that America is a country where families have the freedom and choice to send their children to a Catholic or other parochial school. This year’s theme for Catholic Schools Week is ‘‘Catholic Schools: Communities of Faith, Knowledge and Service.’’ Students, teachers, parishioners, and clergy from across America will celebrate together as a commu-nity, recognizing God’s mission through the pillars of faith, knowledge and service, as well as promoting the Church’s values of volun-teering, vocations and family. During National Catholic Schools Week, I am pleased to high-light the Catholic educational system and look forward to many more years of continued suc-cess and celebration. FORT BEND PROMISE CEMENTS ITS COMMITMENT HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratu-late the Fort Bend Promise Center on building a new and impressive 4,000-square-foot facil-ity to serve the homeless. When the Fort Bend program opened 10 years ago, it was originally located at the New Hope Lutheran Church. Now, their newly opened, community-funded center is a place where families can come fulfill day to day ac-tivities and utilize available programs including counseling and support. In the last five years alone, the Fort Bend program has helped 194 families in our community. Our community is so thankful for all of the work the Fort Bend Center is doing for our neighbors in need. The compassion and dedication expressed through Fort Bend Promise defines the compassion of all Texans. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Fort Bend Promise Center on their new facility. Thank you for providing support to the lives of so many families here in Fort Bend County. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS ANTHONY THOMAS 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to an individual whose dedication and contributions to the community of Lake Elsinore, California are exceptional. On Saturday, January 23, 2016, Tom Thomas received the Citizen of the Year award from the Lake Elsinore Chamber of Commerce. Tom was born and raised just over the Cleveland National Forest in Orange County, where he graduated from Newport Harbor High School. After high school, Tom earned his Associate Degree from Orange Coast Col-lege and then attended Cal-State Fullerton be-fore he became interested in working at the TV studios of Newport Cablevision. That job was the start of a lifelong attraction to the cable television business and a career that would take Tom to Alaska, New York and all around the country. Tom eventually planted his roots in Lake Elsinore and ended up living at the ‘‘ranch’’ on the Ortega’s along with his wife, Dee. Tom and Dee have been married for 33 years and their adult son, Matt, cur-rently resides in Sacramento. In Lake Elsinore, Tom dedicated himself to the community by serving multiple years on the Lake Elsinore Valley Chamber of Com-merce Board, including two terms as Presi-dent, as well as almost 15 years with the Lake Elsinore Rotary Club, where he also served twice as President. Tom has served on the Lake Elsinore Unified School District Board of Trustees since 2004 and as Executive Director of Cops for Kids at the Lake Elsinore Sheriff’s station. In recognition of his selfless service to his community, Tom has been recognized with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01FE8.014 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE87 February 1, 2016 
many awards, including the Lake Elsinore Val-ley Chamber of Commerce John Packman Memorial Award Winner in 1988, and being named the Boy Scouts Distinguished Citizen in 2007. In light of all that Tom Thomas has done for the community of Lake Elsinore, Riverside County and the Lake Elsinore Chamber of Commerce, it is only fitting to name him as Citizen of the Year. Through his involvement and dedication, Tom has contributed im-mensely to the betterment of our community. On behalf of the 42nd Congressional District, I want to express my appreciation and pride in Tom on this special occasion. I add my voice to the many who paid tribute to Tom for re-ceiving the Citizen of the Year award from the Lake Elsinore Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STEPHEN J. PRINGLE 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of Stephen J. Pringle, Associate Director of Government Affairs for Texas Farm Bureau. Mr. Pringle was born on the 5th of May, 1949 in Marlin, Texas. He was raised in Hill County where he attended Hubbard High School. He then received his Bachelor’s de-gree in Business Administration from Texas A&M University and upon graduation, served as a 1st Lieutenant in the U.S. Army at the Explosive Ordinance Disposal Depot in Indian Head, Maryland. Mr. Pringle’s passion for agriculture began in 1973, when he served as a staff member to the United States House Committee on Agri-culture. While working for the committee he had the honor of attending the World Food Conference in Rome and was present on the House floor during the swearing in of Vice- President, Gerald Ford. After leaving the com-mittee, Mr. Pringle worked as an assistant to the President of Texas A&M, served as State Executive Director of the Agricultural Stabiliza-tion and Conservation Service, and worked at the International Association of Drilling Con-tractors in Houston. From there, Mr. Pringle went on to spend 26 years at the Texas Farm Bureau where he worked tirelessly to support and protect the livelihoods of Texas’ many farmers and ranch-ers. Mr. Pringle also built lasting relationships with countless members of Congress and the Texas Legislature during his tenure at the Texas Farm Bureau and it was a privilege to work with him. Over the course of his career, he has also been involved in his local community. He served as President of his local Texas A&M Alumni Association, President and Board Member of the Waco Camp Fire Organization, served on the original Waco Education Asso-ciation, and has been active in the Govern-ment Relations Council for the Houston Cham-ber of Commerce. In addition to his many accomplishments, Mr. Pringle is a proud husband and father. He has been happily married to his wife Linda for forty years and their daughter, Lara, has grown up to be a successful attorney in Hous-ton, Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to celebrate the work of my friend Stephen J. Pringle. His passion and commit-ment to the farmers and ranchers of Texas will long be remembered and I congratulate him on his retirement. f 
NEEDVILLE HIGH SCHOOL FFA WINS BIG 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Needville High School’s Future Farmers of America (FFA) livestock judging team who recently won Reserve Grand Na-tional Champion at the Western National Roundup in Denver. The team, comprised of Kutter Korczynski, Myles Hackstedt, Craig Todd and Ty Thomas, competed against other teams from around the country in the livestock judging contest. The teammates evaluated and ranked 40 dif-ferent animals in 10 classes. After evaluating the livestock, the team had to prepare a series of speeches to explain their evaluations. This is a great victory for their agriculture science teacher, Michael Poe, and the rest of the Blue Jay community. We are excited to see them represent Texas at the world competition in Scotland. On behalf of the residents of the Twenty- Second Congressional District of Texas, con-gratulations again to the Needville High live-stock judging team. They have made the com-munity proud. 
f 
THE NEED TO TAKE ACTION TO ENSURE THAT ASSETS OF NA-TIONAL BANKS IN CIS COUN-TRIES ARE NOT USED TO BEN-EFIT TERRORIST ORGANIZA-TIONS 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my concerns about the bank-ing industry in former CIS countries involving a bank in Latvia, ABLV. I have learned that ABLV was found to have not engaged in any activity regarding the Government of Moldova and/or activities related to the misappropriation of government funds and that there has been a thorough investigation of this matter and ABLV was not implicated in any wrongdoing with regard to this or any other matter in Moldova. In Moldova more than $1 billion was stolen from the Moldovan national treasury and a large portion of that money appears to have ended up in EU banks in Latvia. I still call upon the Administration and the Congress to investigate whether assets of the other national banks of countries of the former Soviet Union are not being plundered and used, knowingly or unknowingly, to benefit ter-rorist organizations. BIG TIME GROWTH FOR HOUSTON MARINERS HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate San Jacinto College for their suc-cess in opening a new 45,000 square-foot maritime training center. San Jacinto College sits next to the Port of Houston, which gives students prime oppor-tunity to further their maritime career through interaction with community and industry part-ners. With its history dating back to the 1960s, San Jacinto College is now home to almost 30,000 students across 3 campuses and 12 extension centers. The new maritime training center is an excellent addition to their already successful campuses. This new facility con-tains three ship simulators, an engineering room with hydraulics, a swimming pool, and much more. San Jacinto College is a great place for students to grow and to develop crit-ical education and workforce skills. We’re proud of the many opportunities it offers to students in the Houston area. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations to San Jacinto College for their new training center. We can’t wait to see what happens next. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, on January 13, 2016, I was unavoidably detained and missed the vote on the Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act (H.R. 3662). Had I been present for the vote, roll call vote number 44, I would have voted no. 
f 
NATURALLY BECK BUILDS TO SUCCESS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 1, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Beck Junior High Robotics team, Naturally Beck, for winning the Katy Qualifier Robotics Tournament. This achieve-ment allowed them to advance to the For In-spiration and Recognition of Science and Technology (FIRST) LEGO League Cham-pionship in Stafford, Texas. Naturally Beck, won the first place cham-pionship for the second year in a row, defeat-ing 23 other teams from all over Houston at the Katy tournament. The Naturally Beck team consists of five members and two mentors for the 2015–2016 roster. Students competing at the FIRST LEGO League really put their engi-neering skills to the test by using LEGO Mindstorms NXT technologies to craft the per-fect robot for research purposes. This year, Naturally Beck’s research project consisted of an inventive solution to address the way the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.047 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE88 February 1, 2016 
community handles its trash. Congratulations to all of Naturally Beck’s team members and mentors for their victory. We are proud of the hard work they have accomplished and wish them luck in the future competitions. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Beck Jr. High team for advancing to the FIRST LEGO League Championship. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Feb-ruary 2, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
FEBRUARY 3 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine an inde-pendent perspective of United States defense policy in the Asia-Pacific re-gion. SD–G50 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the Stream Protection Rule, focusing on impacts on the environment and implications for Endangered Species Act and Clean Water Act implementation. SD–406 10 a.m. Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine spending on unauthorized programs. SD–608 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine strains on the European Union, focusing on impli-cations for American foreign policy. SD–419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine Canada’s fast-track refugee plan, focusing on im-plications for United States national security. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the need for transparency in the asbestos trusts. SD–226 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 1125, to authorize and implement the water rights compact among the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet Indian Reserva-tion, the State of Montana, and the United States, and S. 1983, to authorize the Pechanga Band of Luiseno Mission Indians Water Rights Settlement; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the substandard quality of Indian health care in the Great Plains. SH–216 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold closed hearings to examine counterterrorism strategy, focusing on understanding ISIL. SVC–217 FEBRUARY 4 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the situa-tion in Afghanistan. SD–G50 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Mary Katherine Wakefield, of North Dakota, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, Andrew LaMont Eanes, of Kansas, to be Deputy Commissioner of Social Security for the term expiring January 19, 2019, and Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, and Vik Edwin Stoll, of Missouri, both to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court for a term of fifteen years. SD–215 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Beth F. Cobert, of California, to be Director of the Office of Personnel Management for a term of four years. SD–342 10:30 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Communications, Tech-nology, Innovation, and the Internet To hold hearings to examine ensuring intermodal Universal Service Fund support for rural America. SR–253 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as re-nunciation of United States nation-ality, S. 483, to improve enforcement efforts related to prescription drug di-version and abuse, and S. 524, to au-thorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 FEBRUARY 8 4 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To receive a closed briefing on the way forward in Syria and Iraq. SVC–217 FEBRUARY 9 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine Department of Defense nuclear acquisition pro-grams and the nuclear doctrine in re-view of the defense authorization re-quest for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–232A FEBRUARY 11 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the Na-tional Commission on the Future of the United States Army in review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SD–G50 FEBRUARY 23 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of the Interior. SD–366 MARCH 3 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment To hold hearings to examine regulatory reforms to improve equity market structure. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of En-ergy. SD–366 MARCH 8 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Forest Service. SD–366 
POSTPONEMENTS 
FEBRUARY 4 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine energy-re-lated trends in advanced manufac-turing and workforce development. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.053 E01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D76 Monday, February 1, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S405–S452. Measures Introduced: Four bills were introduced, as follows: S. 2474–2477.
                                       Page S424 
Measures Passed: Honoring the Memory of Anita Ashok Datar: Senate agreed to S. Res. 347, honoring the memory and legacy of Anita Ashok Datar and condemning the terrorist attack in Bamako, Mali, on November 20, 2015.
                                                                         Page S450 
Measures Considered: Energy Policy Modernization Act—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                   Pagse S405–421 
Adopted: Murkowski (for Gardner) Amendment No. 2970 (to Amendment No. 2953), to modify a provision relating to energy management requirements. 
                                                                                              Page S420 
Murkowski (for Reed/Heller) Amendment No. 2989 (to Amendment No. 2953), to ensure that funds for research and development of electric grid energy storage are used efficiently.
                     Page S420 
Murkowski (for Inhofe) Amendment No. 2991 (to Amendment No. 2953), to modify provisions relat-ing to brownfields grants.
                                       Page S420 
Murkowski (for Daines) Amendment No. 3119 (to Amendment No. 2953), to require that the 21st Century Energy Workforce Advisory Board member-ship also represent cybersecurity.
                         Page S420 
Murkowski (for Murphy) Amendment No. 3019 (to Amendment No. 2953), to promote the use of reclaimed refrigerants in Federal facilities.
     Page S420 
Murkowski (for Hirono) Amendment No. 3066 (to Amendment No. 2953), to modify a provision relating to the energy workforce pilot grant pro-gram.
                                                                                  Page S420 Murkowski (for Udall/Heinrich) Amendment No. 3137 (to Amendment No. 2953), to modify a provi-sion relating to a Secretarial order.
                     Page S420 
Murkowski (for Flake) Modified Amendment No. 3056 (to Amendment No. 2953), to include other Federal departments and agencies in an evaluation of potentially duplicative green building programs. 
                                                                                    Pages S420–421 
Pending: Murkowski Amendment No. 2953, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                              Page S405 
Murkowski (for Cassidy/Markey) Amendment No. 2954 (to Amendment No. 2953), to provide for cer-tain increases in, and limitations on, the drawdown and sales of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. 
                                                                                              Page S405 
Murkowski Amendment No. 2963 (to Amend-ment No. 2953), to modify a provision relating to bulk-power system reliability impact statements. 
                                                                                              Page S405 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that it be in order to call up Lee Amendment No. 3023 (to Amendment No. 2953), and Franken Amendment No. 3115 (to Amendment No. 2953); and at 2:30 p.m., on Tuesday, February 2, 2016, Senate vote on or in relation to Lee Amendment No. 3023 (to Amendment No. 2953), and Franken Amendment No. 3115 (to Amendment No. 2953), in the order listed, with no second-degree amend-ments in order prior to the votes, and a 60 vote af-firmative threshold required for adoption; and that the time between 2:15 p.m. and 2:30 p.m., be equally divided in the usual form, and that there be two minutes of debate, equally divided prior to each vote.
                                                                          Pages S419–420 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 11 a.m., on Tuesday, February 2, 2016. 
                                                                                              Page S450 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01FE6.REC D01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D77 February 1, 2016 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, an Agreement on Social Security between the United States and Hun-gary, consisting of a principal agreement and an ad-ministrative agreement; which was referred to the Committee on Finance. (PM–38)
                        Page S424 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: Ricardo A. Aguilera, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Air Force.
                              Page S452 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: R. David Harden, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. Routine lists in the Army and Marine Corps. 
                                                                                Pages S450, S452 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: John Morton, of Massachusetts, to be Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, which was sent to the Senate on June 16, 2015.                                                                         Page S452 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S424–426 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S423–424 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S426–427 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S450 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:41 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 2, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S450.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 27 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4398–4424; and 2 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 109; and H. Res. 593, were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H430–31 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H432–34 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3382, to amend the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act to enhance recreational opportunities, environ-mental restoration activities, and forest management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–404, Part 1); H.R. 677, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for annual cost-of-living adjustments to be made automatically by law each year in the rates of disability compensation for veterans with service- connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for survivors of certain service-connected disabled veterans, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–405); H.R. 2187, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise its regulations regarding the qualifications of natural persons as accredited inves-tors, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–406); H.R. 2209, to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obliga-tions as level 2A liquid assets, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–407); H.R. 3784, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation and a Small Busi-ness Capital Formation Advisory Committee, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–408); H.R. 4168, to amend the Small Business Invest-ment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an annual re-view by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual government-business forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act (H. Rept. 114–409); H.R. 1670, to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair hon-oring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action (H. Rept. 114–410); and H. Res. 594, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3700) to provide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of various housing programs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–411).
                                                                        Page H430 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01FE6.REC D01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD78 February 1, 2016 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Emmer (MN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                            Page H377 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:01 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                     Page H377 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:04 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:14 p.m.
                                           Pages H377–378 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act: H.R. 2187, amended, to direct the Se-curities and Exchange Commission to revise its regu-lations regarding the qualifications of natural persons as accredited investors, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 347 yeas to 8 nays, Roll No. 46; 
                                                                        Pages H378–379, H401 
SEC Small Business Advocate Act: H.R. 3784, amended, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation and a Small Busi-ness Capital Formation Advisory Committee; 
                                                                                    Pages H379–382 
Small Business Capital Formation Enhance-ment Act: H.R. 4168, to amend the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an an-nual review by the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion of the annual government-business forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 390 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 47;
                                                        Pages H382–384, H402 
Requiring the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid assets: H.R. 2209, to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid assets; 
                                                                                    Pages H384–387 
International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking: Concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 515, to protect children from exploitation, especially sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by reg-istered child-sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, and requesting foreign governments to notify the United States when a known child-sex offender is seeking to enter the United States;
                                 Pages H387–394 
Trafficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Con-tracting Act: H.R. 400, amended, to require the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to submit reports on definitions of placement and re-cruitment fees for purposes of enabling compliance with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000;                                                                       Pages H394–396 
Electrify Africa Act: S. 2152, to establish a com-prehensive United States Government policy to en-courage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to develop an appropriate mix of power solutions, in-cluding renewable energy, for more broadly distrib-uted electricity access in order to support poverty re-duction, promote development outcomes, and drive economic growth; and
                                  Pages H396–H400 
Coast Guard Authorization Act: Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 4188, to authorize ap-propriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017.
                                                  Pages H402–420 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:24 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:29 p.m.
                                                     Page H401 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he transmitted an Agreement on Social Security between the United States of America and Hungary?referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–95).
                                                                           Page H400 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H401 and H402. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:27 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
HOUSING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 3700, the ‘‘Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act of 2015’’. The committee grant-ed, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 3700. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. The rule waives all points of order against con-sideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–42 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01FE6.REC D01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D79 February 1, 2016 
and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Representatives Luetke-meyer and Maxine Waters of California. BUSINESS MEETING Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a business meeting on Budget Views and Estimates. The Budget Views and Estimates passed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D25) 
S. 142, to require special packaging for liquid nic-otine containers. Signed on January 28, 2016. (Pub-lic Law 114–116) S. 1115, to close out expired grants. Signed on January 28, 2016. (Public Law 114–117) S. 1629, to revise certain authorities of the Dis-trict of Columbia courts, the Court Services and Of-fender Supervision Agency for the District of Colum-bia, and the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia. Signed on January 28, 2016. (Public Law 114–118) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the implementation of the decision to open all ground combat units to women, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-ing on Russia, the European Union, and American for-eign policy, 5 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine frontline response to ter-rorism in America, 10:15 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the future of the EB–5 regional center program, 10 a.m., SD–226. Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, to hold hearings to examine occupa-tional licensing and the state action doctrine, 2 p.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the Budget Views and Estimates Let-ter of the Committee on Agriculture for the agencies and programs under the jurisdiction of the Committee for fis-cal year 2017, 9:30 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Re-search, hearing entitled ‘‘Opportunities and Challenges in Direct Marketing—A View from the Field’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Afghanistan in 2016: The Evolving Security Sit-uation and U.S. Policy, Strategy, and Posture’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4293, the ‘‘Affordable Retire-ment Advice Protection Act’’; and H.R. 4294, the ‘‘Strengthening Access to Valuable Education and Retire-ment Support Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Hearing on Eight Energy Infrastructure Bills’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Status of the Public Safety Broadband Network’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, business meeting on Committee’s views and estimates on the budget, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Unsustainable Federal Spending and the Debt Limit’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, mark-up on the ‘‘National Strategy to Combat Terrorist Travel Act of 2016’’; ‘‘Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act of 2016’’; the ‘‘Enhancing Overseas Traveler Vetting Act’’; the ‘‘Foreign Fighter Review Act of 2016’’; the ‘‘Ampli-fying Local Efforts to Root out Terror Act of 2016’’; the ‘‘Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4383, the ‘‘DHS Human Trafficking Pre-vention Act of 2016’’; and the ‘‘DHS Acquisition Docu-mentation Integrity Act of 2016’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘FISA Amendments Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. This hearing will be closed. Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing on H.R. 1057, the ‘‘Promoting Auto-motive Repair, Trade, and Sales Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 3070, the ‘‘EEZ Clarification Act’’; and H.R. 4245, to exempt importa-tion and exportation of sea urchins and sea cucumbers from licensing requirements under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘The Need for the Establishment of a Puerto Rico Financial Stability and Economic Growth Authority’’, 11 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 482, the ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01FE6.REC D01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD80 February 1, 2016 of 2015’’; H.R. 812, the ‘‘Indian Trust Asset Manage-ment Demonstration Project Act of 2015’’; H.R. 890, to correct the boundaries of the John H. Chafee Coastal Bar-rier Resources System Unit P16; H.R. 894, to extend the authorization of the Highlands Conservation Act; H.R. 1296, to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms, and for other purposes; H.R. 1475, the ‘‘Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1815, the ‘‘Eastern Nevada Land Implementation Im-provement Act’’; H.R. 2273, to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the ac-tive capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir; H.R. 2538, the ‘‘Lytton Rancheria Homelands Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2857, to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 2880, the ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3004, to amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the au-thorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Cor-ridor Commission; H.R. 3036, the ‘‘National 9/11 Me-morial at the World Trade Center Act’’; H.R. 3079, to take certain Federal land located in Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians, and for other purposes; H.R. 3371, the ‘‘Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3342, to pro-vide for stability of title to certain lands in the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes; H.R. 3620, to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Im-provement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serv-ing residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, and for other pur-poses; and H.R. 4119, to authorize the exchange of cer-tain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jack-son County, Mississippi, between the National Park Serv-ice and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other pur-poses, 4 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Education: Investigation of the CIO’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Seeking Justice for Victims of Palestinian Terrorism in Israel’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 766, the ‘‘Financial Institution Customer Protection Act of 2015; and H.R. 1675, ‘‘Encouraging Employee Owner-ship Act of 2015’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Paris Climate Promise: A Bad Deal for America’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘SBA Management Review: Oversight of SBA’s Entrepreneurial Development Offices’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Choice Consolidation: Evaluating Eligi-bility Requirements for Care in the Community’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reaching America’s Potential: Delivering Growth and Opportunity for All Americans’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of February 2 through February 5, 2016 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of S. 2012, Energy Policy Modernization Act, with votes on or in relation to Lee Amendment No. 3032, and Franken Amendment No. 3115, at 2:30 p.m. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: February 2, to hold hear-ings to examine the implementation of the decision to open all ground combat units to women, 10 a.m., SD–G50. February 3, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine an independent perspective of United States defense policy in the Asia-Pacific region, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. February 3, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to hold closed hearings to examine counter-terrorism strategy, focusing on understanding ISIL, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. February 4, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the situation in Afghanistan, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on the Budget: February 3, to hold hearings to examine spending on unauthorized programs, 10 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Feb- ruary 4, Subcommittee on Communications, Technology, Innovation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine ensuring intermodal Universal Service Fund support for rural America, 10:30 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: February 3, to hold hearings to examine the Stream Protection Rule, focusing on impacts on the environment and implications for Endangered Species Act and Clean Water Act imple-mentation, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: February 4, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Mary Katherine Wakefield, of North Dakota, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, Andrew LaMont Eanes, of Kansas, to be Deputy Commissioner of Social Security for the term ex-piring January 19, 2019, and Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, and Vik Edwin Stoll, of Missouri, both to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court for a term of fifteen years, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: February 2, to receive a closed briefing on Russia, the European Union, and American foreign policy, 5 p.m., SVC–217. February 3, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine strains on the European Union, focusing on implica-tions for American foreign policy, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01FE6.REC D01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D81 February 1, 2016 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: February 2, to hold hearings to examine frontline re-sponse to terrorism in America, 10:15 a.m., SD–342. February 3, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine Canada’s fast-track refugee plan, focusing on implica-tions for United States national security, 10 a.m., SD–342. February 4, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Beth F. Cobert, of California, to be Director of the Office of Personnel Management for a term of four years, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: February 3, business meet-ing to consider S. 1125, to authorize and implement the water rights compact among the Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet Indian Reservation, the State of Montana, and the United States, and S. 1983, to authorize the Pechanga Band of Luiseno Mission Indians Water Rights Settle-ment; to be immediately followed by an oversight hear-ing to examine the substandard quality of Indian health care in the Great Plains, 2:15 p.m., SH–216. Committee on the Judiciary: February 2, to hold hearings to examine the future of the EB–5 regional center pro-gram, 10 a.m., SD–226. February 2, Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, to hold hearings to examine occupational licensing and the state action doctrine, 2 p.m., SD–226. February 3, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the need for transparency in the asbestos trusts, 10 a.m., SD–226. February 4, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in sup-port of terrorism as renunciation of United States nation-ality, S. 483, to improve enforcement efforts related to prescription drug diversion and abuse, and S. 524, to au-thorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, 10:30 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: February 2, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. February 4, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, February 3, Subcommittee on Nutrition, hearing to review incentive programs aimed at increasing low-income families’ purchasing power for fruits and vegetables, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, February 3, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, oversight hearing on Assistance to Combat Wildlife Traf-ficking, 10:30 a.m., H–140 Capitol. Committee on Armed Services, February 3, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Acquisition Reform: Starting Programs Well’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. February 3, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Military Treatment Facilities’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. February 3, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Outside Views on Bio-defense for the Department of Defense’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. February 4, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Naval Strike Fighters: Issues and Concerns’’, 10:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, February 3, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. February 4, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Congressional Budget Office’s Budget and Economic Outlook’’, 9:30 a.m., 210 Cannon. Committee on Education and the Workforce, February 3, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Expanding Educational Opportunity Through School Choice’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Financial Services, February 3, Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, hearing entitled ‘‘Trading with the Enemy: Trade-Based Money Laun-dering is the Growth Industry in Terror Finance’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, February 3, Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Turkey: Political Trends in 2016’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, February 3, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Crisis of Confidence: Preventing Terrorist Infiltration through U.S. Refugee and Visa Pro-grams’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, February 3, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3624, the ‘‘Fraudulent Joinder Preven-tion Act’’; and a resolution establishing the House Com-mittee on the Judiciary Executive Overreach Task Force; and Budget Views and Estimates for FY 2017, 10:15 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. February 4, Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Another Surge of Illegal Im-migrants Along the Southwest Border: Is this the Obama Administration’s New Normal?’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, February 3, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 482, the ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2015’’; H.R. 812, the ‘‘Indian Trust Asset Management Demonstration Project Act of 2015’’; H.R. 890, to cor-rect the boundaries of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System Unit P16; H.R. 894, to extend the au-thorization of the Highlands Conservation Act; H.R. 1296, to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms, and for other purposes; H.R. 1475, the ‘‘Korean War Veterans Memorial Wall of Remembrance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1815, the ‘‘Eastern Nevada Land Implementation Im-provement Act’’; H.R. 2273, to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the ac-tive capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir; H.R. 2538, the ‘‘Lytton Rancheria Homelands Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2857, to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 2880, the ‘‘Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3004, to amend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01FE6.REC D01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD82 February 1, 2016 Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the au-thorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Cor-ridor Commission; H.R. 3036, the ‘‘National 9/11 Me-morial at the World Trade Center Act’’; H.R. 3079, to take certain Federal land located in Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians, and for other purposes; H.R. 3371, the ‘‘Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3342, to pro-vide for stability of title to certain lands in the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes; H.R. 3620, to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Im-provement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serv-ing residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, and for other pur-poses; and H.R. 4119, to authorize the exchange of cer-tain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jack-son County, Mississippi, between the National Park Serv-ice and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other pur-poses (continued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, February 3, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Federal Administration of the Safe Drinking Water Act in Flint, Michigan’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. February 3, Subcommittee on Transportation and Pub-lic Assets, hearing entitled ‘‘Securing Our Skies: Over-sight of Aviation Credentials’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. February 4, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Devel-opments in the Prescription Drug Market: Oversight’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, February 3, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Charting a Course: Expert Perspectives on NASA’s Human Explo-ration Proposals’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. February 4, Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology; and Subcommittee on Oversight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Recommendations for NSF Project Management Reform’’, 9:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, February 3, Subcommittee on Contracting and the Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘SBA Management Review: Office of Government Contracts and Business Development’’, 3 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. February 4, Full Committee, markup on Views and Es-timates on the President’s FY 2017 Budget for the Small Business Administration, 9 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, February 3, Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation, hearing entitled ‘‘The Status of Coast Guard Cut-ter Acquisition Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, February 3, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Lost Opportunities for Veterans: An Examination of VA’s Technology Transfer Program’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, February 3, Full Com-mittee, markup on Views and Estimates on the Fiscal Year 2017 Federal Budget; and H.R. 4294, ‘‘SAVERS Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, February 4, Full Committee, business meeting on consideration of a Com-mittee Report, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This meeting may close. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01FE6.REC D01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D83 February 1, 2016 
Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 4 through January 31, 2016 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 11 10 . . Time in session ................................... 44 hrs., 21 ′ 44 hrs., 42′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 404 376 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 70 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 3 . . 3 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 1 1 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 10 23 33 Senate bills .................................. 2 3 . . House bills .................................. . . 11 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 2 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 1 1 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 5 7 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *8 *18 26 Senate bills .................................. 5 . . . . House bills .................................. 2 14 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . Simple resolutions ....................... 1 4 . . Special reports ..................................... . . . . . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 220 11 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 51 108 159 Bills ............................................. 37 85 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 1 2 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 3 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 10 18 . . Quorum calls ....................................... . . 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 9 10 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 34 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 1 1 . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 4 through January 31, 2016 
Civilian nominations, totaling 195 (including 181 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 4 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 189 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 2 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 319 (including 97 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 319 Air Force nominations, totaling 809 (including 181 nominations car-ried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 716 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 93 Army nominations, totaling 1,959 (including 1,740 nominations car-ried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,749 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 210 Navy nominations, totaling 12 (including 5 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 5 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 7 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 893 (including 3 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 708 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 185 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 2,207 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 1,980 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 3,182 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 1,003 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 2 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:24 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\RECORD16\D01FE6.REC D01FE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD84 February 1, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, February 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 11 a.m.), Senate will continue consideration of S. 2012, Energy Policy Modernization Act, with votes on or in relation to Lee Amendment No. 3032, and Franken Amendment No. 3115, at 2:30 p.m. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, February 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 3700— Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). Complete consideration of H.R. 3662—Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act. Consider-ation of the Veto Message on H.R. 3762—Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blum, Rod, Iowa, E72 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E75, E78, E80, E82 Boustany, Charles W., Jr., La., E72 Buck, Ken, Colo., E85 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E76 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E86 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E77, E83 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E86 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E73 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E84 Cook, Paul, Calif., E77, E79, E83 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E87 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E71 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E78 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E71, E77, E78 Gohmert, Louie, Tex., E85 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E84 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E87 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E77, E84 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E86 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E73, E74 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E87 Long, Billy, Mo., E82 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E71, E79, E81 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E83 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E79 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E73, E74, E75 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E81, E83 Olson, Pete, Tex., E85, E86, E87, E87, E87 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E74, E77 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E82 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E79 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E83 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E72 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E76 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E85 Smith, Jason, Mo., E75, E82 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E76 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E81 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E84 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E73 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E85 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E80 Yarmuth, John A., Ky., E71, E72 Young, Todd C., Ind., E81 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Feb 02, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D01FE6.REC D01FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST