Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S79 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2016 No. 10 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, January 25, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
Senate 
TUESDAY , JANUARY 19, 2016 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Infinite Spirit, Your thoughts are too high for us to comprehend, and Your ways are past finding out. You trans-form our discordant notes into har-mony as Your goodness and mercy pur-sue us. Abide with our Senators. Lord, give them the insight to discern truth from falsehood, the high from the low, and the enduring from the transient. Im-part to them a perspective that will en-able them to find the right path. God, bless America. May we not for-get that without You, no nation can long endure. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). The majority leader is recog-nized. AMERICAN SAFE ACT Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, it is clear that many Americans are con-cerned about the administration’s abil-ity to properly vet thousands of indi-viduals from Syria and Iraq. Elected of-ficials in both parties have expressed concern, too, as have administration officials. That is why many Americans are asking us to take a step back and press pause on the program so we can ensure that we have the correct poli-cies and security screenings actually in place. The Senate will consider bal-anced, bipartisan legislation tomorrow to do just that. Passing the American SAFE Act, which the House has already done with a bipartisan veto-proof margin, would show Americans that their concerns are being heard here in Washington. The aim is to ensure that we have facts first so we can help advance America’s tradition of compassion and address the legitimate concerns of her citizens at the same time. I will have more to say on this legis-lation tomorrow, but I urge colleagues across the aisle to treat this issue with the seriousness it deserves. This debate should be driven by facts and common sense and not fear mongering about targeting widows and orphans or other straw man arguments the White House has made from time to time. Ameri-cans deserve a vetting process they can have confidence in, and frankly the ref-ugees coming to this country deserve one too. Safeguards that weed out ISIL sympathizers can help ensure legiti-mate refugees to our country are not unfairly stigmatized. The American people are concerned and looking to us to lead with both safety and compassion. I am calling on colleagues to help us do so tomorrow by advancing this balanced and bipar-tisan legislation. 
f 
MEETING WITH THE PRIME MINISTER OF AUSTRALIA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Also, Mr. Presi-dent, later this afternoon I will be meeting with Malcolm Turnbull, the Prime Minister of one of our closest al-lies, Australia. Our alliance with Can-berra is an important one, and our countries share many fundamental val-ues. I am looking forward to meeting the Prime Minister. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-nority leader is recognized. 
f 
NUCLEAR DEAL WITH IRAN Mr. REID. Mr. President, I will have more to say tomorrow about the legis-lation about which the Republican leader just spoke. Tomorrow afternoon we will have a vote as to whether we should move to the bill. Along with the rest of the world, I was pleased to learn this weekend that five political prisoners were finally re-leased from Iran and will soon be home with their families. These Americans were unjustly held, and I am glad they will soon be in the arms of their loved ones once again. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JA6.000 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES80 January 19, 2016 
Preventing Iran from obtaining a nu-clear weapon is one of the most press-ing security challenges of our genera-tion. A nuclear-armed Iran is a threat to the national security of the United States, the State of Israel, and the world. Last summer I announced my sup-port for the historic nuclear agreement the United States and the global com-munity made with Iran. This agree-ment required Iran to take significant steps to ensure that its nuclear infra-structure could not be used to build a nuclear bomb. These steps include, among other things, dismantling thou-sands and thousands of centrifuges that are used to enrich uranium, re-moving from Iran its enriched ura-nium, thus reducing its stockpile and eliminating the core of its plutonium reactor. The end result of these steps is that Iran’s breakout time—the time it takes to make enough fissile material to build a bomb—has been extended from a matter of a few months to a year, and some experts would say much, much longer. Over the weekend, the International Atomic Energy Agency confirmed that Iran successfully implemented these initial requirements, an important next act in the implementation of the nuclear agreement. I applaud President Obama, Sec-retary of State John Kerry, Secretary of Energy Dr. Ernest Moniz, and Under Secretary of State Wendy Sherman for using America’s diplomatic power to make the world a safer place. This dip-lomatic approach also avoids the sig-nificant costs and risks a military op-tion would pose. One need only look at Iraq to find out what military options cost—trillions of dollars—because of the worst foreign policy decision in the history of our country: the invasion of Iraq. Hundreds of thousands of people are dead, millions have been displaced, thousands of Americans are dead, and tens of thousands badly wounded. The diplomatic approach avoids the costs and risks the nuclear option poses. No one should think all of the compo-nents of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action have been completed. They have not been. We are now at the be-ginning of a critical period where Iran must allow unprecedented inspections designed to allow the international community to know if Iran tries to break out and race toward building a nuclear weapon. We will know about it. Iran poses a threat to our Nation’s most supportive ally in the Middle East, the State of Israel. Over my four decades in Congress, the safety and se-curity of the Israeli people have been of the utmost importance to me and to this Congress generally, as you can see with the results of the last four dec-ades. We must do everything and we must strive to protect the Israeli peo-ple, and that is why Iran must be held accountable for any action it takes that poses a threat to that small, little democracy. Iran must never obtain a missile ca-pable of delivering a nuclear warhead. I am pleased the administration an-nounced it would impose sanctions on individuals and companies for pro-viding support to Iran’s ballistic mis-sile program. These tests were in clear violation of the United Nations Secu-rity Council resolutions. One thing is clear: Iran must continue to be mon-itored with intense scrutiny. I remain concerned about Iran’s on-going human rights abuses and polit-ical oppression. Iran also remains a state sponsor of terrorism, using its proxies against Israel and against our interests throughout the Middle East. Congress must accept the critical role we play in providing vigorous oversight of the Iran agreement and Iran’s compliance with the agreement, addressing Iran’s ballistic missile pro-gram and monitoring Iran’s actions in the region. This past weekend marked a key step forward to ensuring Iran never gains access to a nuclear weapon. We should always remember that the Iran deal, as it has been called, was to stop Iran from having nuclear weapon capability, and that has been accom-plished. I look forward to working with my colleagues to keep Iran accountable and preserving the national security of both this Nation and our ally, the State of Israel. 
f 
SUPREME COURT REVIEW OF IMMIGRATION RULING Mr. REID. On another subject, Mr. President, this morning the Supreme Court announced its decision to review the Fifth Circuit Court’s illogical rul-ing on President Obama’s Executive ac-tions on immigration. It was only a question of time as to when it would come up because the action of the ap-pellate court was so out of line and un-precedented. I am pleased with the Supreme Court’s decision to take a look at this case. The President’s Executive actions rely on well-established constitutional authority, and I have full confidence the Constitution will rule that these programs can be implemented. While I was home recently, I met with undocumented parents of U.S. citizens and lawful permanent resi-dents. Instead of having the peace of mind that comes with deferred action, these law-abiding men and women, young and old, continue to live in con-stant fear of being separated from their families. They must be allowed to va-cate the shadows and fully contribute to the country they love and call home. Mr. President, what is the schedule of the Senate this afternoon? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I see no one else on the floor, so I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
DRONES Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, have you ever flown a drone? It used to be that you had to fly helicopters or it used to be that you would fly what we call unmanned aerial vehicles, the ones that have been so helpful to us in the war against terror. That would usually be an Air Force pilot. But now people can go to Best Buy or to Walgreens or to the hobby shop and buy a drone this big. If it is an older model, it would cost $100. If it is a newer model, it would cost $500. People can have a lot of fun. As a matter of fact, I can’t wait until they finish development of the drones they are testing right now that I can sit on, and then I can go from point A to point B and avoid the red lights and the traffic jams and so forth. Along with this new technology comes some, certainly, new challenges. So as our commerce committee is ap-proaching work on the FAA bill, the Federal Aviation Administration reau-thorization—otherwise, in a couple of months that authorization law ex-pires—we are going to have to address the issue of drones because we have had now a number of near misses of drones. A study in December came out: 241 near misses. As a matter of fact, the New York area airports clearly had the most with, in this study period, 86, but my State of Florida had both Miami and Orlando with a substantial num-ber. At most of the major metropolitan area airports across the entire coun-try—Los Angeles, 39 near misses, and Chicago and Boston; we can go over the entire country—there is a substantial number. Another report that came out just at the end of last year pointed out that just in September there were 122 inci-dents and just in October there were 137 incidents. If a seagull sucked into the jet engines of US Airways could cause the complete loss of power so that Captain Sully Sullenberger—since he couldn’t get to an emergency land-ing in a field—had to put it down in the Hudson River, and if a seagull with flesh and blood and seagull bones and webbed feet sucked into the engines can stall out a jet engine, we can imag-ine what a drone that you buy at Best Buy this big made of plastic, but with metal parts such as the camera, what that would do, and it is just a matter of time, unless we take action. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JA6.002 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S81 January 19, 2016 
Now, I have a picture here. I would like to zero-in on this. This is a drone, the size that I just showed with my arms, flying past a palm tree in my State of Florida. But if that drone goes higher—higher than the FAA limit right now of 400 feet—and gets into the flightpath of an incoming airliner or one that is outbound, then we have a major disaster on our hands. We want creativity. We want inven-tiveness. This is a new technology and it is great. Look at what we can do now with aerial photography so we don’t have to rent an airplane. Look, how-ever, how it is being used. Did my col-leagues know drones are being used to go over a prison wall and deliver con-traband? How about the reverse: Get-ting messages out? So, obviously, the government is going to have to get into it one way or another. Now, one thing that we could do with this technology is we could require the software to be put in these drones that would prohibit it from getting close to an airport. There is that kind of tech-nology. I suppose we could put the soft-ware in it that would prohibit it from getting above a certain altitude. But the question is this: When somebody breaks those limits, how do we go about identifying them? Should there be some kind of registration number? Should there, in fact, even be licen-sure? We probably don’t have to worry about commercial uses such as aerial photography because those users are going to be very careful. However, for the hobbyist or the kid who can now go and purchase a drone, we see the prob-abilities of an accident waiting to hap-pen. Now, I don’t have the answer. But in the next two months, as we are getting ready on the FAA bill, we are going to have to come up with some answers. So I raise this issue for the Senate. It is a real problem. We have to face it. We have to address it. We have to pre-vent these kinds of terrible accidents that can occur if we do nothing. I intend to do something on the com-merce committee. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FAST ACT Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I want to talk about something that was over-looked late in the year as we passed the surface transportation bill—the highway bill. It was called the Fix America’s Surface Transportation Act or the FAST Act. It wasn’t very fast. I am glad to see the President signed the law last month. It is one of the things people understand they can’t do for themselves—along with defending the country—having a transportation system that works and taking advan-tage of who we are as a nation, being strategically located in as fine a place as you can be to do business, to create jobs and opportunity all over the world. The FAST Act in my State would provide $5 billion to Missouri over the next 5 years to improve our roads, bridges, and rail system. That is the amount of money we will send in over the next 5 years. We are either slightly a donee State or slightly a donor State. We might be better off if we kept all the money, but that is not what is hap-pening right now. We are certainly better off if we know what the highway program looks like for 5 years. An effective transpor-tation plan is good for the country, but it is particularly good where I live. If you look at any map of the river struc-ture of the country or any railroad map of the country or any highway map of the country, a significant part of coming together of all three of those—rail, water, and highways—all happens right where we live. Because we are the hub of the rail-way, highway, and water systems, it is very important that we have a system that makes the most of that where we live. When I had a chance to speak to the Missouri House of Representatives in Jefferson City over the first week of the year, I told the Missouri General Assembly that this is a competitive ad-vantage for us, but we need to make the most of it. When we had the high-way bill that we have had in the 5 years the Presiding Officer and I have served in the Senate, nobody could rely on anything. This is the first 5-year bill we have had in 17 years. But before 2009, we just ended a 4-year highway bill. Then, since 2009, we have had 37 short-term extensions of the highway bill. So if there is anything fast about the FAST Act, it certainly wasn’t quickly getting to a highway bill that works. The long-est of those 37 extensions was 2 years. I think the second longest may have been 6 months. Not only is that no way to build roads and bridges, but it is clearly no way for legislators to have an idea in our home States of how to respond to that plan. By the time you try to figure out how to respond to the plan, how you can maximize it to the advantage of your State—my State or anybody else’s—and how we can maxi-mize that plan to our advantage, the plan is over with. By the time you have a legislative session, look at the plan, the State de-partment of transportation analyzes it, and you start talking about it, the 6- month extension of the highway bill is over—or even the 2-year extension. There are all kinds of studies that indi-cate a significant loss of what you can buy with the money you are spending if the highway bill is 2 years or less. I think the discount is about 30 percent because people don’t bid as competi-tively as they would bid to be part of those projects. They are not willing to move people to where a major project needs to occur. They cannot buy the equipment and plan to depreciate it out. So you wind up paying a lot more than you would have to pay. That is where we have been since 2009. The States have been the place where they didn’t have any way to maximize a Federal program because the Federal program was gone before they could really calculate how they could most take advantage of it. So I hope that now we do one of the things that people really expect the government to do—one of the reasons they pay the taxes and one of the rea-sons the tax for transportation has al-ways been pretty well received. People think: OK, I pay a tax when I fill up my car with gasoline, fill up my car with diesel, fill up my truck with diesel or fill up my truck with fuel. When I do that, I pay a tax and then I use the roads. So that seems fairer to people than most taxes, but we haven’t had a system that allowed us to make the most of that. In our State, 22 percent of the major roads of Missouri are now considered in poor condition. The American Society of Civil Engineers gives us a C, and this is one of the areas where we would want to be an A. If you are a C instead of an A, the average Missouri motorist pays about $400 more a year in extra maintenance because we are trying to maintain a system that has gotten into poor condition. Some 44 percent of our highways are congested. Congestion costs motorists a lot of money in just wasted fuel. You don’t have to spend much time around Washington in a car to realize how much time you can waste in traffic, but we see that happening more and more all over the country. In our State we have more bridges than any other State, and they are in among the worst conditions of the country, with 30 percent of our bridges rated as structurally deficient or func-tionally obsolete. There was just a TIGER grant awarded to replace the Champ Clark Bridge across the Mis-sissippi River, which I believe was built in 1919. If that bridge has to be shut down before it can be replaced or would have been shut down, the detour to get to where that bridge gets you is 75 or 80 miles driving around to where that bridge currently takes people. We have many bridges in our State that are county bridges; they are not State bridges. I have talked to county commissioners, and one of their prin-cipal concerns is this: What about the fund that helps us with our off-system bridges? Senator C
ASEY and I created a fund to do this in 2012. We added it to the 2012 highway bill. Since then, it has provided about $775 million annually to States. Out of that State fund, when-ever you are part of the off-system road system, the State pays 85 percent of a bridge that the county otherwise in most cases wouldn’t be able to re-place. We have one county that I think 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JA6.003 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES82 January 19, 2016 
has 4,000 people and 40 bridges. That is a lot of bridges for 4,000 people to try to be responsible for. It is our smallest county, and that is maybe a different debate, but they have 40 bridges. We have many bridges in our State. The county road-county bridge sys-tem has about 50 percent of all the bridges we have in Missouri. The bridge system and the highway system are critical to us if we want to compete. As the middle of the country grows things and makes things, it is a great oppor-tunity for us to get things—not just onto the river system and onto the railway system—all over the country and all other the world. Transportation really matters. The FAST Act—and I have a hard time saying the FAST Act without thinking how slow the FAST Act really was in getting passed—creates two freight-based programs that allows States to compete for funding for major projects. In a world where we want to compete, we need to figure out how we can compete more effectively. How do you get things to places where they are made into products? How do you get things that are grown and need to be shipped to places? How do you get them to places in a better way? In the life of this bill, the State of Missouri should receive about $150 million to look at those freight projects because those projects and the effective use of how you get things to places create jobs. The Missouri Department of Trans-portation has already developed a State freight plan to encourage strate-gies. Now this bill makes that plan more of a reality. The FAST Act also includes some help for our Nation’s rail systems. I had a bill, the Track, Railroad, and In-frastructure Network Act, that when you are improving a railroad system, it allows you to have the same kind of streamlining that we were recently able to provide for highway construc-tion. You don’t get caught up on some-thing that has to be needlessly liti-gated for long periods of time when, in fact, what you really need to be doing is getting that highway finished in the highway part of this bill or have the expedited ability for these issues to go to the top of the list and to get re-solved so that people can get the things they make where they want to get them. They can get the things they buy quicker than they would get them oth-erwise. They can get to work, they can get to school, and they can get to the hospital when somebody is sick. I mentioned that, particularly be-cause we just had floods in our State in the last few days. For a while, Inter-state 70, Interstate 44, and Interstate 55—all three—were closed. There was a time when two of those were closed at the same time. They were closed for 24 to 36 hours, and it makes a difference in how people are able to live their lives. The Federal Permitting Improve-ment Act that I cosponsored was also included in the bill. This is a piece of legislation that Senator P
ORTMAN and Senator M
CCASKILL introduced. It will now allow better coordination between the deadline setting for permitting de-cisions—the same kind of thing for highways that we are also doing for railroads—to make this important transportation system work. Looking at the United States, Win-ston Churchill once said we were the best located country in the world—an ocean on either side and neighbors that we could deal with north and south. And the ability to get anywhere would be another addition to that location advantage we have. The FAST Act includes two impor-tant provisions to give relief to elec-tricity providers. One is a law that cre-ates emergency route working groups for electricity and other things. If you have a vehicle that needs to get from Oklahoma to Joplin, MO, after the tor-nado, you don’t have to get it espe-cially permitted and authorized to come across that State line in what has been declared an emergency. The same thing would have happened in recent days in several places in our State close to a border, close to the equipment they need. The flood means there is an emergency. Now those vehi-cles can cross the State line without having to have the special permission that needed to be received in the past. Secondly, the Grid Reliability Act that I introduced with my Missouri colleague Senator M
CCASKILL simply improves reliability. If you have two conflicting Federal agencies—one say-ing you can only use that plant so much of the time and another saying we have an electric emergency—you have to use every facility you have to provide the electricity that is needed, and that can now be done. There are many committees of juris-diction here. The commerce committee that I am a member of is certainly the committee that is focused on infra-structure, focused on ports and other things that I haven’t mentioned a lot but that are very important. I have mentioned at other times on the floor of the Senate that this is one of the great accomplishments of the first year of this Congress that may easily go overlooked, but I can tell you that county officials all over America and State legislative bodies all over America are looking at this bill and figuring out how do we use this as a way to move our transportation sys-tem into the 21st century, how do we use this to help provide opportunity, and how do we use this to help provide the kinds of jobs that provide the kind of pay that families need to live on and to live the kinds of lives they would like to live. I look forward to seeing this bill im-plemented. I think all of us need to watch carefully to be sure that we are making the most of one of the respon-sibilities of government. Defending the country and having a transportation system that works are both things that individuals and families can’t do for themselves. I believe the FAST Act gives us a better chance than we have had since 2009 to look at the future with a greater degree of certainty and to work in an area that is critically important for the country but even more important for Missouri and oth-ers who live in the middle of these transportation networks, where they come together. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. LANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AMERICAN SAFE ACT Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, to-morrow the Senate will vote on a mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 4038, also known as the American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act. This bill would prohibit the admission into the United States of refugees from Iraq or Syria or any other refugee who has been present in those countries in the last 5 years unless that person receives a thorough background investigation. The bill would require the Director of the FBI to certify to the Secretary of Homeland Security and also to the Di-rector of National Intelligence that each of those persons has received a background investigation that is suffi-cient to determine whether he or she is a threat to the security of the United States. Then, as a second provision, the Secretary of Homeland Security, with the unanimous concurrence of the Di-rector of the FBI and the Director of National Intelligence, would have to certify to Congress that each refugee is not a security threat; and finally, it re-quires the Homeland Security inspec-tor general to conduct a risk-based re-view of all certifications for the admis-sion of Iraqi and Syrian refugees made by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, the FBI, and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence each year and pro-vide an annual report to the Congress. This bill passed the House over-whelmingly and in a bipartisan manner in November. I intend to vote on the motion to proceed tomorrow. This is a conversation we need to have in the Senate. This is not an issue we can take lightly, despite the plea from President Obama in his State of the Union Address. We cannot allow Amer-ica’s welcome mat to become a door-mat for radicalized Islamic extremists who are hardwired to kill innocent peo-ple and destroy our way of life. Unless and until the United States can figure out a foolproof screening process to prevent terrorists from masquerading as refugees to infiltrate our neighborhoods and our commu-nities, President Obama needs to listen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JA6.010 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S83 January 19, 2016 
to the concerns voiced by more than half of the Nation’s Governors, law-makers on both sides of the aisle on both sides of Capitol Hill, and the American people from across the entire country. After the September 11 attacks, we paused our refugee admission program to reassess its security vetting proce-dures, so there is precedent for sus-pending the refugee program, and this bill does not suspend the refugee pro-gram—only in regard to the single in-stance that I know; that is, we have been threatened that people were going to be snuck into the country under the umbrella of refugee, and of course that is from Iraq and Syria. We need to move cautiously in ac-cepting refugees from Iraq and Syria given the attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, CA, and even elsewhere around the world. We need to fully un-derstand the risks and the schemes that these terrorists are using before we open our doors to 10,000 more Syr-ians. Other countries face the same challenge. Just last week, the French Interior Minister warned his colleagues about the intent of the Islamic State to use authentic-looking Syrian and Iraqi passports to smuggle its operatives into Europe. There is no doubt that the group has obtained thousands of blank passports and intends to facilitate travel by counterfeiting those docu-ments, but more importantly, we must consider a pause in accepting these ref-ugees until we can be sure our back-ground checks and investigations are the best they can be. However, today there is little doubt, even from our leading intelligence officials that we may not be able to stop a Paris-like at-tack because we cannot tell who among the thousands of Syrian refugees that the administration wishes to resettle here are terrorists. The Director of the FBI, James Comey, said: ‘‘My concern is that there are certain gaps . . . in the data avail-able to us’’ in screening Syrian refu-gees. This data, such as fingerprints, background or biographic information, is crucial for adequate screening of po-tential refugees entering the United States. Director Comey also said: ‘‘There is risk associated with bringing anybody in from the outside, but espe-cially from a conflict zone like that.’’ The United States has been success-ful in fighting off many large-scale ter-rorist attacks on our soil, but of course it only takes one mistake. Just last month, the FBI arrested two individ-uals who reside in the United States and entered the country as refugees, one of whom was arrested for attempt-ing to knowingly and willfully provide material support and resources to the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant. A Federal agent testified last week that one of the men charged planned to set off bombs at two Houston malls. I asked for the immigration and crimi-nal histories of these individuals to in-vestigate further and satisfy myself, and I am still waiting for their re-sponse. The concerns are real. The threats are real. We cannot jeopardize our national security simply by rolling out our welcome mat to these terror-ists. President Obama’s lack of strategy in Syria has exacerbated this human catastrophe. Similarly, this adminis-tration has no inclination or strategy to create conditions where refugees can one day return home safely to their own homes. By housing these refugees, the United States is only aiding in a short-term treatment of this whole massive refugee problem and the prob-lems of warfare in the Middle East while at the same time risking the safety of the American people. We must instead focus on defeating ISIS and alleviating the current humani-tarian misery, all while creating a fu-ture for Syrian refugees in their home-land. The No. 1 responsibility of the U.S. Federal Government is to protect the homeland and to secure the country against all threats. Moving this bill on our vote tomorrow is one step we can take to advance this principle and to show our concern that the No. 1 respon-sibility of the Federal Government is the defense of the American people. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
ADOPTEE CITIZENSHIP ACT Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the Adoptee Citizenship Act, legislation that will secure citizenship for adopted children. I wish to thank Senator C
OATS for co-sponsoring the bill with me, along with Senator M
ERKLEY , and Senator G ILLI-
BRAND is also a cosponsor. The Child Citizenship Act of 2000 guaranteed citizenship to most inter-national adoptees. This was very im-portant because sometimes children have been adopted, they come over to live in this country for years, and, in fact, for some reason—the paperwork wasn’t filed—they do not actually have their citizenship. The problem with that law back in 2000 was that it did not apply to adoptees who were over 18 at the time the bill was passed. I am sure there were some reasons for that, but it really makes no sense because a kid who was 17 at the time and had been legally adopted was no different from a child who was 19 at the time who had been legally adopted. What our bill does is very limited. It fixes that. The loophole denies some adult adoptees the right to citizenship even though they were legally adopted by U.S. citizens and raised in the United States. They are over 18, so they have for the most part lived in the United States for a very long period of time. In fact, they were over 18 back in the year 2000. The bipartisan Adoptee Citizenship Act would fix this problem by giving citizenship to international adoptees— people who were legally adopted, who were 18 in the year 2000 or older—re-gardless of how old they were when the Child Citizenship Act passed. These adoptees grew up in American families, they went to American schools, they lead American lives, yet adopted chil-dren who are not covered by the Child Citizenship Act are not guaranteed citizenship. Because of their lack of citizenship, adoptees have been refused admission to college and turned down for jobs. This constant threat to the life they know is unjust, and this bill would simply ensure that international adoptees are recognized as the Ameri-cans they truly are. The bill is especially important in my home State of Minnesota. Many people don’t know this, but Minnesota actually has one of the highest rates of international adoption in the country. Minnesota families have opened their homes and their hearts to children from all over the world—from Vietnam, to Guatemala, to Nepal, to Haiti. As cochair of the Congressional Coa-lition on Adoption, I have worked with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support adoptive families and chil-dren. Our children—all kids—deserve so much more than a roof over their heads and a bed to sleep in. Each and every child deserves a loving home, a nur-turing family, and a brighter future. That is what this bill is all about. It fixes something. It closes a loophole. It has bipartisan support. I ask my col-leagues to consider voting for it. There is obviously a lot of interest from adoptees all across the country who have been living with this, through no fault of their own, for years and years and years. f 
HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES 
MAJOR ADRIANNA VORDERBRUGGEN  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today to honor U.S. Air Force Maj. Adrianna Vorderbruggen, who was tragically killed in the line of duty 4 days before Christmas when a Taliban suicide bomber rammed his motorcycle carrying explosives into a joint NATO- Afghan patrol near Bagram Air Force Base in Afghanistan. She was the high-est ranking military officer there who was killed. There were several others who tragically lost their lives as well. Today I had the honor of attending the major’s funeral service at the Fort Myer Memorial Chapel. Senator F
RANKEN was also there. She was laid to rest with full military honors at the Arlington National Cemetery. She is survived by her wife Heather, her son Jacob, her father Joseph, and her brothers, Dan, John, and Chris. I will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JA6.012 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES84 January 19, 2016 
note that three of the four members of the family—since I was just talking about adoption—were, in fact, adopted. Adrianna was a native of my home-town of Plymouth, MN, where she at-tended my alma mater, Wayzata High School. She excelled in both academics and athletics and was a 3-year starter on the Wayzata High School women’s soccer team. This is a very large subur-ban high school. The year she was a starter and captain, she led the team to the State championship. She was also the captain of the Wayzata High School hockey team. She went on to the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado and graduated in 2002. In her senior year, she led the women’s rugby team to the national championship title. She was their co-captain, so you can imagine. She was a starter on the soccer team and helped lead that team in high school to a State championship. She was the cap-tain of the hockey team, which is a big deal in Minnesota, of a big high school, and she was also the cocaptain of the rugby team and helped lead that team to a national championship title in the Air Force. We can imagine the leader-ship Adrianna had shown through her life. She always loved sports—some-thing that was talked about a lot today by her family. After graduating, she attended the Air Force Special Investigations Acad-emy and was deployed to Iraq until 2005. In 2009 she was selected as an Air Force Institute of Technology student in forensic sciences and earned a mas-ter’s degree in forensic sciences at George Washington University. In 2010 she became a special agent for the Air Force Office of Special Investigations, which investigates felony-level crimes committed by or against Air Force per-sonnel in the United States and over-seas. Major Vorderbruggen was also an outspoken opponent to the military’s former don’t ask, don’t tell policy. She and Heather, an Air Force veteran, were among the first servicemembers to marry after the policy was rescinded in 2010. Adrianna chose to serve her country in spite of the military’s pol-icy and fought for reform rather than hiding her identity. As her older broth-er Chris said, ‘‘She inspired us all, I think, by just being herself, and being proud to be who she was.’’ Adrianna was known by her family and friends for her positive attitude and her infectious smile. At the service this morning, her dad remembered Adrianna’s ability to remain upbeat even under challenging circumstances. And she loved their little boy, Jacob, who was there today with a loving fam-ily around him. Major Vorderbruggen will be remem-bered for the work she did in service to her country and the work she did to make sure all brave men and women in uniform receive the honor and the dig-nity they so rightfully deserve. I am proud to call Maj. Adrianna Vorderbruggen a daughter of Min-nesota. She gave her life for a country she loves. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Wilhelmina Marie Wright, of Minnesota, to be United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be 30 minutes of debate. The Senator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I am proud to rise in support of Justice Wilhelmina Wright’s confirmation as a district court judge for the District of Minnesota. Justice Wright, as the members of the Judiciary Committee learned during her fine hearing, is a dedicated public servant with a distin-guished career spanning the State and Federal legal system. She is the first person in the history of Minnesota to serve at all three levels of the judiciary and receive this nomination. She served as a district court judge in Min-nesota, she served for the Minnesota Court of Appeals, and she now serves on the Minnesota Supreme Court. Her 15 years of judicial experience make her ready to do this job on day one, and I can state that when you hear the sta-tistics about the overload for the Dis-trict of Minnesota, we need her to start tomorrow on day one. Her qualifications are impeccable. Justice Wright has sat on panels decid-ing over 2,000 cases and presided over nearly 700. Yet with all those cases and all these opinions, there were no seri-ous questions raised at all about her being biased or unfair in some way in her work as a judge. In fact, it was the opposite. She has the support of former Senator Norm Coleman, a Republican, and many others in our State who have served across the aisle. Her qualifica-tions reveal a thoughtful and a tal-ented jurist, one who applies the law to the facts of each case. Justice Wright currently serves as associate justice of the Minnesota Su-preme Court, a position she has had since her appointment in 2012. As the first African-American woman to serve on the court, Justice Wright has earned the respect of litigants, law-yers, and judicial colleagues alike. Justice Wright was born in Norfolk, VA. She graduated from Yale College cum laude in 1986 and received her law degree from Harvard Law School in 1989. After law school, Justice Wright clerked for Judge Damon Keith of the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. She then went into private practice for 5 years at Hogan & Hartson. Before long she felt the pull of public service. She joined the Office of the U.S. Attorney for the District of Minnesota and has been a dependable and dedicated leader of the Minnesota legal system ever since that time. During her time as a Federal prosecutor, she received the U.S. Department of Justice Director’s Award and the Department’s Special Achievement Award. If you look at her path before she be-came a judge, every step of the way she excelled. She excelled growing up. She excelled in college and law school in terms of her record. She excelled as a judicial clerk, she excelled in private practice, and she excelled in the U.S. attorney’s office, where she received numerous awards. She was then ap-pointed by, I believe, Gov. Jesse Ven-tura. She did not start her career as a political appointee. He was in the Inde-pendent Party. She served as a Ramsey County district court judge from 2000 to 2002, when she was appointed to the Minnesota Court of Appeals. She served for 10 years until her most recent appointment to the Minnesota Supreme Court. Justice Wright is also involved in a variety of civic and bar activities. She devotes 50 hours per year to educating the public on the law. If that is not enough, Justice Wright has also worked to improve the legal system. She has been a member of the Minnesota Judicial Council, the Min-nesota Courts Public Trust and Con-fidence Working Group, and the Min-nesota State Bar Association Task Force on the Minnesota Bar Associa-tion Model Rules of Professional Con-duct. In 2006, the Minnesota Women Lawyers honored her with the Myra Bradwell Award for her service, and in 2012 the Minnesota Association of Black Lawyers presented her with the President’s Award. The law has always been more than a profession for Justice Wright. It has been central to her own development. Growing up, she watched her parents fight the Norfolk, VA, school system to ensure her access to the same edu-cational opportunities as everyone else. The protections enforced by the legal system were crucial to her fam-ily’s struggle. As Justice Wright has said about the Supreme Court’s deci-sion in Brown v. Board of Education: ‘‘Aside from the Bible, that court order was the most important written docu-ment in my family’s life.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JA6.019 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S85 January 19, 2016 
The law worked for Justice Wright. In turn, she has dedicated her own life to the law and to fairness and impar-tiality. Justice Wright deserves to be con-firmed. As I said, the Judiciary Com-mittee hearing went extremely well. She has the support of many members of the committee. In fact, her nomina-tion went through without an objec-tion when we had the vote. She ex-plained any questions that the mem-bers of the Judiciary Committee had— and there were some, obviously. A very good Senator asked a lot of questions on the committee. She explained any question they had about past legal writings from law school and other issues. They felt secure in her nomina-tion and passed her out of committee without any objection. No new issues have been raised since that time. There were no serious questions about the 2,300 cases she handled. I can’t think of many nominees we have had with that kind of record. I would add that this nomination is particularly important to the District of Minnesota. The U.S. Judicial Con-ference has deemed the current va-cancy in our State to be a judicial emergency. Our district caseload has increased significantly in recent years. In 2014, the district saw a 57-percent jump in case filings, with nearly 6,000 Federal cases currently pending. Judge Davis assumed senior status last Au-gust, vacating the position for which she has been nominated. Failing to fill this judicial vacancy is failing the peo-ple of Minnesota. I am so proud of my colleagues and thank them for their support, both Democrats and Republicans on the Ju-diciary Committee who will be voting for her today. Justice Wright is the type of nominee we strive for—the best candidate for the job. We had a bipar-tisan committee led by two private practice lawyers, one having served as U.S. attorney for the State of Min-nesota under the first President Bush and the second President Bush, Tom Heffelfinger. He chaired this com-mittee which looked at so many quali-fied nominees and made this rec-ommendation to Senator F
RANKEN and myself. So this process from the begin-ning has been completely bipartisan and impeccable and we are proud of that process. The ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated Justice Wright as ‘‘well qualified’’ to serve as a district court judge for the District of Minnesota, which is the highest rating the committee awards. It is based on a confidential peer re-view of Justice Wright’s professional competence, integrity, and judicial temperament. As Senator Coleman, a former Sen-ator from the State of Minnesota, a Re-publican Senator, said: ‘‘I fully support her nomination and have commu-nicated that to my former colleagues.’’ Why does Senator Coleman support this nomination? Because he looked at the record of a woman of integrity, a woman who had not one case ques-tioned before the very thorough Judici-ary Committee, who has the support of many of the Republican Senators—no objections raised when the vote was taken. This is exactly the kind of nominee we want. Justice Wilhelmina Wright will make a fine Federal district court judge for the District of Minnesota. I urge all my colleagues to support this superb nomi-nee. The people of Minnesota need and deserve a judge of Wilhelmina Wright’s caliber. We are proud of our Federal judges in Minnesota. Some came from Democratic administrations, some came out of Republican administra-tions, but they have always had the reputation of integrity. Justice Wright will continue to uphold that reputation of integrity. I ask my colleagues to support her. Thank you, Mr. President, and I yield the floor. I also see that my colleague Senator FRANKEN is here as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Mr. FRANKEN. Thank you, Mr. President. I thank the senior Senator from Min-nesota for her remarks about Wilhel-mina Wright. I join her in rising not just in strong support but enthusiastic support for Justice Wilhelmina Wright’s nomination to serve on the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota. We call her Justice Wright because she is on the Minnesota Su-preme Court. She has been an excellent consensus nominee. I would like to thank Chairman G
RASSLEY and Ranking Member L EAHY  for working to ensure that the Judici-ary Committee reported out her nomi-nation favorably. I would also like to thank Leader M
CCONNELL for sched-uling this afternoon’s vote. As of today, Justice Wright’s nomi-nation has been pending for 279 days— more than 9 months. The seat she has been nominated to fill has been de-clared a judicial emergency. So I am pleased the Senate is moving to con-firm Justice Wright and that Minneso-tans seeking justice will soon be able to have their day in court. Justice Wright is, without question, the best candidate for this position. Not only did she earn a stellar reputa-tion as a Federal prosecutor in Min-nesota, but Justice Wright is the only person in our State’s history to serve as a judge at all three levels of Min-nesota’s judiciary. In her 15 years on the bench, Justice Wright has heard more than 2,000 cases, and none of her rulings in those cases raised concern during her hearing, which is why her nomination was approved without ob-jection by the Judiciary Committee in September. For those who have known her, this comes as no surprise. Justice Wright understands the role of a judge. Her unwavering commitment to fair-ness and impartiality, as well as her reputation for professionalism, ex-plains why Justice Wright enjoys a deep well of support in Minnesota from both sides of the aisle, and I emphasize that. Senator KLOBUCHAR and I formed a bipartisan selection committee to as-sist us in identifying a nominee for this vacancy. That committee was co-chaired by Tom Heffelfinger, a Repub-lican former U.S. attorney for the Dis-trict of Minnesota under Presidents George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush. They are two different people, H.W. and W. Bush, both Presidents. In recommending Justice Wright to Senator K
LOBUCHAR and to me, Mr. Heffelfinger said that her nomination ‘‘continues the long Minnesota tradi-tion of selecting federal judges based on their professionalism and experi-ence, rather than political connections. Justice Wright embodies everything one could look for in a federal judge: experience, intellectual firepower, a calm and patient demeanor, and a deep personal understanding of the issues facing the people of this country.’’ I think everybody on that panel abso-lutely agreed with Tom Heffelfinger, who is a great public servant. If Tom Heffelfinger, who is a great public fig-ure himself, says those words, they are high praise indeed. And it was echoed by other conservative voices before Justice Wright’s hearing before the Ju-diciary Committee. Chairman G
RASS -
LEYnoted that several Republicans had called him to voice support for her nomination. One of those calls came from my colleague in the House, Rep-resentative E
RIK PAULSEN , who rep-resents Minnesota’s Third District. It is clear to me why the people of my State, regardless of their political persuasion, support her nomination. Justice Wright’s integrity, her dedica-tion to public service, and her commit-ment to equal justice reflect Minnesota values. I strongly urge that all of my col-leagues support Wilhelmina Wright, and I look forward to her confirmation. This is very important. We have other judges who are up for confirmation who come from States such as Iowa and Ne-braska. They have been signed off by both of their Senators, including the Presiding Officer. This is a bipartisan commission with bipartisan support, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote for Justice Wilhelmina Wright, who now sits on the Minnesota Supreme Court, to sit on the Federal district court. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, yester-day, our Nation celebrated the birth-day of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He is a hero to millions of Americans for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JA6.022 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES86 January 19, 2016 
helping to break down racial barriers in this country. It is fitting that today the Senate is turning to a confirmation vote that will increase racial diversity on our Federal bench. Justice Wilhel-mina Wright is nominated to a judicial emergency vacancy on the U.S. Dis-trict Court for the District of Min-nesota. Justice Wright currently serves on the Minnesota Supreme Court. She is the first African-American woman to serve on that court and the first person in Minnesota history to serve as a judge at all three levels of the State ju-diciary. I commend Senators K
LOBUCHAR and F
RANKEN for their tireless efforts in helping to move this nomination to a vote. A vote on her nomination is long overdue. Justice Wright was nominated in April 2015, over 9 months ago. She was reported out of the Judiciary Com-mittee by unanimous voice vote over 4 months ago. After months of needless delay, we could and should have voted to confirm her at the end of the last session. I know Justice Wright will make a superb Federal judge. Since 2012, she has served as an associate justice on the Minnesota Supreme Court. From 2002 to 2012, she served on the Min-nesota Court of Appeals, and prior to her tenure on that court, she was the first African-American to serve as a judge on the district court in the sec-ond judicial district, Ramsey County, Minnesota, from 2000 to 2002. In her 15- year judicial career, Justice Wright has presided over or served on panels that decided more than 2,000 cases. Prior to her appointment to the bench, she was a Federal prosecutor for the district of Minnesota for 5 years. Justice Wright graduated with her B.A., cum laude, from Yale University and earned her law degree from Har-vard Law School. Upon graduating from law school, she clerked for Judge Damon J. Keith on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. With her considerable professional experi-ence, it is no surprise that the ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary has unanimously rated her ‘‘Well Qualified’’ to serve on the dis-trict court, its highest rating. She also has the enthusiastic support of her home State Senators, Senators F
RANKEN and K LOBUCHAR . Based on her wealth of judicial expe-rience and broad support, I cannot think of any good reason why Justice Wright should not be confirmed with an overwhelming vote. After Justice Wright is confirmed, there will be votes under a bipartisan agreement on three other district court nominees—one to the district of New Jersey, one to the southern district of Iowa, and one to the northern district of Iowa. These nominees will be con-firmed by President’s Day. After we re-turn to session in February, I hope that Republican leadership will continue to schedule nominees for confirmation votes to address the 72 current judicial vacancies that we face today, 32 of which are judicial emergencies. A Politico article last week discussed demands from certain extreme conserv-ative groups for Republican leadership to shut down the confirmation process and block all judicial confirmations for the remainder of the year. I am hopeful that the majority leader will not let moneyed Washington interests decide whether we will uphold our Senatorial oath to provide advice and consent to the President on judicial nominations. Shutting down all judicial confirma-tions would be a dangerous departure from prior practice. In the last 5 Presi-dential election years, the Senate has confirmed an average of 30 judicial nominees in the final year prior to Election Day. As both chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Com-mittee, I have worked with Repub-licans to confirm judicial nominees, re-port nominees out of committee, and hold hearings for nominees well into September of Presidential election years. This was the case in 2008, when I was chairman of the committee with a Re-publican President, and we worked to confirm judicial nominees as late as September of the Presidential election year. In fact, Senate Democrats helped confirm all 10 of President Bush’s dis-trict court nominees pending on the Senate floor in a single day by unani-mous consent on September 26, 2008. This was similarly true in 2004, when I was ranking member of the committee with a Republican President, and we worked to confirm nominees as late as September of the Presidential election year. Any attempt to shut down the judi-cial confirmation process to satisfy moneyed Washington interests groups would be wrong. It would only work to harm our justice system and the Amer-ican people we were elected to rep-resent. Outstanding nominees from Tennessee, Maryland, New Jersey, Ne-braska, New York, and California have been pending on the floor for months. Nearly all of them would fill emer-gency vacancies. Votes on these nomi-nees must be scheduled without further delay. In addition to these pending nomi-nees, there are also four Pennsylvania district court nominees and a Rhode Is-land nominee that the Senate Judici-ary Committee is poised to report out this month. And in committee, nomi-nees from States represented by Repub-lican Senators—including Florida, Georgia, Oklahoma, Utah, Wisconsin, and Indiana—continue to wait for a hearing. It is up to the Senators from those States to urge their leadership to consider these nominees without delay so they can serve the people of those great States. I urge a vote for her confirmation. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that all time on both sides be yielded back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the nomination of Wilhelmina Marie Wright, of Min-nesota, to be United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota? Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. THUNE. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. CORNYN ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), and the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 58, nays 36, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 3 Ex.] YEAS—58 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Coats Collins Coons Corker Donnelly Durbin Ernst Feinstein Flake Franken Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—36 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Cassidy Cochran Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Fischer Gardner Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker 
NOT VOTING—6 
Cornyn Cruz Graham Rubio Sanders Scott 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will now resume legislative action. The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JA6.024 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S87 January 19, 2016 
with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TERRORIST ATTACKS AGAINST INDIA Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I con-demn the recent terrorist attack on the Indian Pathankot Air Force Sta-tion, which took the lives of seven In-dian security force personnel, as well as the attack on the Indian Consulate in Mazar-e-Sharif, Afghanistan. These deplorable acts of aggression threaten to undermine India’s security and also its peaceful activities in Afghanistan, which are in the interests of both na-tions, as well as the United States. It is my understanding that a Paki-stan-based terrorist group is likely re-sponsible for the attack, and it is im-perative that these terrorists be brought to justice. The United States must stand shoulder-to-shoulder with India in facing this common security threat. As violent, Islamic extremism emanating from Pakistan continues to threaten the long-term stability of the region, it is increasingly important that Pakistan reject such aggression and do everything in its power to root out and eliminate these terrorists. 
f 
THE CONTINUING CHALLENGE OF MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, yester-day Americans once again paused to re-member a great and prophetic leader, the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Chances are, you heard a snippet yes-terday of Dr. King’s immortal ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech. Maybe you heard a tape of Dr. King dreaming of that day when ‘‘my four little children will one day live in a na-tion where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the con-tent of their character.’’ That is the Martin Luther King, Jr., that we like to remember: the dreamer. But Dr. King did more than inspire us. He chal-lenged us. And he challenges us still. Dr. King told us about his dream for America in 1963. He was murdered in 1968. In the 5 years between the March on Washington and his death, Dr. King’s mission—and his challenges to us—grew. Like the prophet he was, in his final years, Dr. King spoke more and more frequently and forcefully about injus-tice. Many of the injustices that Dr. King spoke of remain with us today. Some are even greater today than when Dr. King died. Three years after Dr. King’s assas-sination, the writer Carl Wendell Hines penned a poem which he entitled, ‘‘A Dead Man’s Dream.’’ These are his words: 
Now that he is safely dead let us praise him Build monuments to his glory, sing hosannas to his name. Dead men make such convenient heroes. They cannot rise to challenge the images we would fashion from their lives. And besides, it is easier to build monuments than to make a better world. So now that he is safely dead We, with eased consciences, can teach our children that he was a great man, Knowing that the cause for which he lived is still a cause And the dream for which he died is still a dream A dead man’s dream. So wrote the poet Carl Wendell Hines 45 years ago. The Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 were two of the most important laws passed in the last century. Dr. King’s leadership and the sacrifices of millions of other men and women of good faith who believed in his mission were indispensable to the passage of those two historic laws. But Dr. King knew that civil rights and voting rights were only partial vic-tories without economic justice. As he, himself, said of the now iconic Greens-boro lunch counter sit-ins: ‘‘What good is having the right to sit at a lunch counter if you can’t afford to buy a hamburger?’’ At the end of his life, Dr. King was planning what he called the Poor Peo-ple’s Campaign. He was challenging America to offer greater economic jus-tice and opportunity to poor people of all races and backgrounds. We have much more work to do if we are going to make that part of Dr. King’s dream a reality. The Great Recession ended officially in 2009. Economic growth has returned to America. But for African Americans and many other Americans, economic fairness is farther out of reach than it’s been in decades. Wall Street has regained all of the value it lost in the Great Recession and then some. But middle-class and work-ing-class Americans haven’t recovered from that economic disaster. When you factor in inflation, the av-erage American family hasn’t had a raise since 1971, shortly after Dr. King’s death. A recent survey shows that 62 percent of Americans have less than $1,000 in their savings accounts—and a third of those undersavers have no sav-ings account at all. In 1965, the average CEO was paid 20 times as much as the average worker in his or her—usually his—company. Today the average CEO earns more than 295 times as much as the average worker. The economic disparities are even greater when you factor in race. Think about this: African Americans are al-most three times more likely to live in poverty today than White Americans. And the median net worth of White households is 13 times the level for Black households. We have a long way to go to achieve Dr. King’s dream of economic justice and fairness in America. We should strengthen the Wall Street reforms that Congress passed to prevent a re-peat of the kind of recklessness that caused the Great Recession, not gut those reforms. Dr. King was murdered in Memphis, TN, where he had gone to show support for striking sanitation workers. Two months earlier, two black sanitation workers in Memphis had been crushed to death by faulty equipment. The city’s sanitation workers organized a strike for job safety, better pay, and the right to unionize; and Dr. King took on their cause. For years now, the rights of working people to band together and unionize has been under attack—an attack fi-nanced by wealthy corporate interests. Earlier this month, the U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments in Friedrichs v. California Teachers’ Association, which asks the Court to overrule dec-ades of precedent protecting the ability of working people to win fair wages and working conditions through effective unionizing. If we truly believe in the America Martin Luther King gave his life for, we should protect the right of workers to form and join unions, not work to diminish and destroy that right. The words that Dr. King spoke at the 1963 March on Washington have become part of our American creed. But the 1963 March was not the first time that Martin Luther King had spoken to a large crowd in Washington. In 1957, on the third anniversary of the Supreme Court’s historic Brown v. Board of Education decision that found segregated, ‘‘separate but equal’’ schools to be inherently unequal and unconstitutional, a 29-year-old Martin Luther King spoke in Washington at a rally billed as a Prayer Pilgrimage for Freedom. For 3 years, Southern States had engaged in what they called ‘‘mas-sive resistance’’ to the Supreme Court’s ruling. Martin Luther King titled his re-marks at the 1957 Prayer Pilgrimage Give Us the Ballot. His message was simple: If Congress and other elected officials will not enforce the law of the land, give African Americans the bal-lot, and ‘‘we will elect legislatures that will.’’ Eight years later, Congress passed the Voting Rights Act. For years, the Voting Rights Act was hailed by both parties as a great achievement. It was repeatedly reauthorized by large, bi-partisan majorities in Congress. In 2013, however, a slim conservative majority on the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act in Shelby Coun-ty v. Holder by striking down the pro-vision that required certain jurisdic-tions to preclear any changes to their voting laws with the Department of Justice. If we truly believe in Dr. King’s dream for America, let’s work together to restore the Voting Rights Act this year. One year to the day before he died, Dr. King delivered a sermon at River-side Church in New York City that cost him the support of many old political allies. It was a speech condemning America’s actions in the war in Viet-nam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JA6.026 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES88 January 19, 2016 
If Dr. King were alive today, I think he would be heartbroken, and he would challenge us to confront the tidal wave of guns that have turned so many American neighborhoods into combat zones. Yes, the Second Amendment speaks of a right to bear arms. But children ought to have a right to play on school playgrounds without getting caught in gang crossfire. Americans ought to be able to go to a movie or to a college lecture or a church Bible study class without risk-ing being killed by someone who is too sick or too dangerous to have a gun but has one anyway. Martin Luther King was taken from us by gun violence. If we truly believe in his dream, let’s work together to find ways to keep guns out of the wrong hands. ‘‘It is easier to build monuments than to make a better world.’’ That is what the poet said. But people don’t elect us to do the easy work. They ex-pect us to do the hard work, the nec-essary work, of making America bet-ter, fairer, and more secure. I ask my colleagues: Let’s work to-gether to advance economic justice, protect voting rights, and end the vio-lence that is turning too many Amer-ican neighborhoods into war zones. In short, let’s work together to advance Dr. King’s dream. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING AL WITTE ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Albert Matthew Francis Witte, a University of Arkan-sas professor emeritus, former NCAA president, and World War II bombardier who recently passed away December 23, 2015, at the age of 92. Witte, born in Pittsburgh, PA, en-listed in the U.S. Army Air Corps in November 1942 after graduating high school. His prominent military career included flying 35 missions with the 15th Air Force in Italy as a second lieu-tenant bombardier, and he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his service. After earning his bachelor’s and mas-ter’s degrees from the University of Chicago, he went on to the University of Wisconsin School of Law, where he practiced law in Milwaukee. Witte spent the rest of his career at the Uni-versity of Arkansas School of Law, where he officially retired in 1994, but continued teaching until the fall 2015 semester. ‘‘He taught at the University of Ar-kansas School of Law for nearly six decades—that’s almost two-thirds of the school’s 91-year existence,’’ Stacy Leeds, the dean of the University of Ar-kansas School of Law recently said of Witte. His passion for law led to his involve-ment in many professional related projects, including member of the Fay-etteville Planning Commission, mem-ber of the Arkansas Bar Association, a legal consultant to the Southern Gov-ernor’s Conference, and a special as-sistant Arkansas attorney general, just to name a few. Witte’s experiences made him a trusted confidant and consult to many in the University of Arkansas’s ath-letics department as well. Twenty years of service as the university’s fac-ulty athletic representative allowed him to work with the Southwest and Southeast Conferences, the College Football Association, and the National Collegiate Athletic Association. His NCAA involvement included terms as Division I vice president and the asso-ciation president in 1989. On behalf of the U.S. Congress, I am privileged to recognize the life of Al-bert Matthew Francis Witte. As a member of the Greatest Generation, he lived a life of service. He leaves a last-ing legacy through his brave military service, countless efforts on behalf of the University of Arkansas, and the knowledge he shared with several gen-erations of attorneys across the Na-tion.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING HECLA MINING COMPANY ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 125th anniversary of Hecla Mining Company, which is celebrating a remarkable milestone in its long and important history in the State of Idaho. Hecla Mining Company was formed in October of 1891 for the purposes of ac-quiring and trading mining claims in what was then north Idaho’s newly dis-covered Silver Valley. Mining played an integral role in the settlement of the West and, in particular, north Idaho. The resulting mining boom em-ployed thousands of people living in the region. The Silver Valley has pro-duced more than 1.2 billion ounces of silver. Hecla is now the last of the area’s pioneer mining companies and the largest primary silver producer in the United States. Hecla has not just weathered the storms of the last 125 years; rather, it has been shaped by them. The company and its workers’ grit and resolve en-abled their perseverance through the Panic of 1893, the Great Depression, and two World Wars; and they have had many achievements worthy of reflec-tion. The minerals produced by Hecla played a key role in our Nation’s de-fense and continue to play an integral role in the pursuit of alternative en-ergy sources and other essential uses. Silver is a key ingredient for solar vol-taic cells and is important for modern electronic and medical applications. Hecla also advanced techniques that improved mine worker safety and works to deepen its connection with the communities in which it operates, while resolving legacy environmental issues. Additionally, Hecla is currently taking the Lucky Friday mine to 10,000 feet below the surface—opening up more than 20 years of additional re-sources. The company and its approximately 1,300 workers provide tremendous eco-nomic and charitable benefits to com-munities and our Nation. Hecla’s chari-table foundation has provided more than $1.5 million in the last 7 years alone in support of education, youth activities, community health, and in-frastructure. The company estimates that its Lucky Friday Mine in north Idaho has provided more than $1 billion to the local and State economy in the last 5 years. Hecla’s employees support numerous community needs, including serving on school boards and other elected positions, as emergency med-ical technicians and firemen. Congratulations, Hecla Mining Com-pany and employees, on 125 years of ac-complishments. Thank you for your hard work and commitment to strengthening our communities, Idaho, and Nation. I wish you all the best for continued success.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO SHERADIA LINTON ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Sheradia Linton, a teenager from Havre, MT, who recently used her Make-A-Wish request to sup-port an orphanage for special needs children in India. Sheradia and her family visited the Save the Children India School in Mumbai, where they delivered school supplies and nearly $3,000 that they had raised to the or-phanage. During the trip, the family also met with Save Our Sisters girls, who had been rescued from sex traf-ficking, and participated in a sports day for the special-needs children at the orphanage. Sheradia has Burkitt Lymphoma, a form of non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma that affects her immune cells. But despite all she has been through, she still has a desire to help others in need. I com-mend Sheradia and her family for their work to help and support the children at the Save the Children India School. Sheradia’s heart for service and her dedication to improving the lives of others is something that all Montanans can be proud of.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROSS BRYANT ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Ross Bryant, the di-rector of the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, UNLV, military and veteran services center. It gives me great pleas-ure to recognize Mr. Bryant who does so much for Nevada’s veterans, active military members, and their families pursuing academic degrees. Mr. Bryant served in the U.S. Army for 24 years before beginning his career to help fellow veterans and active serv-icemembers. He began working at UNLV 14 years ago, starting as com-mander of the UNLV Army ROTC pro-gram. He later took on the position of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JA6.018 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S89 January 19, 2016 
deputy director of the Institute for Se-curity Studies before accepting his cur-rent role as director of the military and veteran services center. As direc-tor, Mr. Bryant works to help active military members and veterans experi-ence a fluid transition from the battle-field to college life. He also developed numerous university and community outreach programs for UNLV to help active military and veteran students be successful in their academic pursuits. Through his tireless efforts, Mr. Bry-ant has contributed greatly to UNLV’s achievement of being named a military friendly school by GI Jobs for 5 con-secutive years, as well as making the Military Advanced Education’s list of top military-friendly colleges in 2015. UNLV now educates over 1,475 Active- Duty military members, Reservists, National Guard members, veterans, and their families, in part due to the efforts of Mr. Bryant. I am grateful to have Mr. Bryant working on behalf of Nevada’s brave men and women. Through collaborative efforts during the last legislative session, Mr. Bryant was a key contributor in attaining pas-sage of legislation for UNLV to waive fees for Active-Duty military members. The program also reinforces UNLV’s presence at Nellis Air Force Base, where a classroom is available for Ac-tive-Duty military members and their families to take courses. His efforts have brought southern Nevada’s mili-tary community the academic support that it deserves. As a member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I have had no greater honor than the opportunity to engage with the men and women who served in our Nation’s military. I rec-ognize Congress has a responsibility not only to honor the brave individuals who serve our Nation, but to ensure they are cared for when they return home. I remain committed to uphold-ing this promise for our veterans and servicemembers in Nevada and throughout the Nation. I am grateful to have allies like Mr. Bryant working towards a common goal: fighting to en-sure the needs of our veterans and Ac-tive-Duty military members are met. Today I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in recognizing Mr. Bryant for all that he does for UNLV’s military community.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WENDY DAMONTE ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Wendy Damonte for her years of dedication to bringing northern Nevada in-depth news cov-erage. Wendy was an upstanding mem-ber of KTVN’s news team for 21 years and an important face in Nevada jour-nalism. While she will be departing from the anchor desk, Wendy’s tireless dedication to the Reno community will continue as she embarks on a new jour-ney as vice president of advocacy and community partnership at Renown Health. Wendy joined KTVN’s news team in 1994, shortly after graduating from the University of Nevada, Reno with a broadcast journalism degree. Her pas-sion in the newsroom quickly moved her up the ranks and led to her anchor-ing KTVN’s evening news program, as well as reporting on medical informa-tion on her ‘‘Health Watch’’ segment. As part of KTVN’s news team, Wendy went above and beyond in her career to bring Nevadans the most up-to-date and accurate news. Her work in our community is invaluable. Throughout her tenure with KTVN, Wendy covered a variety of stories, in-cluding medical breakthroughs in Ne-vada, breaking news stories, and per-sonal health stories. Specifically, Wendy shared an extremely personal story, covering the challenges her mother faced while fighting breast can-cer. Wendy’s coverage led to signifi-cant legislative changes in the fight against breast cancer. She was a key contributor in helping push legislation in Nevada mandating that doctors in-form women about their breast den-sity. As someone whose family has been touched by cancer, I understand the difficulties that come with this terrible disease and am thankful to have people like Wendy working to eradicate can-cer and increase awareness. I am pleased to say that I have worked with Wendy to raise awareness of the Breast Density and Mammography Act of 2015. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation, which similarly requires mammography facilities to include up- to-date information about breast den-sity. Wendy’s work has truly touched the lives of many across northern Ne-vada, and we can’t thank her enough. I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in thanking Wendy for her years with KTVN and for her work to create a healthier northern Nevada. Al-though her time at KTVN may be com-ing to an end, her efforts to pursue her goals will continue. I wish her well in all of her future endeavors and at her new position at Renown Health. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE HEARTWELL ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the remarkable achievements of George Heartwell who, after 20 years of service to the city of Grand Rapids, 12 of them as mayor, won the city international acclaim for environmental sustainability and artis-tic creativity. Mayor Heartwell, an ordained min-ister in the United Church of Christ, has served the citizens of Michigan’s second largest city with honor and dis-tinction. A graduate of Michigan’s Albion College, Mayor Heartwell served the public in a variety of roles prior to his city hall service. Mayor Heartwell helped Grand Rapidians achieve the American dream through his work as president of Heartwell Mortgage Corporation. Mayor Heartwell led Heartside Ministry, help-ing the homeless of Grand Rapids, and was also president and CEO of Pilgrim Manor Retirement Community. Mayor Heartwell entered Grand Rap-ids City Hall in 1992, serving the first of four terms as a city commissioner rep-resenting Grand Rapids’ Third Ward. He took office as mayor in January of 2004. Under his leadership, the city of Grand Rapids withstood the economic storms rattling the State of Michigan, finding methods to deliver city services in sustainable ways. It is Mayor Heartwell’s environ-mental sustainability efforts which have won the city international awards. During his tenure, city govern-ment implemented a variety of envi-ronmental measures, including pur-chase of renewable resource energy, use of alternative fuels in city vehicles, continued attention to water quality in the Grand River, and widespread imple-mentation of energy conservation measures. In January 2007, the United Nations recognized Grand Rapids as a Regional Center of Expertise in Edu-cation for Sustainable Development. Thanks to Mayor Heartwell’s leader-ship, Grand Rapids is widely recognized as one of the most sustainable cities in America. In 2010, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce gave Grand Rapids the Na-tion’s Most Sustainable City award, and in 2012, Mayor Heartwell was given the first place Climate Protection Award by the U.S. Conference of May-ors. More recently, Mayor Heartwell was one of only 20 individuals chosen to serve on President Obama’s Task Force for Climate Preparedness and Resilience. Mayor Heartwell has also focused on making Grand Rapids a more socially equitable city. Concurrently, the city has enjoyed a decrease in crime rates and an increase in its economic strength. Grand Rapids is widely recog-nized for its support of the arts and was recently named as number 20 of the 52 Places to Go in the World in 2016 by the New York Times. It is my great pleasure to congratu-late Mayor George Heartwell on the lasting impact he has made throughout his service to his hometown, the city of Grand Rapids.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING PAUL KINSMAN ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the life and leg-acy of Paul Kinsman. Paul was born in Watertown, SD, on September 7, 1958, and died in Pierre, SD, on January 10, 2016, at the young age of 57. Paul was a lifelong South Dakotan and dedicated public servant to the citizens of our State. After earning his law degree, Paul began 28 years of pub-lic service to the people of South Da-kota. We are a better State and a bet-ter people because of his hard work and dedication. As an administrative law judge, the deputy commissioner of administra-tion, the director of property taxes and special taxes, the commissioner of Ad-ministration, and the secretary of Rev-enue, he inspired his coworkers with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JA6.006 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES90 January 19, 2016 
his intelligence, his humor, and his te-nacity for getting things done. During my 8 years working as Gov-ernor of South Dakota, Paul served as commissioner of the Bureau of Admin-istration and secretary of Revenue. He was a burly teddy bear of a man. No matter how hard the problem or how challenging the issue, whenever we met, he had a gleam in his eyes and a smile on his face that told me without words that we were going to solve that problem or meet that challenge. And we did because of him. As an administrative law judge and tax collector, he earned the respect and admiration of the public, even when his rulings and application of law were not in their favor. He was straightforward and fair, which South Dakotans appre-ciate. As the head of Bureau of Administra-tion, he led and championed many projects that increased the efficiency of State government to serve the peo-ple and preserved the heritage of South Dakota in the people’s house—our State capitol. But more important than all of his career accomplishments is the kind of person Paul Kinsman was. He was a loving husband, father, grandfather, and friend to all who knew him. He had a tremendously positive impact on the many thousands of people he met and touched with his kindness and gen-erosity. With this, I welcome the opportunity to recognize and commemorate the life and legacy of this public servant and my friend, Paul Kinsman. Thank you.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HANKO’S METAL WORKS, INC. ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, often-times small businesses have the unique ability to tackle economic problems in their communities head on, providing hands-on solutions through hard work and ingenuity. As we begin the new year, I would like to recognize Hanko’s Metal Works, Inc., of Berwick, LA as small business of the week. In the midst of economic hardship in 1985, Harry ‘‘Hanko’’ Hoffpauir opened Hanko’s Metal Works with the goal of creating jobs and spurring economic activity in his community. With 27 years of experience in southern Louisi-ana’s maritime industry, Hoffpauir began building aluminum boats, quick-ly developing a strong reputation for durability and remarkable craftsman-ship. Having started his career as a su-perintendent overseeing major mari-time construction efforts, including building offshore platforms drilling for oil and natural gas, Hanko and his small business were poised for success. Today Hanko’s Metal Works, Inc., has grown from an operation of two employees to a team of over 35 individ-uals serving thousands of customers worldwide. Building upon a reputation for craftsmanship and ingenuity, Hanko’s continues to develop innova-tive products, including developing the first oilfield gauging boats that were used to help in the recovery efforts fol-lowing the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill, which devastated Louisiana’s vul-nerable coastal wetlands and the Gulf of Mexico. Additionally, Hanko’s Metal Work, Inc., has also developed vee barges, as well as high-performance fishing and family boats that are ranked as the best aluminum boats constructed in Louisiana. Congratulations again to Hanko’s Metal Work, Inc., for being selected as the small business of the week. Thank you for your commitment to economic development in the southern Louisiana region, and I look forward to your con-tinued growth and success.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING STUDIO GEAUX ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small businesses have the unique ability to challenge members of their community physically and intellectually, expand-ing the horizons of their neighbors and clients. It is especially noteworthy when these small businesses have the opportunity to use these talents to in-fluence their communities. This week, I would like to recognize Studio Geaux of Jennings, LA, as small business of the week for its ongoing commitment to engage young folks in fun, physical activity in southwest Louisiana. Louisiana native Caroline Cormier grew up dancing, and while pursuing a bachelor of arts in theatre and dance at Louisiana State University, she joined the school’s elite dance team, the Gold-en Girls. Upon graduation, Cormier re-located to Atlanta, GA, to continue her studies at some of the most chal-lenging and exclusive dance and fitness studios in the South. Three years later, Cormier gained the confidence and skills necessary to return to Louisiana and pursue her lifelong dream of launching her own dance studio and successfully did so, opening the doors to Studio Geaux in August 2014. Today Studio Geaux offers classes in ballet, tap, jazz, hip hop, and physical conditioning for students aged 2–18. Ad-ditionally, Cormier and her team began Dance on the Geaux, a program that provides dance classes to young stu-dents in local schools. Cormier de-signed the program to help increase awareness of and participation in the arts and also to help make the life of a busy parent a little easier. Congratulations again to Studio Geaux for being selected as the Small Business of the Week. Thank you for your continued commitment to the arts community in Acadiana, and I look forward to your continued growth and success.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION  
SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on January 15, 2016, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ESSER) had signed the following enrolled bills and joint reso-lution: 
S. 142. An act to require special packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes. S. 1115. An act to close out expired grants. S. 1629. An act to revise certain authorities of the District of Columbia courts, the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, and the Public Defender Service for the District of Colum-bia, and for other purposes. S.J. Res. 22. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Corps of Engineers and the En-vironmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 2:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 757. An act to improve the enforce-ment of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. H.R. 1644. An act to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to ensure transparency in the development of environmental regulations, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION  
SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, Janu-ary 19, 2016, he had signed the following enrolled bills and joint resolution, pre-viously signed by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ESSER ): 
S. 142. An act to require special packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes. S. 1115. An act to close out expired grants. S. 1629. An act to revise certain authorities of the District of Columbia courts, the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, and the Public Defender Service for the District of Colum-bia, and for other purposes. S.J. Res. 22. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Corps of Engineers and the En-vironmental Protection Agency relating to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JA6.016 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S91 January 19, 2016 
the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 757. An act to improve the enforce-ment of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 1644. An act to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to ensure transparency in the development of environmental regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bills were read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 598. An act to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and per-formance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes. H.R. 1069. An act to amend title 44, United States Code, to require information on con-tributors to Presidential library fundraising organizations, and for other purposes. f 
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, January 19, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills and joint resolution: 
S. 142. An act to require special packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes. S. 1115. An act to close out expired grants. S. 1629. An act to revise certain authorities of the District of Columbia courts, the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, and the Public Defender Service for the District of Colum-bia, and for other purposes. S.J. Res. 22. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Corps of Engineers and the En-vironmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4066. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin Re-quirements for Uncleared Swaps for Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants’’ (RIN3038–AC97) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4067. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Records of Commodity Interest and Related Cash or Forward Transactions’’ (RIN3038–AE23) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4068. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities), transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to the fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2016 reports on the Plan for the Nuclear Weapons Stockpile, Complex, Deliv-ery Systems, and Command and Control Sys-tem; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4069. A communication from the Pro-gram Specialist (Paperwork Reduction Act) of the Legislative and Regulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Community Reinvestment Act Regulations’’ (RIN1557–AE01) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 6, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4070. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regu-latory Capital Rules: Regulatory Capital, Final Rule Demonstrating Application of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Eligibility Criteria and Excluding Certain Holding Com-panies from Regulation Q’’ (RIN7100–AE27) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 8, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4071. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the continuation of the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13396 on February 7, 2006, with respect to Cote d’Ivoire; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4072. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Financial Research, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2015 Annual Report to Congress on Human Capital Plan-ning’’; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4073. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to discre-tionary appropriations legislation; to the Committee on the Budget. EC–4074. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Pennsylvania Regu-latory Program’’ ((SATS No. MO–041–FOR) (Docket No. OSM–2013–0008)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 11, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4075. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Small, Large, and Very Large Air-Cooled Commercial Package Air Conditioning and Heating Equipment’’ ((RIN1904–AD54) (Dock-et No. EERE–2015–BT–TP–0015)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 8, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–4076. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Commercial Prerinse Spray Valves’’ ((RIN1904–AD41) (Docket No. EERE–2014–BT– TP–0055)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 8, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4077. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’ ((RIN1904–AD17) (Docket No. EERE–2014–BT–TP–0007)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 8, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4078. A communication from the Des-ignated Federal Official, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the United States World War One Centennial Commission; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–4079. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Forest Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ski Area Water Clause’’ (RIN0596– AD14) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4080. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Designation of Areas for Air Quality Planning Purposes; California; South Coast; Reclassification as Serious Nonattainment for the 2006 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9940–84– Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4081. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Nebraska’s Air Quality State Implementation Plans (SIP); Infra-structure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard in Regards to Section 110 (a) (2) (D) (i) (I)—Prongs 1 and 2’’ (FRL No. 9941–04–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–4082. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Missouri’s Air Quality Implementation Plans; Reporting Emission Data, Emission Fees and Process Informa-tion’’ (FRL No. 9941–03–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 6, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4083. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Missouri’s Air Quality Implementation Plans; Early Progress Plan of the St. Louis Nonattainment Area for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9941–01–Region 7) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JA6.007 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES92 January 19, 2016 
the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4084. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants; Nebraska; Sewage Sludge Incinerators’’ (FRL No. 9941–06–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 6, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4085. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Mississippi; Memphis, TN– MS–AR Emissions Statements for the 2008 8- Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9940–87–Re-gion 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4086. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Infrastructure and Inter-state Transport State Implementation Plan for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9940–86–Re-gion 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4087. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Alabama; Non-attainment New Source Review’’ (FRL No. 9940–89–Region 4) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 6, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4088. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the annual report on the Child Support Program for fiscal year 2013; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4089. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Treatment of Certain Com-plex Diagnostic Laboratory Tests Dem-onstration; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4090. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Chemical Weap-ons Convention and the Australia Group; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4091. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–114); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4092. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–115); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4093. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–084); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4094. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–087); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4095. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–104); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4096. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–112); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4097. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–154); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4098. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Admin-istrator, U.S. Agency for International De-velopment (USAID), received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 5, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4099. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2014 Re-port to Congress on the Comprehensive Com-munity Mental Health Services for Children with Emotional Disturbances’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4100. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Poison Help Campaign’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4101. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Indirect Food Additives: Paper and Paperboard Components’’ (Docket No. FDA–2015–F–0714) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4102. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Office for Civil Rights, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Privacy Rule and the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System (NICS)’’ (RIN0945– AA05) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4103. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–228, ‘‘TOPA Bona Fide Offer of Sale Clarification Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4104. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–229, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 70, S.O. 15–23283, Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4105. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–230, ‘‘Closing of a Portion of Washington Avenue, S.W., and Portions of Ramps 5A and 5B to Interstate 395, and Transfer of Jurisdiction of the Closed Por-tions of Washington Avenue, S.W., and Ramps 5A and 5B to Interstate 395, and of Portions of U.S. Reservation 729, S.O. 14– 16582A and 14–16582B, Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4106. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–231, ‘‘Early Learning Quality Improvement Network Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4107. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–232, ‘‘Closing of Franklin Street, N.W., Evarts Street, N.W., and Doug-las Street, N.W. in Square 3128, S.O. 13–09432, Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4108. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–233, ‘‘Athletic Field Naming and Sponsorship Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4109. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–234, ‘‘Plaza West Disposition Restatement Temporary Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4110. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–235, ‘‘Foster Care Extended Eligibility Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4111. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–236, ‘‘Local Jobs and Tax In-centive Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4112. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–228, ‘‘Health-Care Decisions Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4113. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–248, ‘‘Domestic Partnership Termination Recognition Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4114. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–249, ‘‘Uniform Interstate Fam-ily Support Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4115. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–250, ‘‘Higher Education Licen-sure Commission Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4116. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–251, ‘‘Interim Eligibility and Minimum Shelter Standards Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JA6.015 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S93 January 19, 2016 
EC–4117. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–252, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Support Clarification Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4118. A communication from the Chair of the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the In-spector General and the Semiannual Man-agement Report for the period from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4119. A communication from the Vice President (Acting) for Congressional and Public Affairs, Millennium Challenge Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4120. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Administrator, Bureau for Africa, U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 5, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4121. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Europe and Eurasia, U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 5, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4122. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Report to Congress on the Social and Economic Con-ditions of Native Americans: Fiscal Years 2009 and 2010, 2011, and 2012’’; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. EC–4123. A communication from the Clerk of Court, United States Court of Federal Claims, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Court’s annual report for the year ended Sep-tember 30, 2015; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. EC–4124. A communication from the Chief of the Office of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commerce in Firearms and Ammunition— Reporting Theft or Loss of Firearms in Tran-sit (2007R–9P)’’ (RIN1140–AA34) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4125. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the annual report from the Attorney General to Congress relative to the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absen-tee Voting Act; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. EC–4126. A communication from the Chief Impact Analyst, Veterans Health Adminis-tration, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Automobile or Other Con-veyance and Adaptive Equipment Certificate of Eligibility for Veterans or Members of the Armed Forces with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Connected to Military Service’’ (RIN2900–AP26) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–4127. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief Financial Officer, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedule of Fees for Access to NOAA Envi-ronmental Data, Information, and Related Products and Services: Correction’’ (RIN0648–BE86) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4128. A communication from the Chair-man, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules of Practice in Trans-portation: Investigative Hearings, Meetings, Reports, and Petitions for Reconsideration’’ (RIN3147–AA02) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 5, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. INHOFE: S. 2444. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the disposition, within 60 days, of an application to exempt a projectile from classification as armor pierc-ing ammunition; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mrs. F
ISCHER ): S. 2445. A bill to improve the effectiveness and coordination of nutrition education; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. 2446. A bill to amend subtitle D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recov-ery and beneficial use of coal combustion re-siduals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. C AS-
SIDY): S. 2447. A bill to impose sanctions on indi-viduals who are complicit in human rights abuses committed against nationals of Viet-nam or their family members, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. COONS: S. 2448. A bill to provide for the appoint-ment of additional Federal bankruptcy judges, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EE, Mr. S ASSE, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. I
NHOFE ): S. Con. Res. 27. A concurrent resolution af-firming the importance of religious freedom as a fundamental human right that is essen-tial to a free society and is protected for all Americans by the text of the Constitution, and recognizing the 230th anniversary of the enactment of the Virginia Statute for Reli-gious Freedom; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. f ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 71 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 71, a bill to preserve open com-petition and Federal Government neu-trality towards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construc-tion projects. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for cov-erage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 391 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 391, a bill to preserve and protect the free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organiza-tions, or to refrain from such activi-ties. 
S. 429 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 429, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to pro-vide a standard definition of thera-peutic foster care services in Medicaid. 
S. 454 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 454, a bill to amend the Department of Energy High-End Computing Revital-ization Act of 2004 to improve the high- end computing research and develop-ment program of the Department of Energy, and for other purposes. 
S. 678 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 678, a bill to declare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JA6.018 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES94 January 19, 2016 
English as the official language of the United States, to establish a uniform English language rule for naturaliza-tion, and to avoid misconstructions of the English language texts of the laws of the United States, pursuant to Con-gress’ powers to provide for the general welfare of the United States and to es-tablish a uniform rule of naturalization under article I, section 8, of the Con-stitution. 
S. 708 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 708, a bill to establish an independent advisory com-mittee to review certain regulations, and for other purposes. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 746, a bill to provide for the establish-ment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the di-agnosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1377 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1377, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify and expand Federal criminal jurisdiction over Federal contractors and employ-ees outside the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collec-tively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans dur-ing World War II. 
S. 1567 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1567, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for a re-view of the characterization or terms of discharge from the Armed Forces of individuals with mental health dis-orders alleged to affect terms of dis-charge. 
S. 1683 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. FISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1683, a bill to provide for the establishment of a process for the re-view of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes. 
S. 1747 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1747, a bill to improve the enforce-ment of sanctions against the Govern-ment of North Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 1775 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1775, a bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to ac-cept additional documentation when considering the application for vet-erans status of an individual who per-formed service as a coastwise merchant seaman during World War II, and for other purposes. 
S. 1858 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1858, a bill to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex, gender identity, and sexual orientation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1874 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1874, a bill to provide protec-tions for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting representation by a labor organization. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1890, a bill to amend chap-ter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 2144 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2144, a bill to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 2185 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2185, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer. 
S. 2218 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2218, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat certain amounts paid for physical activity, fit-ness, and exercise as amounts paid for medical care. S. 2223 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2223, a bill to transfer administra-tive jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Sec-retary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other purposes. 
S. 2248 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2248, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease re-search efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes. 
S. 2263 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2263, a bill to encourage effective, vol-untary private sector investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual Federal awards to private sector employers rec-ognizing such investments, and for other purposes. 
S. 2275 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2275, a bill to provide for automatic ac-quisition of United States citizenship for certain internationally adopted in-dividuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2284 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2284, a bill to suspend the ad-mission and resettlement of aliens seeking refugee status because of the conflict in Syria until adequate proto-cols are established to protect the na-tional security of the United States and for other purposes. 
S. 2337 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2337, a bill to improve homeland secu-rity by enhancing the requirements for participation in the Visa Waiver Pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 2377 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2377, a bill to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and protect and secure the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2386 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2386, a bill to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JA6.011 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S95 January 19, 2016 
authorize the establishment of the Stonewall National Historic Site in the State of New York as a unit of the Na-tional Park System, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2423 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2423, a bill making appropriations to address the heroin and opioid drug abuse epidemic for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
S. 2426 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2426, a bill to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organi-zation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2427 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2427, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion against individuals with disabil-ities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes. 
S. 2437 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Sen-ator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
AR-
NER) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2437, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of per-sons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arlington National Cemetery, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 27—AFFIRMING THE IMPOR-TANCE OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM AS A FUNDAMENTAL HUMAN RIGHT THAT IS ESSENTIAL TO A FREE SOCIETY AND IS PRO-TECTED FOR ALL AMERICANS BY THE TEXT OF THE CONSTITU-TION, AND RECOGNIZING THE 230TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE EN-ACTMENT OF THE VIRGINIA STATUTE FOR RELIGIOUS FREE-DOM Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B
OOZMAN , and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. C ON. RES. 27 Whereas American democracy is rooted in the fundamental truth that all are created equal, endowed by our Creator with certain inalienable rights, among which are life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness; Whereas few freedoms were more valued by those who settled this nation than the free-dom of conscience, prompting Thomas Jef-ferson to declare in the Letter to New Lon-don Methodists, dated Feb. 4, 1809, that ‘‘no provision in our Constitution ought to be dearer to man than that which protects the rights of conscience against the enterprises of the civil authority’’; Whereas the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom, which was drafted by Thomas Jef-ferson and considered by him to be one of his greatest achievements, was enacted on Janu-ary 16, 1786, and became the forerunner of the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amend-ment to the United States Constitution; Whereas ‘‘the right to freedom of religion undergirds the very origin and existence of the United States’’, a freedom which was es-tablished by our Nation’s founders ‘‘in law, as a fundamental right and as a pillar of our Nation’’, as noted in section 2 of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998; Whereas the role of religion in American society and public life has a long and robust tradition; Whereas those who have studied American democracy from an outside perspective, such as Alexis de Tocqueville, have noted that re-ligion plays a central role in preserving our government because it provides a moral base that is required for democracy to succeed; Whereas the Supreme Court has affirmed in Town of Greece v. Galloway that ‘‘people of many faiths may be united in a community of tolerance and devotion’’; Whereas the principle of religious freedom ‘‘has guided our Nation forward’’, as ex-pressed by the 44th President of the United States in his Presidential Proclamation on Religious Freedom Day in 2011, and ‘‘is a uni-versal human right to be protected here at home and across the globe’’, as expressed by the 44th President of the United States on the same occassion in 2013; Whereas ‘‘Freedom of religion is a funda-mental human right that must be upheld by every nation and guaranteed by every gov-ernment’’, as expressed by the 42nd President of the United States in his Presidential Proc-lamation on Religious Freedom Day in 1999; Whereas the First Amendment protects the right of individuals to freely express and act on their religious beliefs, as well as the free-dom of all individuals to not be coerced to profess or act on a religious belief to which they do not adhere; Whereas ‘‘our laws and institutions should not impede or hinder but rather should pro-tect and preserve fundamental religious lib-erties’’, as expressed by the 42nd President of the United States in his remarks on signing the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993; Whereas for countless Americans, their faith is an integral part of every aspect of their daily lives, and is not limited to their homes, to houses of worship, or to doctrinal creeds; Whereas ‘‘religious faith has inspired many of our fellow citizens to help build a better Nation’’, where ‘‘people of faith continue to wage a determined campaign to meet needs and fight suffering’’, as expressed by the 43rd President of the United States in his Presi-dential Proclamation on Religious Freedom Day in 2003; Whereas ‘‘from its birth to this day, the United States has prized this legacy of reli-gious freedom and honored this heritage by standing for religious freedom and offering refuge to those suffering religious persecu-tion’’, as noted in section 2 of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998; Whereas Thomas Jefferson noted in 1822 that the constitutional freedom of religion is ‘‘the most inalienable and sacred of all human rights’’, and also wrote in 1798 that each right encompassed in the First Amend-ment is dependent on the others, ‘‘thereby guarding in the same sentence, and under the same words, the freedom of religion, of speech, and of the press: insomuch, that whatever violated either, throws down the sanctuary which covers the others’’; Whereas religious freedom ‘‘has been inte-gral to the preservation and development of the United States’’, and ‘‘the free exercise of religion goes hand in hand with the preserva-tion of our other rights’’, as expressed by the 41st President of the United States in his Presidential Proclamation on Religious Freedom Day in 1993; and Whereas we ‘‘continue to proclaim the fun-damental right of all peoples to believe and worship according to their own conscience, to affirm their beliefs openly and freely, and to practice their faith without fear or in-timidation’’, as expressed by the 42nd Presi-dent of the United States in his Presidential Proclamation on Religious Freedom Day in 1998; Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) honors the 230th anniversary of the pas-sage of the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom on Religious Freedom Day, Janu-ary 16, 2016; and (2) affirms that— (A) religious freedom includes the right to live, work, associate, and worship in accord-ance with one’s beliefs for people of any faith or of no faith; (B) all Americans can be unified in sup-porting religious freedom, regardless of dif-fering individual beliefs, because it is a fun-damental human right; and (C) ‘‘the American people will remain for-ever unshackled in matters of faith’’, as ex-pressed by the 44th President of the United States in his Presidential Proclamation on Religious Freedom Day in 2012. f PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the privileges of the floor be granted to Benjamin Reinke, a congressional fellow with the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources, effective today through De-cember 31, 2016. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my detailee, Michael Kades, be granted floor privileges through March 21, 2016, while detailed to the U.S. Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on be-half of Senator C
ANTWELL , I ask unani-mous consent that privileges of the floor be granted to the following indi-viduals with the Committee on Energy and National Resources: Frances Brie Van Cleve, a Democratic fellow, through December 31, 2016; Stephanie Teich-McGoldrick, a Democratic fel-low, through December 31, 2016; and Betsy Rosenblatt, a Democratic detailee, through December 31, 2016. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JA6.013 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES96 January 19, 2016 
NOTICE: REGISTRATION OF MASS MAILINGS The filing date for the 2015 fourth quarter Mass Mailing report is Mon-day, January 25, 2016. An electronic op-tion is available on Webster that will allow forms to be submitted via a fillable pdf document. If your office did no mass mailings during this period, please submit a form that states ‘‘none.’’ Mass mailing registrations, or nega-tive reports can be submitted elec-tronically or delivered to the Senate Office of Public Records, 232 Hart Building, Washington, D.C. 20510–7116. The Senate Office of Public Records is open from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. For further information, please contact the Senate Office of Public Records at (202) 224–0322. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, January 20; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each until 12:30 p.m.; further, that the Senate re-cess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings; finally, that at 2:15 p.m. the Sen-ate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 4038, with the time until 2:30 p.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator D
URBIN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I wish to thank the majority leader for giving me an opportunity to say a few words before we adjourn this evening. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, some months ago, in the midst of debate on the nuclear agreement with Iran, I came to the Senate floor to remind my colleagues of some recent history in-volving other negotiations undertaken with troubling regimes that turned out to serve our national security inter-ests. I reminded my Republican colleagues that John Kennedy negotiated with the Soviet Union during the Cuban missile crisis, saving us from nuclear war. I re-minded them that Richard Nixon nego-tiated with the Chinese on normalizing relations, even while that Communist regime in China was providing weapons to the North Vietnamese, who were using them against American soldiers. I, of course, reminded them that Ron-ald Reagan negotiated with the Soviets while the Communist nation had thou-sands of nuclear weapons pointed at the United States, was occupying East-ern Europe, and was supporting trou-bling regimes around the world. Let us also recall how many on the right in the political spectrum savaged then President Reagan for negotiating with the Soviets on nuclear arms. Let me read an excerpt from the January 17, 1988, New York Times about the op-position—eerily familiar to what we have been hearing in the debate on the Iran nuclear agreement—Reagan faced in negotiating an arms agreement with the Soviets: Already, right-wing groups . . . have mounted a strong campaign against the INF treaty. They have mailed out close to 300,000 letters opposing it. They have circulated 5,000 cassette recordings of Gen. Bernard Rogers, former Supreme Commander of NATO, attacking it. And, finally, they are preparing to run newspaper ads this month savaging Reagan as a new Neville Chamber-lain, signing an accord with Hitler and gullibly predicting ‘‘peace for our time.’’ 
Conservative Washington Post col-umnist George Will said in a 1987 News-week column of negotiating arms agreements with the Soviets, ‘‘Reagan has dramatically advanced the moral and psychological disarmament of the West by emphatically siding with those . . . who emphasize the role of ide-ology, and hence the radical differentness and dangerousness of the Soviet threat.’’ The conservative National Review’s May 22, 1987, edition had the following cover entitled ‘‘Reagan’s Suicide Pact’’ concerning Reagan’s negotiation with the Soviets. While opposed by some at the time, few in this Chamber would look back today and say that these ne-gotiations were a mistake or that the agreements that were reached between Reagan and the Soviets didn’t actually serve long-term American national se-curity interests. So we are here today with the fulfill-ment of the first stage of a historic agreement between world powers and Iran that has effectively eliminated that country’s ability to build a nu-clear weapon—a weapon that could have threatened our close allies and the world. Only a few months after this agree-ment was reached, Iran has met its critical commitments. It destroyed its only source of weapons-grade pluto-nium by literally pouring concrete into the heart of the reactor. It shipped 98 percent of its low-enriched uranium, at least 25,000 pounds—some 12 tons—of this low-enriched uranium out of the country. Recall that thanks to the in-terim agreement, Iran had already shipped out all of its more dangerous highly enriched uranium. It dismantled and removed two-thirds of its cen-trifuges—thousands of its centrifuges— and it has allowed international in-spectors unprecedented access to its nuclear facilities and supply chain. A simple question to the critics of the Iran nuclear agreement: Today, is Iran closer or further away from the development of a nuclear weapon? The answer is that it is further away. There is no other reasonable conclusion. Do you remember the speeches given by Prime Minister Netanyahu and many of the critics of this agreement? They were telling us that Iran was weeks away from developing a nuclear weapon. Now by consensus we believe they are at least 1 year away from de-veloping a nuclear weapon if they com-pletely walked away from this agree-ment. Without a nuclear weapon, Iran is not the same kind of threat to the Middle East, Israel, or to the world. All of what I said has been verified by international inspectors. Do you recall Ronald Reagan reminding us to trust but verify? We verified. The agreement gives inspectors continued access in perpetuity. In a few months, Iran has gone from a breakout time of a nuclear weapon from a month or 2 to at least 1 year. Quite simply, under Barack Obama’s Iran nuclear weapon agree-ment, their program has finally been brought to a halt without firing a shot—something no previous adminis-tration had been able to accomplish. That such a difficult task was accom-plished is a testament to the tireless work of our former colleague and cur-rent Secretary of State John Kerry and his team. This Senator thinks of all those who worked so hard on this for so many months to achieve it. Tough diplomacy has also brought home a number of Americans who were unjustly held in Iran. These Americans had not even left Iranian airspace be-fore many of the Republicans running for President unleashed another wave of worn-out rhetoric criticizing the President’s effort that led to the re-lease of these Americans being held prisoner. They also failed to offer a substantive alternative approach. Let me remind the naysayers that it was Ronald Reagan who traded weapons to Iran for seven American hostages being held by Iranian terrorists in Lebanon— not a handful of nonviolent sanctions violators but weapons to what was then our arch enemy who had only recently held more than 60 American diplomats as hostages for 444 days. By the time the sales were discovered, more than 1,500 missiles had been shipped by the Reagan administration to Iran and only 3 hostages had been released. They in turn were replaced with three more, sadly, in what then-Secretary of State George Shultz called ‘‘a hostage bazaar.’’ I have met the families of those held hostage, and I can’t say what I would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JA6.024 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S97 January 19, 2016 
do in each case if I were President in those heartbreaking situations. But I do know it is far easier for these Re-publican Presidential candidates and critics of this administration to arm- chair the Secretary of State or Presi-dent than to actually make the tough decisions that brought these men and women back home to the United States. While I applaud the nuclear deal and the release of the detained Americans, I am under no illusions about the Ira-nian regime. I believe there is a faction in Iran that wants Iran to integrate into the global community and reject Iranian belligerence in the region. Cer-tainly a large number of the Iranian people feel that way. But there are deeply troubling hardliners in Iran as well. They continue to support some of the most troubling groups in the re-gion, from Hezbollah, to Hamas, to the Assad regime. They continue to im-prison their own people for wanting more freedoms. They threaten Israel, our closest ally in the Middle East, and the region’s broader security. I hope that recent events mark the beginning of a gradual change away from these hardline policies and that we can continue to work with wiser voices on shared challenges such as Af-ghanistan and Syria. Until then, the administration has wisely maintained sanctions on Iran for its support of these terrorist groups and human rights violations. I also strongly support the most re-cent sanctions related to Iran’s bal-listic missile testing announced by the Obama regime. The world will have on-going, intensive inspection of Iran’s re-maining nuclear infrastructure to make sure there is no cheating on the agreement. It is always easy to threaten force or simply say that troubling regimes must bow to a rhetorical demand. It is another thing to actually use diplo-macy to reach these goals. Let’s not forget the price in lives, treasure, and regional upheaval that the Iraq war caused us—prices we continue to pay to this day. To end Iran’s nuclear weapons program without another devastating war is remarkable and worth the risk. We should follow the words of Presi-dent Kennedy: ‘‘Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to ne-gotiate.’’ 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. to-morrow morning. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:23 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, January 20, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASSES INDICATED: CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR: VIRGINIA LYNN BENNETT, OF VIRGINIA JOHN T. BERNLOHR, OF VIRGINIA DONALD A. BLOME, OF ILLINOIS ANDREW BOWEN, OF TEXAS PAUL A. BROWN, OF MARYLAND TODD JAMES BROWN, OF VIRGINIA IAN G. BROWNLEE, OF MARYLAND RANDALL C. BUDDEN, OF FLORIDA THOMAS E. COONEY, OF NEW YORK MARY ELLEN COUNTRYMAN, OF WASHINGTON JOHN J. DAIGLE, OF VIRGINIA JON F. DANILOWICZ, OF VIRGINIA KENNETH B. DEKLEVA, OF TEXAS KATHERINE SIMONDS DHANANI, OF FLORIDA ROBERT JOSEPH FAUCHER, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL L. FOOTE, OF VIRGINIA PHILIP A. FRAYNE, OF NEW YORK ROBERT S. GILCHRIST, OF FLORIDA ETHAN AARON GOLDRICH, OF MARYLAND CANDY GREEN, OF CALIFORNIA LAWRENCE J. GUMBINER, OF CALIFORNIA HELEN H. HAHN, OF VIRGINIA ANNE HALL, OF MAINE SARAH C. HALL, OF NEW YORK SCOTT IAN HAMILTON, OF COLORADO ANDREW BAUER HAVILAND, OF VIRGINIA DAVID ANDREW HODGE, OF TEXAS RICHARD A. HOLTZAPPLE, OF VIRGINIA ERIC A. JOHNSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ARDESHIR F. KANGA, OF MARYLAND KATHLEEN ANN KAVALEC, OF CALIFORNIA ATUL KESHAP, OF VIRGINIA KARIN MARGARET KING, OF OHIO MARC E. KNAPPER, OF CALIFORNIA DAVID J. KOSTELANCIK, OF ILLINOIS DANIEL JOSEPH KRITENBRINK, OF VIRGINIA MICHELLE A. LABONTE, OF VIRGINIA YAEL LEMPERT, OF NEW YORK JAMES M. LEVY, OF VIRGINIA PATRICIA A. MAHONEY, OF VIRGINIA MONTE P. MAKOUS, OF PENNSYLVANIA COLETTE MARCELLIN, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH LEE MARTINEZ, OF OHIO JOHN A. MATEL, OF VIRGINIA PATRICIA SHEEHAN MCCARTHY, OF VIRGINIA CARYN R. MCCLELLAND, OF CALIFORNIA RICHARD M. MILLS, JR., OF FLORIDA PHILLIP A. MIN, OF VIRGINIA MATTHIAS J. MITMAN, OF FLORIDA MICHAEL KENT MORROW, OF VIRGINIA PETER F. MULREAN, OF NEW YORK SEAN MURPHY, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT STEPHEN NEEDHAM, OF FLORIDA ERIC G. NELSON, OF TEXAS WILLIAM A. OSTICK, OF VIRGINIA NANCY BIKOFF PETTIT, OF VIRGINIA LYNNE G. PLATT, OF FLORIDA EMILIA A. PUMA, OF VIRGINIA DAVID M. REINERT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TIMOTHY J. RILEY, OF GEORGIA WILLIAM VERNON ROEBUCK, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW J. SCHOFER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JUSTIN H. SIBERELL, OF MARYLAND ERIC W. STROMAYER, OF VIRGINIA MARY E. TARNOWKA, OF VIRGINIA SUSAN ASHTON THORNTON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA CONRAD ROBERT TRIBBLE, OF CALIFORNIA XAVIER VAZQUEZ, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK WILLIAM WALSH, OF CONNECTICUT STEPHANIE TURCO WILLIAMS, OF VIRGINIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS INDICATED: CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: LUCY K. ABBOTT, OF MAINE MARY EMMA ARNOLD, OF VIRGINIA AMBER MICHELE BASKETTE, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA VALERIE LOUISE BELON, OF ALASKA MARK J. BIEDLINGMAIER, OF FLORIDA DREW G. BLAKENEY, OF TEXAS TOBIN J. BRADLEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KATHERINE ANN BRUCKER, OF CALIFORNIA MICHELLE ANN BURTON, OF NORTH DAKOTA MARK JOSEPH CASSAYRE, OF CALIFORNIA CHRISTIAN M. CASTRO, OF VIRGINIA KELLY S. CECIL, OF FLORIDA FRANCES MARGARET CHISHOLM, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE KAREN KW CHOE-FICHTE, OF NEW YORK MARK DANIEL CLARK, OF VIRGINIA CHERRIE S. DANIELS, OF TEXAS CHRISTOPHER J. DEL CORSO, OF VIRGINIA MARC DOUGLAS DILLARD, OF CALIFORNIA JAMES EDWARD DONEGAN, OF NEW YORK KURT D. DONNELLY, OF OREGON PATRICK M. DUNN, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER G. DUNNETT, OF FLORIDA ROBIN LISA DUNNIGAN, OF CALIFORNIA GABRIEL ESCOBAR, OF TEXAS NAN NIDA FIFE, OF VIRGINIA TAMARA K. FITZGERALD, OF TEXAS KATHLEEN A. FITZGIBBON, OF VIRGINIA JUSTIN FRIEDMAN, OF VIRGINIA HEIDE BRONKE FULTON, OF NEW YORK MICHAEL E. GARROTE, OF MARYLAND J. ROBERT GARVERICK, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER GAVITO, OF MISSOURI CAROLYN B. GLASSMAN, OF CALIFORNIA JOHN T. GODFREY, OF CALIFORNIA MICHAEL C. GONZALES, OF MARYLAND CYNTHIA A. G. HALEY, OF TEXAS JENNIFER HALL GODFREY, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL P. HANKEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ROBERT F. HANNAN, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL G. HEATH, OF CALIFORNIA JAMES ROBERT HELLER, OF VIRGINIA DEBRA L. HEVIA, OF NEW YORK AMY ELIZABETH HOLMAN, OF MARYLAND BRYAN D. HUNT, OF VIRGINIA AUDREY B. HUON-DUMENTAT, OF VIRGINIA COLLEEN E. HYLAND, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE MARK COOLIDGE JOHNSON, OF NEW YORK DOUGLAS DAVID JONES, OF MARYLAND KRISTIN M. KANE, OF CALIFORNIA MELISSA J. KEHOE, OF WASHINGTON MICHAEL R. KELLER, OF VIRGINIA DAVID H. KENNEDY, OF WASHINGTON BRUCE P. KLEINER, OF WASHINGTON MARY ELLEN N. KOENIG, OF MARYLAND MARGARET KURTZ-RANDALL, OF VIRGINIA MARK B. LAMBERT, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER JOHN LAMORA, OF VIRGINIA STEPHAN ALLEN LANG, OF MISSOURI DANIEL J. LAWTON, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK A. LEONARD, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ALEXIS LUDWIG, OF CALIFORNIA RAFIK K. MANSOUR, OF CALIFORNIA PANFILO MARQUEZ, OF CALIFORNIA JONATHAN ROBERT MENNUTI, OF VIRGINIA MANUEL P. MICALLER, OF CALIFORNIA HERRO K. MUSTAFA, OF CALIFORNIA COURTNEY ROBIN NEMROFF, OF WASHINGTON DENISON KYLE OFFUTT, OF FLORIDA SANDRA SPRINGER OUDKIRK, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS ANDREW PALAIA, OF CONNECTICUT MATTHEW A. PALMER, OF VIRGINIA BRETT GEORGE POMAINVILLE, OF COLORADO WILLIAM W. POPP, OF VIRGINIA DALE T. PRINCE, OF MARYLAND BARTON J. PUTNEY, OF WISCONSIN JOHN THOMAS RATH, OF TEXAS RICHARD THOMAS REITER, OF MARYLAND ERICA ANN RENEW, OF VIRGINIA KAREN E. ROBBLEE, OF NEW YORK DANIEL ALAN ROCHMAN, OF NEBRASKA ABIGAIL MISCIAGNO RUPP, OF FLORIDA HOWARD T. SOLOMON, OF MICHIGAN JAMES BROWARD STORY, OF SOUTH CAROLINA KATHRYN TAYLOR CROCKART, OF TEXAS ELLEN BARBARA THORBURN, OF MICHIGAN MARI DIETERICH TOLLIVER, OF MICHIGAN JOHN C. VANCE, OF MONTANA MARJA VERLOOP, OF WASHINGTON LESSLIE C. VIGUERIE, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT PATRICK WALLER, OF VIRGINIA JAMES L. WAYMAN, OF VIRGINIA MARK ALAN WELLS, OF VIRGINIA JAMES ANDREW WOLFE, OF CALIFORNIA JOY ONA YAMAMOTO, OF CALIFORNIA JOSEPH MICHAEL YOUNG, OF VIRGINIA CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, AND CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: AYAN HUSSEIN AHMED NOOR, OF VIRGINIA ASSIYA ASHRAF-MILLER, OF VIRGINIA LANCE M. BAILEY, OF VIRGINIA ARTHUR J. BALEK, OF MARYLAND KEVIN WILLIAM BOHNE, OF TEXAS JAMES E. DICKEY, OF ALASKA CONSTANCE MARIE DIERMAN, OF MARYLAND PHILIP A. DUBOIS, OF FLORIDA TIMOTHY DUMAS, OF ILLINOIS KAREN A. FINER, OF MINNESOTA THOMAS JAMES FITZPATRICK, OF VIRGINIA KATHY A. GALLARDO, OF CALIFORNIA HOWARD K. GERSHENFELD, OF TEXAS DAVID S. GROCCIA, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW P. HYATT, OF UTAH DAVID R. JOHNSON, OF MINNESOTA STEVEN M. JONES, OF VIRGINIA KAREN A. LASS, OF VIRGINIA WADE C. MARTIN, OF VIRGINIA GLENN WAYNE MILLER, OF VIRGINIA MAKORI OSORO, OF TEXAS JUSTIN J. OTTO, OF WASHINGTON RICHARD D. OTTO, OF FLORIDA JOSE E. SALAZAR, OF NEW MEXICO RONALD W. STUART, OF TEXAS RAJESH VYAS, OF FLORIDA AZIZ Y. YOUNES, OF GEORGIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED, EFFECTIVE APRIL 10, 2015: CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: SUSAN M. CLEARY, OF NEW YORK THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DEPART-MENT OF AGRICULTURE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED: CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER-COUNSELOR: DARYL ARTHUR BREHM, OF VIRGINIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS INDICATED: CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G19JA6.028 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES98 January 19, 2016 
RICHARD A. DRENNAN, OF PENNSYLVANIA MARK A. DRIES, OF VIRGINIA MELINDA D. SALLYARDS, OF VIRGINIA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED PERSONS OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICERS TO THE CLASSES INDICATED: FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF CLASS ONE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA: SCOTT D. HOCKLANDER, OF ALASKA FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF CLASS TWO, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: RANDY ALI, OF NEW YORK CARL J. ANDERSON, OF PENNSYLVANIA STEPHEN M. ANDOSEH, OF TEXAS THEODORA B. DELL, OF NEW JERSEY MARC L. DOUGLAS, OF FLORIDA STEPHEN F. GUDZ, OF FLORIDA GREGORY HOWELL, OF ARIZONA MUHAMMAD N. KHAN, OF COLORADO MITCHELL G. NELSON, OF WASHINGTON JONATHAN BRUCE PALMER, OF VIRGINIA DAVID RUSH, OF NEW YORK MARAM R. TALAAT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA EBONY BOSTIC TRAN, OF CALIFORNIA MICHAEL WYZAN, OF FLORIDA FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF CLASS THREE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: ANTHONY E. AMERSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA PATRICIA DARLENE FOOTE, OF WASHINGTON PAUL E. MARTIN, OF VIRGINIA ALYSON ANNE MCFARLAND, OF NEW YORK SANDRA SAVAGE, OF FLORIDA RODRIGO J. SEDA, OF FLORIDA JUDY JHINGORY WEBB, OF FLORIDA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR PROMOTION WITH-IN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDI-CATED: CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER-COUNSELOR: CATHERINE MARY TRUJILLO, OF TEXAS THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DEPART-MENT OF AGRICULTURE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED: CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: ANTONIO J. ARROYAVE, OF FLORIDA THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBER OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DEPART-MENT OF AGRICULTURE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED: CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER: HOLLY S. HIGGINS, OF IOWA 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate January 19, 2016: 
THE JUDICIARY  
WILHELMINA MARIE WRIGHT, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A19JA6.005 S19JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
D41 Tuesday, January 19, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S79–S98 Measures Introduced: Five bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 2444–2448, and S. Con. Res. 27.
                                                                   Page S93 
American Safe Act—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that at 2:15 p.m., on Wednesday, January 20, 2016, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 4038, to require that supple-mental certifications and background investigations be completed prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees, with the time until 2:30 p.m., equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees. 
                                                                                                Page S96 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 58 yeas to 36 nays (Vote No. EX. 3), Wilhel-mina Marie Wright, of Minnesota, to be United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota. 
                                                                              Pages S84–86, S98 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Routine lists in the Foreign Service.
                                                                        Pages S97–98 
Messages from the House:                                     Page S90 
Measures Referred:                                                     Page S91 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:                   Page S91 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                        Page S91 Executive Communications:                         Pages S91–93 
Additional Cosponsors:                                    Pages S93–95 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: Additional Statements:
                                    Pages S88–90 
Privileges of the Floor:                                            Page S95 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—3)
                                                                          Page S86 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:23 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, January 20, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S97.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
ENERGY AND COMMODITY MARKETS Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the near-term out-look for energy and commodity markets, after receiv-ing testimony from Adam Sieminski, Administrator, Energy Information Administration, Department of Energy; Antoine Halff, Columbia University School of International and Public Affairs Center on Global Energy Policy, New York, New York; and James P. Lucier, Jr., Capital Alpha Partners LLC, Daniel McGroarty, Carmot Strategic Group Inc., and Ethan Zindler, Bloomberg New Energy Finance, all of Washington, D.C. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, January 25, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con Res. 107. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19JA6.REC D19JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD42 January 19, 2016 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Improving Child Nutrition Integrity and Access Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Justice’s role in implementing new executive actions related to gun control, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine United States strategy and policy in the Middle East, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, to hold an oversight hearing to examine Task Force for Business and Stability Operations projects in Afghanistan, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Thomas F. Scott Darling, III, of Massachusetts, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, De-partment of Transportation, 10:30 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: business meeting to consider S. 659, to protect and enhance op-portunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shoot-ing, S. 1024, to authorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, S. 1674, to amend and reauthorize certain pro-visions relating to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship, S. 1724, to provide for environmental res-toration activities and forest management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin, S. 2143, to provide for the authority for the successors and assigns of the Starr-Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas, S. 2396, to designate the Federal building and United States court-house located at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sidney Olsin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, and other pending cal-endar business, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the Middle East after the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine improving the Federal response to challenges in mental health care in America, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine understanding the goals and ideology of ISIS to better protect the homeland, 10 a.m., SD–342. Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nomination of Michael Joseph Missal, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., S–216, Capitol. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the adequacy of criminal intent standards in Federal pros-ecutions, 10 a.m., SD–226. Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Inter-est, to hold hearings to examine the biometric exit track-ing system, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 11:30 a.m., SH–219. House No hearings are scheduled. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of January 20 through January 22, 2016 Senate Chamber On Wednesday, at approximately 2:15 p.m., Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 4038, American SAFE Act, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon, at 2:30 p.m. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: January 20, business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Improving Child Nutrition Integrity and Access Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: January 20, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Justice’s role in implementing new executive actions re-lated to gun control, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: January 20, to hold hear-ings to examine United States strategy and policy in the Middle East, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. January 20, Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support, to hold an oversight hearing to examine Task Force for Business and Stability Operations projects in Afghanistan, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. January 21, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Eric K. Fanning, of the District of Columbia, to be Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Janu- ary 20, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Thomas F. Scott Darling, III, of Massachusetts, to be Ad-ministrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, 10:30 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: January 21, to hold hearings to examine the status of innovative tech-nologies within the automotive industry, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: January 20, business meeting to consider S. 659, to protect and en-hance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, S. 1024, to authorize the Great Lakes Restora-tion Initiative, S. 1674, to amend and reauthorize certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19JA6.REC D19JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D43 January 19, 2016 provisions relating to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship, S. 1724, to provide for environmental res-toration activities and forest management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin, S. 2143, to provide for the authority for the successors and assigns of the Starr-Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas, S. 2396, to designate the Federal building and United States court-house located at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sidney Olsin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, and other pending cal-endar business, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: January 21, to hold hearings to examine healthcare co-ops, focusing on a review of the fi-nancial and oversight controls, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: January 20, to hold hear-ings to examine the Middle East after the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action, 10 a.m., SD–419. January 21, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine political and economic developments in Latin America and opportunities for United States engagement, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Jan- uary 20, to hold hearings to examine improving the Fed-eral response to challenges in mental health care in Amer-ica, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: January 20, to hold hearings to examine understanding the goals and ideology of ISIS to better protect the home-land, 10 a.m., SD–342. January 20, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nomination of Michael Joseph Missal, of Mary-land, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., S–216, Capitol. January 21, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine laying out the reality of the Postal Service, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: January 20, to hold hearings to examine the adequacy of criminal intent standards in Federal prosecutions, 10 a.m., SD–226. January 20, Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest, to hold hearings to examine the bio-metric exit tracking system, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. January 21, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in sup-port of terrorism as renunciation of United States nation-ality, H.R. 1428, to extend Privacy Act remedies to citi-zens of certified states, S. 483, to improve enforcement efforts related to prescription drug diversion and abuse, S. 1890, to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, S. 2040, to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and the nominations of Mary S. McElroy, to be United States District Judge for the District of Rhode Is-land, and Susan Paradise Baxter, and Marilyn Jean Horan, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: January 21, to hold hear-ings to examine the Department of Veterans Affairs’ transformation strategy, focusing on examining the plan to modernize the Department of Veterans Affairs, 10 a.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: January 20, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 11:30 a.m., SH–219. January 21, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19JA6.REC D19JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD44 January 19, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, January 20 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 12:30 p.m.), Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 4038, American SAFE Act, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at 2:30 p.m. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their re-spective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Monday, January 25 House Chamber 
Program for Monday: The House is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, January 25, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 107. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jan 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D19JA6.REC D19JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST